Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3645 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 2015 No. 87 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
June 2, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable R ANDY  
HULTGREN to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
SHIFTS TO HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, in 
our fast-changing world, the global economy looms large. America has long been the leader in promoting freer and fairer trade, promoting the econ-omy at home while strengthening ties overseas. The current issue that is be-fore us now deals with a trade pro-motion authority and the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership, an agreement with 12 countries, representing almost 40 per-
cent of the global economy. 
After the recent bipartisan vote in 
the Senate on the trade promotion au-thority and related package, attention now shifts to the House where we are likely to be voting on this in the next couple of weeks. Many confuse support for the trade promotion authority with the TPP, the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship. They are two distinct items. 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an 
ongoing series of negotiations which has yet to be concluded. Indeed, one of the reasons we are looking at trade promotion authority now, establishing the rules of the game and how Congress will evaluate and process it, is to make sure that we get into the final stages. 
Trade promotion authority histori-
cally, something we have done repeat-edly in the past, provides for Congress to vote on an up-or-down basis on a trade agreement once it is finalized. This is what happens in negotiations routinely in the United States, an up- or-down vote. I find it somewhat ironic that some of my friends in organized labor think that it somehow should be negotiated in Congress, that it ought to be subject to amendment in Con-gress. Yet there is no labor union that I am aware of that has its contracts voted piecemeal. Members aren’t al-lowed to amend. It is up or down, and that is what is necessary to be able to reach a conclusion with these negotia-tions. 
Some are demanding that Members 
of Congress oppose an agreement that is not yet completed. Well, I, for one, am not going to support or oppose an agreement until I can see what is in it and until the agreement is finalized. Until it is finished, I am going to con-tinue to work to make it as strong as possible. 
I have been working on provisions to 
strengthen enforcement, establishing a trust fund to make sure that provisions in trade agreements have the resources to make sure that they are, in fact, en-
forced, such as having provisions known as the Green 301 that has great-er strength to be able to enforce envi-ronmental provisions. This makes a difference for my community. 
Oregon’s small- and medium-sized 
businesses, family farmers, winemak-ers, bike manufacturers say that en-hanced trade authority is critical to creating more jobs at home and in-creased value for customers. That is something that gets lost in this debate because, as a result of our policies pro-moting freer trade between countries, Americans have seen their standard of living increase. Americans today are paying less for clothing, less for food, less for electronics as a result of the benefits of these agreements. Some es-timates say it is about $8,000 per fam-ily. 
Well, we will see what the current 
trade agreement looks like when it is completed. As I mentioned, the trade promotion authority is necessary to reach the final stages. 
Thanks to the efforts of my friend 
and my constituent Senator R
ON 
WYDEN , the ranking member of the 
Senate Finance Committee, this trade promotion authority that we will be dealing with makes it mandatory that everybody in the country will be able to look at the final agreement for 60 
days before the President even signs it, and then it will be public for another 90 days—5 months, essentially—before Congress will vote up or down on whether or not it is worthy of our sup-port. 
Well, I will do what I have done in 
trade agreements in the past. I will consider each element with the same principles: Is this package good for the people I represent in Oregon? Does it align with our values? Will it be a net positive for areas that I care about, like labor and the environment? More fundamentally, are we going to be bet-ter off with an agreement or with none? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.000 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3646 June 2, 2015 
PUTTING A STOP TO 
MISMANAGEMENT AT THE VA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, in 2014, Con-
gress passed legislation with broad bi-partisan support to improve access to and the quality of care for veterans in response to the nationwide scandal over manipulated wait times at the VA. 
The Veterans’ Access to Care 
through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act created a 3-year pro-gram to allow veterans to seek care from private providers if they live too far from a VA facility or cannot other-wise get an appointment within 14 days. 
It also gave the VA Secretary the au-
thority to fire senior executives for poor performance and required a top- to-bottom study of the entire Depart-ment to be completed within 1 year of enactment. 
When government failure is exposed 
and legislation aimed at restoring ac-countability is enacted, it makes sense that action would be swift and imme-diate, people would be fired, and wrongs would begin to be made right. Unfortunately, that has not been the case at the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. 
While there are as many as 1,000 em-
ployees that could potentially face dis-ciplinary actions, the VA has punished a total of eight for involvement in the scandal. We continue to hear about un-acceptable patient wait times, unan-swered benefit inquiries, patient safety concerns, medical malpractice, fla-grant mismanagement, infighting, cor-ruption, and years of construction delays that total millions of dollars. 
Frustration, anger, outrage, Mr. 
Speaker, these are just a few of the words that describe how I and other Americans felt when we read these lat-est stories about problems within the Department of Veterans Affairs. The continued ineptitude at the highest levels of the Department of Veterans Affairs is simply unacceptable. It is past time to put an end to this agency-wide pattern of mismanagement. 
Last month, the House continued its 
efforts to fulfill the commitment we have made to those who have served by approving several pieces of legislation to further improve accountability at the VA. 
We also passed legislation to increase 
access to education programs for vet-erans and to encourage small busi-nesses to hire them. While it will never be enough, this legislation is a positive step forward in meeting our responsi-bility to America’s veterans. 
However, Congress cannot transform 
the VA alone. It is the President’s re-sponsibility to ensure changes are made within the agency and that em-ployees are held accountable for their actions. Unfortunately, that is not happening. Every day, we hear only more stories 
about further misdeeds. President Obama must commit to reforming the VA with more than just lip service. America’s veterans deserve a meaning-ful, decisive plan to right the many wrongs. 
As a country, we are uniquely 
blessed. We live in a nation where each of us has the possibility of nearly lim-itless fulfillment and prosperity in the world’s finest democracy. That unpar-alleled freedom and opportunity has been made available to us because of the profound sacrifices of those who have fought for and defended our Na-tion. 
America’s veterans deserve better 
than the inexcusable misconduct and neglect that we have seen over the last few years at the VA. It is critically im-portant that we provide high-quality, timely care for those who have sac-rificed so much to our country. 
Republicans are committed to that 
principle and to the veterans of this country. 
f 
URBAN FLOODING AWARENESS 
ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, as Mem-
bers of Congress continue to debate whether or not climate change is real, Americans are paying the price. To the climate doubters that I serve with, I will remind them that there are over 200 peer-reviewed scientific studies that conclude that climate change is real and that man contributes to it, and there are zero peer-reviewed sci-entific studies that say the opposite. 
Climate change often brings images 
to mind of melting icecaps and rising sea levels, but the effects of climate change are being felt every day by peo-ple around the country. Climate change is causing even more destruc-tive storms which, when combined with our aging infrastructure, is resulting in cities around the country being pum-meled by urban flooding. 
A little more than 2 years ago, resi-
dents in my district endured their sec-ond 100-year flood in a mere 3 years. A 100-year storm means that there is a 1 percent chance that a storm of that magnitude will happen every year, but folks in Chicago are experiencing these storms with greater intensity and fre-quency. 
The morning after the rains 
bombarded Chicago in 2013, I visited numerous community members and their homes. The damage I saw was devastating: thousands of homes and businesses flooded; tons of carpeting, furniture, and memories are ruined; businesses shattered; and entre-preneurs’ dreams crushed, along with millions of dollars in damages. 
Throughout the region, we saw the 
closure of schools, libraries, and even hospitals were forced to relocate pa-tients. That kind of devastation cannot be ignored. Our constituents cannot be 
ignored. 
In Chicago, over the past century, we 
have seen countless storms that have caused pipes to back up into houses and dump upwards of 1.5 inches of rain in a single day. What is more, rains of more than 2.5 inches a day are expected to increase another 50 percent in the next 20 years. 
The National Climate Assessment, 
released by the Obama administration last year, predicted that the frequency and intensity of the Midwest’s heaviest downpours will more than double over the next 100 years. That means even more trouble for our Nation’s already deteriorating infrastructure and the cities around the country that rely on that infrastructure to keep them safe. Storm drains are outdated; sewers are inadequate, and families are at risk. 
Whether it is because of flooded pipes 
or the lack of permeable surfaces in our cities, our constituents are paying the prices. Thousands of households in America are affected every year by urban flooding, yielding catastrophic economic, environmental, and social damage in some of our country’s larg-est cities. Basements with water dam-age decrease property values by an es-timated 10 to 25 percent. 
But the impacts don’t end there. 
Chronically damp houses can cause res-piratory problems and higher insurance costs. Additionally, almost two out of five small businesses cannot open after experiencing a flooding disaster. Urban flooding erodes streams and riverbeds and degrades the quality of our drink-ing water sources and the health of our aquatic ecosystems. 
It is time we come up with a national 
response to this growing problem. That is why I am proud to introduce the Urban Flooding Awareness Act. This legislation will finally create a defini-tion of urban flooding to be used when designing flood maps and will require a first-of-its-kind study to analyze the costs associated with urban flooding and develop solutions. It would also help us better protect downstream communities from the flooding impacts of development in upstream areas. 
Existing regulatory and policy mech-
anisms are not adequate for this task. It is time we develop new strategies. By identifying the most effective and economical remedies to urban flooding, we are better preparing our commu-nities to defend themselves against the devastation caused by increasingly in-tense weather. 
b1015 
And investing in real solutions to 
this problem now is the only way to avoid higher costs down the road. We can learn from our successes and inves-tigate innovative new strategies for funding crucial new programs that eliminate flood risk and damage. Our cities need the best tools available if they are going to survive this era of supersized storms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.003 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3647 June 2, 2015 
THE RAINS OF MAY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 
rains came down and the floods came up. And although Texas did not receive Noah’s 40 days and 40 nights of rain, the recent 10 days of rain were of Bib-lical proportions. 
The whole State received the inces-
sant rain. And about the time we thought it was all over on Saturday morning, it all happened again Satur-day night, flooding many of the same homes and communities throughout 
the State. 
In Houston, six, so far, have died. 
Statewide, there are now 24 deaths. Eleven are still missing in Hays Coun-ty when the Blanco River rose so fast at night it trapped people in over 200 resort homes that were on the river— homes that eventually washed away. Many of Texas’ rivers—the Trinity, the Colorado, the Brazos, and the San Jacinto—rose at rapid record rates and are still out of their banks. 
Weather experts, Mr. Speaker, said so 
much rain fell in Texas in May that it was enough moisture to cover the en-tire State in 8 inches of water. That is a lot of rain. Seventy counties have been designated disaster areas. But the rainbow news, Mr. Speaker, is that many, many voluntarily helped their neighbors and strangers survive the troubled waters of the floods. 
Here is just one example. The hard 
rain in Dallas flooded the Trinity River. Dallas is in north Texas. The Trinity River flows south down to southeast Texas near Houston, and the added rain in southeast Texas had the Trinity River the size of the Mis-sissippi River. 
As the river rose in southeast Texas, 
a herd of cattle were trapped in the middle of the river on high ground. This high ground was eventually going to be overcome with water and the cat-tle would be washed out to sea. The river at this point is between the two small towns of Liberty and Dayton, about 6 miles apart, separated by U.S. highway 90. 
So Sunday, in a scene reminiscent of 
the 1800s roundups, cowboys mounted airboats—yes, airboats, Mr. Speaker— to force the hundreds of cattle into the river and have them swim to safer ground. The only area that had high ground was U.S. highway 90. The high-way was above the water, even though water was on both sides of the high-way. 
The roundup took several hours be-
cause, Mr. Speaker, cattle are hard-headed. They did not want to leave the high ground and swim to a highway. So it took several hours to do this. Even the cowboys were lassoing calves and tying them to the airboat so they wouldn’t drown. Finally, after many hours, all the cattle were forced up on U.S. highway 90 between Liberty and Dayton, Texas. 
Now, what do you do with them? 
Well, the cowboys, now on horses, along with citizens and other volun-
teers, herded the cattle down U.S. highway 90 to Dayton, Texas, through Main Street of Dayton, Texas. The citi-zens came out with their kids to see the cattle drive through Dayton, Texas, and they moved these several hundred of cattle to a rail yard where they will be kept, that is the highest area in the county, until the flood waters finally are diminished. 
Of course, local businesses helped 
out: a local store, Casa Don Boni in Liberty; and, of course, the Sonic, al-ways present in Dayton, supported the volunteers with food and drinks; and other businesses as well helped. This is an example of how, during a troubled time, tough times, Texans are helping each other survive this catastrophic flooding. 
So, now, Mr. Speaker, that the rains 
that came down and the flood that came up have subsided and the earth has returned to its dry land, our pray-ers go out to the ones who lost family, friends, and property. God bless every one of them. And we also give grateful thanks to those that helped each other during the floods of May. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LE GRAND UNION 
HIGH SCHOOL AND DOS PALOS HIGH SCHOOL IN SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY, CALIFORNIA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize two exemplary high schools in my district: Le Grand Union High School and Dos Palos High School. 
In California’s San Joaquin Valley, 
one of the most economically chal-lenged regions of the Nation, having access to a quality education is critical for our young people, and these two schools shine on both the State and na-tional levels. 
Recently, both Le Grand and Dos 
Palos were acknowledged by the U.S. News & World Report’s annual grading as among the top high schools in Amer-ica. Not only are Le Grand High School and Dos Palos among the best in Merced County, but they both ranked among the top five high schools in our region. Their accomplishments show how our students, with the right en-couragement and support, in fact, can succeed. 
Students, regardless of their socio-
economic status or being college bound, deserve a quality education that prepares them for the road ahead. And both Le Grand and Dos Palos High Schools are doing just that. Mr. Speak-er, 81 percent of the students at Le Grand High School and 97 percent of the students at Dos Palos High School qualify as low-income. 
These are challenging and difficult 
areas. I am proud to say that, at both Le Grand High School and Dos Palos, approximately half of all enrollees are in AP classes and taking the end-of- 
year test for college credit. Now, what does that mean? It means that every day these students are actively seizing opportunities to change their lives for the better, and for that, we are glad. 
Mr. Speaker, when our students suc-
ceed, our Nation succeeds because, after all, they are the future of Amer-ica. The great success of these students would not be possible without the amazing support of both the faculty and the staff at both high schools. These are the teachers and educators who see promise in our students and in-spire them to follow their dreams and progress, teachers who have dedicated their professional careers to public education in America. 
To Le Grand Union High School Prin-
cipal Javier Martinez, the Le Grand Union High School faculty and staff, their board of directors, and the Le Grand student body, job well done. 
To the Dos Palos High School Prin-
cipal Heather Ruiz, the Dos Palos High School faculty and staff, the Dos Palos- Oro Loma School District Board of Trustees, and to that student body, again, a job well done. 
Let me take this opportunity to say 
a big thank-you to all of you, and con-gratulations in achieving the Silver Medal Award given annually by the U.S. News & World Report. Your collec-tive academic achievement is a source of pride not only in our community, but throughout the Nation. 
Most importantly, all of you are 
making a difference, making a dif-ference for our students. Thank you for setting the example, and thank you for the difference you are making in their lives. It is an honor and a privilege to represent you, and keep up the good work. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. P
OMPEO ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to discuss an issue that is incred-ibly important not only to America, but to the folks who I represent in south central Kansas. We need to make 
sure that in south central Kansas we have the opportunity to access mar-kets all over the world and to sell the great products that we make. 
Mr. Speaker, it sometimes sounds 
like just statistics, but in 2014, $12 bil-lion in goods from over 3,000 companies were exported outside of Kansas. In the Fourth District alone, over $3.8 billion was exported, making Wichita and south central Kansas one of the three top exporting metros in the entire United States of America. 
When you visit Wichita, you can see 
that. If you travel around south central Kansas, you will find great aerospace companies, companies like Learjet, Cessna, Beechcraft, and Airbus, manu-facturing goods that are sold all across the world. They need access to these markets overseas. We make the 737 fu-selage right in Wichita, Kansas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.009 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3648 June 2, 2015 
And we all know the hundreds of 
small businesses that supply them, ma-chine shops like DJ Engineering and McGinty Machine, that hire hundreds of people in good-paying jobs that are dependent on the capacity for south central Kansas to ship their products around the world, companies like Rubbermaid and Case New Holland that makes farm equipment and Cole-man that makes camping goods. 
This doesn’t begin to mention all the 
petroleum products that move out of Kansas. And, of course, we sell lots of agricultural products as well. Kansas is the top exporter of wheat, with over $1.5 billion per year. It ranks second in the export of meat products and third in cattle. 
International trade is incredibly im-
portant to the people of south central Kansas. These aren’t just numbers. These are about real, hard-working Kansans and good-paying jobs. 
We need to make sure, here in Con-
gress, that we provide outlines for our President to go negotiate deals with both Europe and Asia such that compa-nies like Excel that makes lawn mow-ing equipment in Hesston, Kansas, can continue to grow. It is their objective to double over the next 5 years. They cannot do so without the capacity to sell their products into Europe and to Asia. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is much con-
troversy about some pieces of trade promotion authority in some of the trade agreements. I have read the docu-ment as it currently stands. I can as-sure everyone who is listening today that this Congress will retain its full authority to approve every agreement that is entered into to make sure that it is, in fact, in the best interests of re-ducing taxes, reducing tariffs, and re-ducing regulatory barriers so that Americans and Kansans can sell their products all across the globe. 
Sometimes the word ‘‘trade’’ gets 
bandied about, but what it really means is the capacity for innovation, creativity, the rule of law, and com-petitiveness to triumph around the world. Those are the hallmarks of the people of south central Kansas. If we get these trade agreements right, we can enhance the lives of so many folks all across the Fourth District of Kan-sas. 
Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-
leagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting passage of trade promotion authority when it comes be-fore the House for a full vote. It is about trade, which is about jobs, which is so important for the American peo-ple. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE TENNESSEE 
VALLEY AUTHORITY’S WATTS BAR NUCLEAR FACILITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, on 
June 1, 1796, Tennessee became the 16th member of these United States. For 
some 200 years, Tennessee has been a part of the innovative vanguard that makes this country great, whether it be through culture, science, or even our fabulous barbecue. 
Last week, I had the opportunity to 
tour the latest energy innovation the State of Tennessee has to offer—the Tennessee Valley Authority’s Watts Bar Nuclear facility. With the con-struction of Watts Bar Unit 2 now ap-proximately 98 percent complete, TVA will soon mark the 21st century’s first new American nuclear unit to come on-line. And I am so pleased, Mr. Speaker, that today The Hill newspaper has an article about this very facility. 
The project is indeed to be cele-
brated. It is a model of safety and qual-ity. The dedicated TVA employees at Watts Bar have put in a million hours of work without a lost-time accident. At the same time, they have main-tained a quality acceptance rate above 97 percent. That also should be cele-brated. Together with Watts Bar Unit 1, the complete facility will be able to power 1.3 million homes in the Ten-nessee Valley. 
Mr. Speaker, America must pursue 
an all-of-the-above energy policy that includes nuclear. Nuclear is a clean, re-sponsible option and one that strength-ens our Nation’s energy security grid. Unfortunately, though, the EPA, the Obama administration, has proposed sweeping regulations that wage a war on coal while also dismissing the bene-fits and the power of nuclear energy. 
Under the EPA’s Clean Power Plan, 
Tennessee is actually penalized for taking a leading role in providing the region and the country with a clean and reliable source of energy. When drafting the Clean Power Plan, the EPA counted the Watts Bar Unit 2 as being completed and operating at 90 percent efficiency. 
b1030 
It is not online yet, it is not com-
plete, and it is not yet helping to power homes and businesses. 
As a result, Tennessee’s emission tar-
gets under this rule are more difficult to reach because the State is not able to count the emission reductions from this cleaner plant towards its required cuts. 
Rather than recognizing TVA’s for-
ward-looking work to construct Watts Bar 2, EPA unfairly, and significantly, increased the emission reduction rate for Tennessee. 
I was sent to Congress to ensure that 
the needs of my constituents are rep-resented here in Washington. As the vice chair of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, I will continue my efforts to stop the EPA from its overreach and to stop them from im-plementing this administration’s spe-cial interest agenda, which has no re-gard for the economic impact or energy needs of the people of Tennessee. 
Mr. Speaker, this is important, and I 
want to thank the TVA team for show-ing me the Watts Bar facility and for 
allowing me to have a remarkable visit, and I encourage them in their continued good work. 
f 
SCHOOL MILK NUTRITION ACT OF 
2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I recently teamed up with Congressman J
OECOURTNEY of Con-
necticut to introduce H.R. 2407, the bi-partisan School Milk Nutrition Act of 2015. 
Between 2012 and 2014, schools across 
the country served 187 million fewer pints of milk, despite an increase in public school enrollment. Mr. Speaker, this is an alarming statistic consid-ering milk is the number one source of nine essential nutrients in young Americans’ diets and provides many significant health benefits. 
The School Milk Nutrition Act, 
which has the strong support of the International Dairy Foods Association and the National Milk Producers Fed-eration, seeks to reverse the decline of milk consumption in schools through-out Pennsylvania and across the coun-try. 
To help achieve this goal, the bill 
would reaffirm the requirement that milk is offered with each meal and also give schools the option of offering low- fat flavored milk, rather than only fat free. 
I urge my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to get behind this legislation 
and become a cosponsor of the School Milk Nutrition Act of 2015. 
THE VETERANS E -HEALTH AND TELEMEDICINE  
SUPPORT ACT OF 2015  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, with this past week being celebrated and remembering Memorial Day—Memorial Day having just passed—it is important that we con-tinue to remember and honor our fallen soldiers and the new generation of he-roes who equally deserve our respect, our gratitude, and the promise of con-tinued support. 
This is why I recently joined with 
New York Congressman C
HARLES RAN-
GEL to introduce H.R. 2516, the Vet-
erans E-Health and Telemedicine Sup-port Act of 2015. 
This bipartisan legislation would 
allow Veterans Affairs health profes-sionals, including contractors, to prac-tice telemedicine across State borders if they are qualified and practice with-in the scope of their authorized Federal duties. 
Currently, overly cumbersome loca-
tion requirements can make it difficult for veterans, especially those strug-gling with mental health issues, to get the help they need and deserve. 
Mr. Speaker, under current law, the 
VA can only waive the State license re-quirement for treatment if both the physician and the patient are located in a federally owned facility. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.005 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3649 June 2, 2015 
The Veterans E-Health and Telemedi-
cine Support Act of 2015 removes these barriers and allows the VA to provide treatment through physicians free of this restriction. Veterans will no longer be required to travel to a VA fa-cility but, rather, can receive telemedi-cine treatment from anywhere, includ-ing their home or a community center. 
Mr. Speaker, these brave men and 
women put so much on the line each and every day in service to our country that when they return home it is our shared duty to be there for these he-roes by making lifesaving resources readily available. 
This legislation will eliminate the 
multiple layers of bureaucracy, allow-ing our veterans to have greater access to mental and behavioral health serv-ices, especially in rural areas. 
I rise today and ask my colleagues in 
both parties to get behind this bipar-tisan, commonsense legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, sadly, 22 veterans com-
mit suicide every day. Let’s end that crisis. 
f 
OBAMACARE RATE HIKES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, it has now been more than 5 years since President Obama signed his landmark achievement, which he called the Affordable Care Act, into law. At that time, the President and the Democrats in Congress promised that their massive Federal takeover of our healthcare system would lower costs on American families. Afford-ability was its central selling point. 
But 5 years later, they must face the 
facts. Their law, which they forced on the American people, is a failure. 
According to yesterday’s much-an-
ticipated Congressional Budget Office reports—an independent agency—insur-ance premiums are expected to in-crease even more significantly next year than they did this year. 
One insurer in New Mexico, Blue 
Cross and Blue Shield, called for a 50 percent increase in premiums. And New Mexico is just the tip of the iceberg. Tennessee is also seeking an increase of 30 percent. 
The average West Virginia family— 
the State I am blessed to represent— pays about the same as the residents in the State of New York, which is $17,105 a year on their health insurance. That is $271 above the national average. 
We cannot pretend that the Afford-
able Care Act is anywhere close to ‘‘af-fordable.’’ ObamaCare adds taxes, regu-lations, and unfunded mandates onto the American consumers. The limited choice in health insurance plans is harming families and their budgets. 
In my district in West Virginia, there 
is only one insurance provider through the exchange. And this one plan is ask-ing for a rate increase as high as 21.6 percent. President Obama has routinely and 
blatantly forced his failed policies on the American people. According, again, to the independent Congressional Budget Office report of February 4, 2014, ObamaCare has killed 2.5 million jobs a year. 
Who are these 2.5 million Americans 
who have lost their jobs thanks to ObamaCare? They are disproportion-ately low-wage workers. The people who are hurt the most by ObamaCare are the same ones who ObamaCare was supposed to help. What we really should call it is the ‘‘Non-Affordable Care Act.’’ 
West Virginians who get their 
healthcare insurance through their work are paying some of the highest rates in the United States for pre-miums and deductibles, according to a report from The Commonwealth Fund. The 33,421 West Virginians who are cur-rently enrolled in ObamaCare cannot afford to have their rates hiked yet again. 
Many Americans are left wondering 
how much more will we have to pay each year because of the Non-Afford-able Care Act. To make matters worse, the Non-Affordable Care Act has added $1 trillion in tax increases. This is money taken out of the pockets of hard-working American families. 
The top Democrat leader here in Con-
gress famously said on March 10, 2010: ‘‘We have to pass the Affordable Care Act to find out what’s in it.’’ You should know what it is before you vote on it—come on. Well, it has been 5 years since the bill was shoved through Congress, and the American people de-serve better. 
We must halt ObamaCare’s takeover 
of the U.S. healthcare system and pass commonsense reforms that lower costs for hard-working families and expand access to health care. The State of West Virginia and the Nation need lower costs and personal control over healthcare decisions, not more Federal Government intervention. 
The budget that was recently passed 
by the House and the Senate repealed ObamaCare—including all of its taxes, regulations, and mandates—and ObamaCare’s outrageous requirement that the taking of unborn human lives be covered as so-called ‘‘health care.’’ 
Republican healthcare plans pave the 
way for patient-centered healthcare so-lutions. We need to focus on reform that will help reconnect doctors and patients and give patients better care through more options. 
The goal of patient-centered 
healthcare reform is to empower the patients. Republicans in Congress have multiple proposals to address the healthcare issue. Republicans propose increasing competition and trans-parency in the health insurance mar-ket and stopping frivolous lawsuits against doctors and hospitals. 
Americans should not be forced to 
buy into something that simply doesn’t work. The Non-Affordable Care Act does not work. The estimated premium increases that were announced yester-
day are yet another example of the failings of this bill and this President. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 40 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ARDY ) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Dear God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
There are many important issues fac-
ing our Nation—concerns about immi-gration, our national security, our per-sonal privacy, the economy, and levels of unemployment. Bless abundantly the Members of this people’s House. 
Help them to see new ways to produc-
tive service, fresh approaches to under-standing each other, especially those across the aisle, and renewed commit-ment to solving the problems facing our Nation. 
May they, and may we all, be trans-
formed by Your grace and better re-flect the sense of wonder, even joy, at the opportunities to serve that are ever before us. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.007 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3650 June 2, 2015 
CICILLINE ) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. CICILLINE led the Pledge of Al-
legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
AMERICA NEEDS A CHANGE 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, as American families con-tinue to be under attack from radical Islam, it can be credited President Obama was correct on December 14, 2011, addressing troops at Fort Bragg: ‘‘We are leaving behind a sovereign, stable, and self-reliant Iraq . . . a mo-ment of success.’’ 
Clearly, then-President George W. 
Bush’s strategy of denying mass mur-derers safe havens to kill Americans anywhere was admitted successful. I am grateful my two oldest sons served in Iraq to protect American families. 
President Obama’s failure to achieve 
a status of forces agreement in Iraq and his failure to uphold his declared red line in Syria led to murderous ad-vances of ISIL/Daesh, which he pub-licly dismissed as junior varsity. 
I hope President Obama changes 
course for victory in the global war on terrorism, which began with the dec-larations of war in 1997 against Amer-ica with a goal of death to America, death to Israel, and mass slaughter of Muslims who do not submit. 
President Obama’s legacy should be 
peace through strength, not weakness, as future attacks threaten American families. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE EXPORT-IMPORT 
BANK 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, the Ex-
port-Import Bank is a critical resource for small- and medium-sized businesses in Rhode Island’s First Congressional District and all across this country. 
In fact, over the last 8 years, the Ex- 
Im Bank has provided more than $20 million in insured shipments, guaran-teed credit, or disbursed loans for com-panies in my district, enabling them to export products valued at nearly $50 million. The Ex-Im Bank provides financing 
that enables these companies to access foreign markets, compete in the global economy, and create good-paying jobs here in America. American jobs are supported by the Ex-Im Bank, 164,000 American jobs. It generated $675 mil-lion for the taxpayers in 2014, and the default rate for the Ex-Im Bank was less than one-fifth of 1 percent, 0.175 percent. 
Support for the reauthorization of 
the Ex-Im Bank is bipartisan. 180 Democrats have signed a discharge pe-tition to force a vote on reauthorizing the Ex-Im Bank before it expires on June 30, and many Republicans have publicly supported reauthorization. 
I have had the opportunity to meet 
with companies in my district that rely on the Ex-Im Bank, companies like the Cooley Group in Pawtucket that designs, develops, and manufac-tures a diversified industry-leading portfolio of premier engineered coated fabrics used across an array of indus-trial, commercial, and military appli-cations. 
This issue is too important for the 
usual partisan politics that Wash-ington has grown used to. We need to stand up for small- and medium-sized companies and reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank before the end of this month. 
f 
ALZHEIMER’S & BRAIN 
AWARENESS MONTH 
(Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, June is 
Alzheimer’s & Brain Awareness Month. Alzheimer’s is the only top 10 cause of death in America that cannot be pre-vented or cured; however, we are mak-ing strides. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6, the 21st Century 
Cures Act, is a historic, nonpartisan bill that will help spur the develop-ment of cures and treatments more quickly to help patients with chronic or rare conditions. 
I am an original cosponsor of a provi-
sion in H.R. 6 to create a national data collection system for neurological dis-eases. Better data will pave the path toward better treatments. 
In April, I held a neurological disease 
roundtable in my district to engage with doctors and patients, including Ron Hall, a constituent and Alz-heimer’s patient. We discussed how to advance the development of treatments and cures for diseases like Alzheimer’s. 
Mr. Speaker, by working together, 
we can help Alzheimer’s patients. 
f 
WESTERN NEW YORK’S PRIDE 
WEEK 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day I joined the Pride Center of West-ern New York to celebrate the LGBTQ community and kick off Buffalo Pride 
Week. Last week Niagara Falls Mayor Paul Dyster, Councilwoman Kristen Grandinetti, and the Rainbow City Co-alition raised the rainbow flag for the first time at city hall in Niagara Falls. 
Western New York’s Pride Week 
comes at a particularly historic time. The Supreme Court is expected to rule soon on whether the Constitution guar-antees same-sex couples the right to marry. I believe that it does. I was proud to join 211 of my colleagues in Congress in filing an amicus brief urg-ing the Court to find such a right in its ruling. 
Mr. Speaker, marriage equality is 
one of the important components of a larger effort to ensure that everyone has the same basic rights as each and every American. I congratulate the Pride Center of Western New York and the Rainbow City Coalition for their community efforts this week and advo-cacy for equality each and every day, and I hope next year Pride Week will celebrate a Supreme Court decision that honors the right of all Americans to marry the person they love. 
f 
HIGHLIGHTING ACCOMPLISH-
MENTS OF TIMBERLAND SHOE COMPANY 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to highlight the significant con-tributions of a New Hampshire-based business that employs almost 1,500 peo-ple and contributes approximately $1.8 billion in economic revenue. 
For nearly 40 years, Timberland Shoe 
Company has remained a staple in the New England region business commu-nity. From what started out as a small shoe company in Boston, Timberland has grown into a worldwide leader of outdoor footwear and apparel. 
Headquartered in Exeter, New Hamp-
shire, Timberland employs over 400 Granite Staters in a variety of depart-ments such as marketing, operations, retail, administration, and more. The accomplishments of Timberland also transcend the workplace in ways where they have logged 8,300 hours of commu-nity service just in the last year. 
Mr. Speaker, giving back to the com-
munity is an important aspect of suc-cessful business, and Timberland sets a great example for what all businesses should strive for. It was a privilege to visit Timberland’s headquarters last month, and I look forward to their next 40 years in the great State of New Hampshire. 
f 
NATIONAL GUN VIOLENCE 
AWARENESS DAY 
(Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Today we 
recognize the first National Gun Vio-lence Awareness Day, and when you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.012 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3651 June 2, 2015 
look around, you will see a lot of peo-
ple wearing orange. 
This day was declared in memory of 
Hadiya Pendleton, a teen-age girl who was shot and killed in a park 2 years ago. She would have turned 18 today. Hadiya’s story is sadly familiar. For Americans under the age of 20, gun vio-lence is now the second leading cause of death. 
Mr. Speaker, in recent years, we have 
lost more children to guns here at home than we did soldiers in Iraq and Afghan. It shouldn’t be political to say that these shootings need to stop. I hope we can all agree that America’s young people deserve better. 
We owe it to Hadiya and those like 
her to come together on this issue and work to prevent future tragedies. We know that simple solutions like man-datory background checks, which a majority of Americans support, can make all the difference. 
Mr. Speaker, the situation is dire, 
and action is long overdue. I urge my colleagues to act now on sensible gun control. 
f 
SUPPORT FOR MORE BORDER 
CONTROL HITS FOUR-YEAR HIGH 
(Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a 
recent poll shows that a great majority of the American people continue to op-pose President Obama’s immigration policies. The new Rasmussen Reports national survey found that 77 percent of likely voters view illegal immigra-tion as a serious problem in America today. Just 19 percent do not. 
Most voters, 63 percent, believe that 
controlling our borders is more impor-tant than providing a legal status to those already in the country illegally. This is the highest level of support for border security since 2011. And almost three-fifths of voters think that a path-way to citizenship for illegal immi-grants will just encourage more unlaw-ful immigration. Just one-quarter dis-agree. 
As in prior polls, Mr. Speaker, a 
strong majority of voters, 62 percent, feel that the United States is not ag-gressive enough in deporting illegal immigrants. A similar percentage of voters want to use our military along our southern border to prevent unlaw-ful entries. 
It is time for the President to heed 
voters’ views on illegal immigration and to enforce immigration laws. 
f 
NATIONAL GUN VIOLENCE 
AWARENESS DAY 
(Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
today I am wearing orange in recogni-tion of the first annual National Gun Violence Awareness Day. Orange is the safety color hunters wear to alert oth-
ers of their presence, and this is the perfect color to represent safety with respect to firearms and the value of human life. 
Last week, as we honored our troops 
and celebrated Memorial Day weekend, a wave of gun violence ripped through the city of Chicago, wounding more than 50 people and killing 12. Among the victims were a 17-year-old boy, a 15-year-old girl, and a 4-year-old child. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress needs to act 
now. We can’t equip every American with an orange hunting vest, but we can surely take sensible approaches to reduce the threat of gun violence in our communities. 
This Congress, I have introduced H.R. 
224, which would require the Surgeon General to compile a report on the pub-lic health impact of gun violence. This commonsense gun bill can help us un-derstand the public health impact of gun violence and prevent future shoot-ings. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
stand with me and support common-sense legislation to curb the violence that plagues our Nation. And I want to say happy birthday, Hadiya, and happy birthday, Blair Holt. 
f 
b1215 
SUPPORT OUR NATION’S 
TRUCKERS 
(Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
Mr. Speaker, as we prepare to debate the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations bill, I stand in support of our Nation’s truck-ers. 
The trucking industry not only pro-
vides Americans with access to goods we need to use every day, but it is also critical to our Nation’s economy. 
In my home State of North Carolina, 
there are over 70,000 truckers working for more than 16,000 small businesses. 
Perhaps even more impressive is that 
86 percent of North Carolina commu-nities depend exclusively on trucks in order to transport consumer products and goods across our State. 
This industry is essential to ensure a 
growing and thriving U.S. economy and to provide crucial support to our Na-tion’s small businesses. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
the hard-working men and women of this industry who eat their dinners on the road so that we can eat ours at home. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF JOHN AND ALICIA 
NASH 
(Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in memory of Princeton University mathematician 
John Forbes Nash, Jr., and his wife, Alicia, two beloved members of the Princeton, New Jersey, community, who died tragically over the Memorial Day weekend. 
Many of us knew Dr. Nash for his 
groundbreaking, award-winning work in mathematics, his practical contribu-tions to economic theory, and his jour-ney to conquer mental illness. 
Many more learned his story through 
its passionate portrayal in ‘‘A Beau-tiful Mind.’’ 
He shared the 1994 Nobel Prize, and 
had just returned from celebrating his receipt of mathematics’ highest honor, the Abel Prize. 
A University of Chicago economist, 
Roger Myerson, described Mr. Nash’s theories as equivalent to ‘‘that of the discovery of the DNA double helix in the biological sciences.’’ 
But in New Jersey, we knew both Dr. 
Nash and Alicia Nash for their kind-ness, their humility, their devotion to the community, and the many other ways they remained so down to earth after accomplishments that drew inter-national praise and recognition. 
f 
HONORING JUAN JOSE MALO 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor Juan Jose Malo on his retirement as the president of Mi-ami’s Ecuadorian-American Chamber of Commerce. 
Juan Jose has tirelessly worked to 
help the Ecuadorian American-owned and -operated businesses in south Flor-ida to prosper, to thrive, and to grow. And he has always demonstrated his trademark diligence by enthusiasti-cally advocating on behalf of all of south Florida’s business community. 
Juan Jose’s generosity has also 
pushed the Ecuadorian-American Chamber of Commerce to undertake seven medical and humanitarian mis-sions to Ecuador and one to the Domin-ican Republic. 
Juan Jose specifically has sought to 
bring attention to the plight of the Ec-uadorian people by founding the maga-zine ‘‘Revista Remesa,’’ ensuring that our community had the latest political and economic news about Ecuador. 
Juan Jose, congratulations on your 
years of leadership. We know that you will continue your stellar work on be-half of all of south Floridians and the entire Ecuadorian American commu-nity. 
f 
AMERICA’S RED ROCK 
WILDERNESS ACT 
(Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to introduce America’s Red 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.014 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3652 June 2, 2015 
Rock Wilderness Act, a bill to des-
ignate as wilderness southern Utah’s incredible public lands, such as Desola-tion Canyon, the Dirty Devil, and the Greater Cedar Mesa. 
These wild and precious lands are our 
birthright as Americans, and they are essential to who we are as a Nation. My bill safeguards these special lands and the waters, the flora, and the fauna within them. It furthers the great American conservation ethic of John Muir, of Theodore Roosevelt, and of the many others who helped to preserve the great wild places we cannot imag-ine today living without. 
As we advance toward a cleaner econ-
omy, we must protect the $646 billion outdoor recreation economy, which employs more than 6 million people na-tionwide. None of that is possible with-out protecting our public lands. 
America’s Red Rock Wilderness Act 
would do just that. 
f 
NATIONAL GUN VIOLENCE 
AWARENESS DAY 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the first annual National Gun Violence Awareness Day. 
In just the past year, gun violence 
has killed 372 people in Los Angeles County, including 43 in my own con-gressional district and 20 in the city of Compton alone. 
My communities continue to mourn 
these victims: victims like 16-year-old Lontrell Lee Turner, who was gunned down walking home from church in Compton last December; 65-year-old Jose Padilla, the father who was shot and killed while closing up his res-taurant in Lynwood; and 72-year-old Mary Motsumoto, who was shot to death by her husband in their home in San Pedro. 
I have mourned with too many par-
ents and comforted too many children who have lost loved ones through gun violence. My communities have suf-fered through the scourge of gun vio-lence for too long. The children of my community can no longer be targets. 
Today, I am proud to stand for gun 
violence awareness and wear an orange ribbon, representing the value of human life and the efforts we must take to protect it. 
f 
MENTAL HEALTH AWARENESS 
(Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, accord-
ing to a report I read recently, serious mental health problems are declining among our children, and that is very good news. But the same report found that over half of severely troubled youth get absolutely no help at all. That is a glaring gap in our system that must be addressed today. Far too often, the only thing stand-
ing in the way of treatment is the neg-ative stigma associated with this dis-ease. The stigma of treatment and medication, the stigma of anger and in-stability, the stigma of fear of the dis-ease itself. 
At a time when there are 10 times 
more people with mental illness in jail than in State-funded psychiatric beds, we are not doing our job to help our loved ones wage this silent battle alone. 
Last month during Mental Health 
Awareness Month, we recognized and thanked organizations like the Massa-chusetts Association for Behavioral Health for their critical work to fill the gaps in our system and wipe away the stigmas that deter so many from pursuing treatment. 
f 
NATIONAL GUN VIOLENCE 
AWARENESS DAY 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today on the first National Gun Vio-lence Awareness Day. 
Gun violence is an increasingly grow-
ing problem in our country, claiming the lives of hundreds of thousands na-tionwide each year. This must be ad-dressed now. 
Gun violence has taken the lives of 
America’s men, women, and children. In 2010, nearly 3,000 infants, children, and teens died as a result of gun vio-lence. This is unacceptable. 
In my State of North Carolina, gun 
violence is rampant. According to a 2013 Center for American Progress re-port, North Carolina ranked 15th in the Nation for gun violence. From 2001 through 2010, more than 11,000 North Carolinians died as a result of gun vio-lence. These senseless crimes instill fear, pain, and insecurity in our com-munities. 
My colleagues, we must band to-
gether to repair our communities and help stop gun violence. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 2577, TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOP-MENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2578, COMMERCE, JUS-TICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by the 
direction on Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 287 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 287 
Resolved, That (a) at any time after adop-
tion of this resolution the Speaker may, pur-suant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of any bill specified in section 
2 of this resolution. The first reading of each such bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of each such bill are waived. General debate on each such bill shall be confined to that bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropria-tions. After general debate each such bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. Points of order against pro-visions in each such bill for failure to com-ply with clause 2 of rule XXI are waived. 
(b) During consideration of each such bill 
for amendment— 
(1) each amendment, other than amend-
ments provided for in paragraph (2), shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent and shall not be subject to amendment ex-cept as provided in paragraph (2); 
(2) no pro forma amendment shall be in 
order except that the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Appro-priations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate; and 
(3) the chair of the Committee of the Whole 
may accord priority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the Congressional Record des-ignated for that purpose in clause 8 of rule XVIII. Amendments so printed shall be con-sidered as read. 
(c) When the committee rises and reports 
any such bill back to the House with a rec-ommendation that the bill do pass, the pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on that bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. 
S
EC. 2. The bills referred to in the first sec-
tion of this resolution are as follows: 
(a) The bill (H.R. 2577) making appropria-
tions for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
(b) The bill (H.R. 2578) making appropria-
tions for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), my 
friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, House 
Resolution 287 provides for a modified open rule for separate consideration of H.R. 2578 and H.R. 2577. Under this rule, any Member may offer any amend-ments to the bills in question that comply with the rules of the House. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\H02JN5.REC H02JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3653 June 2, 2015 
also provides for 10 minutes of debate 
on each amendment considered. This approach has been what we call a standard rule for appropriations bills and was established and has been fol-lowed for this last year and the year before, and I believe it has been effec-tive and, really, a good way for this body to be able to effectively operate, allowing each and every Member of this body the chance to offer their amendments. 
This rule also accomplishes two im-
portant goals: 
First, it reflects the majority’s com-
mitment to an open and transparent appropriations process. This rule will also allow for all Members to bring to this body their ideas that they have that they bring from back home, per-haps ideas from their own individual constituents about how we can make this appropriations process even better. I think it is important that Members of Congress be given an opportunity to do this in the appropriations process, and that is exactly what we are trying to do today for a robust opportunity for discussion. If an amendment complies with the rules of the House, it cer-tainly will be given an up-or-down vote, if that Member chooses to do so. 
Secondly, this rule provides for rea-
sonable time constraints. It is my be-lief that if Members’ ideas are heard and the process by which we consider appropriations bills is done on a timely basis, then the House will benefit, and so will the American people, so that we work effectively and efficiently at the same time. This rule, I believe, strikes a good balance, allowing all Members an opportunity to offer necessary amendments but also allowing the House to get its work done. 
b1230 
I estimate that we will spend about 
18 hours in the process to get these bills done. Throughout this open proc-ess, the House will be able to make two great bills, I think, even better. 
Mr. Speaker, the open process by 
which these two bills will be consid-ered, if the rule is adopted, is not only a good thing, but I think it says some-thing about the work that the Rules Committee is doing. I am proud to sup-port these two underlying bills because they make tough decisions, and they prioritize the responsibilities of the Federal Government. We simply do not have enough money to spread around to not have to make tough decisions. These are tough decisions that are made. 
Yesterday, at the Rules Committee, 
both of these bills were equally ad-dressed on a bipartisan basis, and both the ranking member and the chairman of the subcommittee said they worked well together. 
Obviously, not everybody was happy 
with how much money they had to spend, but both of the ranking mem-bers—the Democrats who were present—addressed our committee and said that they were treated fairly, that they were treated respectfully, and 
that it was an open and transparent process to achieve good things for the bills. 
That is the hope that I have as we 
come to the floor today in that you will see groups of Members who will come to the floor with an open oppor-tunity as a result of what we did in the Rules Committee, knowing that the process that took place back in the Ap-propriations Committee was well done. 
Alarmingly, however, yesterday, we 
learned that President Obama has threatened to veto both of these bills because, as I quote him, they ‘‘dras-tically underfund critical invest-ments.’’ 
Let me see if I can break this down 
for you. It is our job to determine what those appropriations levels would be. We heard from the President of the United States when he presented his budget, and year after year after year, the President of the United States has failed to receive more than only sev-eral votes on his budget. 
I believe that what we have done by 
working carefully and meticulously through the budget process and through the appropriations process gives us a better angle on the needs and the priorities of these agencies from a congressional and, I believe, a ‘‘back home’’ experience. 
The people of this country elected 
their Representatives, and their Rep-resentatives have come to Washington and have had a fair and open process, notwithstanding that we are not spend-ing as much as people want us to spend. 
I believe that the President is saying 
that he will veto these bills because he does not believe that we simply con-tinue to spend more and more and more. This President has an insatiable appetite that we saw and have seen year after year after year. 
Based upon his words, I would say 
back to him: Mr. President, please look at the merits of the work that the House of Representatives is doing on a bipartisan basis. We are trying to live within the parameters of a budget that has been established and that was voted on by Members of this body, that has the vast majority of the Members of this body to say, when compared to the President’s budget, this is the budget that I believe best represents not only what we can accomplish but what will work in the best interests of the American people, our constituents. Mr. President, they are the same ones that you have across this great Nation. Mr. President, we are asking you to take a second look at how you will lis-ten to us and to watch the process that is going on here. I think it will develop itself into a better way for us to do business, and I would encourage the White House to look at that. 
Mr. Speaker, a great nation simply 
cannot spend money that it does not have and be a great nation for very long. This last month, we crossed over the terrible, terrible threshold of going from $17 trillion to $18 trillion in debt, 
and we continue to add up this debt and live off that debt and add to the debt with the spending that we do. We believe that what we have got to do is become more responsible with the tax-payers’ dollars and the future of this great Nation. 
The law of the land and the law that 
the President has signed requires Con-gress to act within the requirements of the Budget Control Act. These were agreements that were made with the President. That is what we are sticking to, and that is what these bills do; yet the President, once again, is telling us: Please set aside the agreement that was made. I don’t now like the thing that I agreed to, that I signed into law. 
In some instances, they were some of 
the President’s own ideas. 
We need to understand that the 
American people want and expect us to see problems and to solve them and to stick to it. That is what this budget process is about, and that is exactly what this appropriations process is about. 
Look, I disagree with the President. I 
believe that what we need to do is to live within the agreement of the Budg-et Control Act. My party, the Repub-licans, have worked to lower discre-tionary spending from nearly $1.5 tril-lion in 2009, where we were, to today in 2015, $1.014 trillion. 
That is the difference between 2009 
and 2015, years in which excessive and out-of-control spending could have taken place but for the discipline of the Republican Party and the discipline of our Members and, might I say, of the American people, who have heard our call for having a plan, a plan which carefully moves America into the fu-ture, that lessens the amount of debt the American people have to take on, and that makes better opportunities for our children and grandchildren not to have to pay back our excessive spending just because we are a group of people who thinks it is smarter than the people back home. We aren’t. 
They get also, Mr. Speaker, that we 
have to have a defined goal. We have to do exactly what they do back home, and that is to be responsible about a family budget, about a State budget, about a Federal Government budget. 
That means disciplined account-
ability and a plan that you are willing to stick to. That is exactly what we have done. We have worked hard to lower discretionary spending over these years, and the effort has saved more than $2 trillion over this period of time and, I believe, over what would have been spent. 
I think this is a big win for the 
American people, and I think it is a big win for people who want, need, and ex-pect Members of Congress to come to Washington and stick not only to a plan, but to a disciplined approach in trying to balance together the needs of this great Nation and its people and the need for us to look over the horizon at what our future would be. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.017 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3654 June 2, 2015 
I think that we have lowered spend-
ing and that we have had a chance to shrink the size of government. Cer-tainly, what we are trying to do is to work at lowering the deficit or the amount of money that would have been added to that deficit. These are the dis-cussions that people back home have with their Members of Congress: What lies ahead? And how are you going to 
be able to make tough decisions? 
I hope that the President of the 
United States is listening to this be-cause we are, on a bipartisan basis, 
having these same discussions in the House of Representatives and in the committees on which our Members serve. Now is the time not to go back to liberal, reckless spending opportuni-ties. They will always abound. 
It is always easier to spend somebody 
else’s money. I just don’t think it is right, so the Republican Party is here on the floor today with two more ap-propriations bills, and it is going to sell to the American people the con-fidence that we have that we can make this government work more effectively and more efficiently—yes, with fewer dollars but with greater opportunities for efficiency. 
I believe that both of these bills 
strike what is a balance, a balance be-tween funding critical projects while making smart financial decisions. These two can be accomplished, and that is why we are trying to work to-gether to prioritize it. 
H.R. 2578, the Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act of 2016, focuses on the true governmental interest: fighting crime; making decisions about how we keep terrorists at bay; keeping the American people safe; and supporting the U.S. economy at the same time by making critical investments in science, space, exports, and manufacturing. Certainly, in tough economic times, tough decisions are required, and that is exactly where we are. 
Yesterday, we had a chance to hear 
from two Members of Congress—Repub-licans—one of them, the gentleman from Houston, Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ), 
the subcommittee chairman. He talked about the bill reflecting smart but fair decisions. The decisions that he spoke about were that the legislation pro-vided $51.4 billion in total discre-tionary, which was $661 million below the President’s request. 
H.R. 2578 also prioritizes vital pro-
grams that are, essentially, built around law enforcement—Federal law enforcement—and their ability to aim at the problems that our citizens see and that, certainly, our law enforce-ment sees and to put a priority on na-tional security and public safety and initiatives that also aim for job cre-ation and economic growth. These are part of the priorities that have to be taken up, and, in fact, they were. 
The second bill, H.R. 2577, the Trans-
portation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act of 2016, I believe, similarly had many of the same characteristics. First of all, they are going to stick to 
exactly what we talked about in the budget, and they are going to have to strike a balance—a tough balance—but one which is based on the priorities of essential programs and on making re-sponsible reductions to low-priority ac-tivities. 
This bill provides $55.3 billion in dis-
cretionary funding, which is $9.7 billion below what the President wanted. Once again, the President does not want to stick to the budget agreement—an agreement which he signed into law— but that is what this body is going to do. 
We are going to live within the law, 
and living within the law is what the American people expect as part of the plan. This bill allows for important in-vestments in national transportation infrastructure, including investments in our national highways, railways, and airports. It also provides help to people who are in dire need of afford-able housing options. 
Mr. Speaker, I learned a long time 
ago, when I became a scoutmaster for the Boy Scouts of America, that needs always outpace resources. Needs are al-ways out there, and they are something that you just simply want to continue to be a part of, but money is not al-ways the answer. 
Sometimes, a prioritization of the 
needs that you have to meet will then define you to a better process, one which people can then better under-stand. That is what we are doing here today. 
Like most Members, who will have 
an opportunity as a result of the work that we did last night in the Rules Committee, I have ideas that, I think, can help improve H.R. 2577. One of those ideas, I have brought to the floor many, many times in a bill; and during the debate on funding, I think I will have good ideas that will help make our country stronger—in this case, make transportation stronger. 
It became clear to me a number of 
years ago that government subsidized rail service on Amtrak does not make economic sense. What we have looked at is that Amtrak takes money. Years and years and years ago, they agreed that they would quit taking govern-ment subsidies and would run the rail-road as an east and west operation. 
Instead, what did they do? They be-
came a cross-country hauler. Every single long-distance route that Amtrak provides—those of more than 400 miles in length—operate at a loss every sin-gle month. There are 11 routes that cost double the amount of revenue that they create. That is why I have offered two important opportunities, which were amendments, to eliminate this. 
The first would eliminate the funding 
for Amtrak’s long-distance routes, which have a total direct cost of more than twice the revenue. That means, if the cost is twice the revenue, then it would be eliminated. 
The second would eliminate the fund-
ing for Amtrak’s worst performing line, the Sunset Limited. The Sunset 
Limited, which is an east-west and west-east operation is subsidized for every single ticket and for every single train by over $400 in government sub-sidies, a loss totalling $41.9 million last year alone. 
b1245 
Mr. Speaker, these are just some of 
the ideas. Mr. Speaker, you will be hearing about lots of them over the next 18-some hours of debate that will take place. This is a good thing about this rule. Members just like myself will have a chance to come and put their ideas as opportunities on the floor for other Members to consider. I think that is why we are here today, to work together on a process that will make our country even stronger. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Texas, the chair of the Committee on Rules and my friend, for yielding the customary 30 minutes for debate. 
I yield myself such time as I may 
consume, and I rise today in opposition to the rule and underlying bill. 
Mr. Speaker, this rule provides for 
consideration of both H.R. 2578, the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, as well as H.R. 2577, the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. Both, in my opinion, are woefully inad-equate and underfunded pieces of legis-lation that serve as a slap in the face to hard-working Americans and a re-minder of my Republican colleagues’ shortsighted and irresponsible attempt at achieving a balanced budget. 
Last night, in his testimony before 
the Committee on Rules on H.R. 2577, Ranking Member D
AVID PRICE made a 
statement that was not only profound but incredibly accurate. He responded to Republican sentiments that slashing domestic appropriations in isolation is a necessary evil by stating that ‘‘a great nation must invest in its future.’’ 
Indeed, the importance of this invest-
ment cannot be overstated. For too long, we have forced austerity meas-ures upon appropriators that prevent the funding of programs that create jobs; bolster our economy; repair and improve our Nation’s decrepit high-ways, transit systems, and infrastruc-ture; that fund medical research; and provide safe, decent, and affordable housing for poor and vulnerable fami-lies, the elderly, and disabled. 
It both saddens and frustrates me 
that my Republican friends continue to go after domestic programs that would unequivocally improve the lives of so many Americans while at the same time refusing to address the real driv-ers of the fiscal crisis, which are tax expenditures and mandatory spending. 
It is unconscionable to me that we, 
as a nation, cannot come up with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.018 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3655 June 2, 2015 
money to fund projects that repair and 
improve our country’s transportation infrastructure. I pointed out yesterday in the Committee on Rules that aside from all of the bridges that I talked about from Florida that are in need of repair, right here in Washington, the Memorial Bridge that leads from Vir-ginia into this city is in need of repair. 
The initiative that provides grants to 
local law enforcement and first re-sponders would also improve in our country. But we provide ourselves with an unlimited budget to fight foreign wars without a mechanism to pay for those costs. Enough already, Congress. How about an authorization for the use of force rather than the methods that are employed now for ongoing, undeter-mined, indefinite—it appears—wars? 
The solution to our current fiscal cir-
cumstances lies not in withholding of necessary funding for essential domes-tic programs, but in comprehensive re-form that considers—yes, considers— tax increases in addition to entitle-ment and appropriations cuts. That is how we balanced the budget in 1994 and to a relative degree in 1997, and we had, at that time, 4 years of balanced budg-ets. Adherence to these Republican budget limits self-imposed by seques-tration is ineffective, detrimental to our national progress, and just plain wrong. 
The Commerce, Justice, Science Ap-
propriations measure before us today is the instrument used to provide funding for many vital programs and agencies, such as the Department of Justice, Commerce, NASA, and the National Science Foundation. Despite the im-portance of fully funding these agen-cies, this bill is a prime example of the mindless austerity of sequestration and the misguided priorities of my Repub-lican colleagues. 
Time won’t permit to add context to 
how we got to sequestration, and my friend from Texas, the chairman of the Committee on Rules, is absolutely cor-rect. The President did sign this meas-ure, but that was at the instance of an awful lot of negotiations and the gov-ernment being shut down. 
I don’t stand here and point fingers 
at either side in this regard. I said yes-terday in the Committee on Rules, and I repeat here, it is the fault of 435 vot-ing Members of Congress that we allow for this measure to put us in the posi-tion that we are in on these two meas-ures as well as others to come. 
For example, this bill fails to ade-
quately fund several Department of Justice grant programs and outright eliminates others, programs and fund-ing that are critical to many State and local law enforcement activities. Spe-cifically, the bill cuts $180 million from the Community Oriented Policing Services hiring program. This effec-tively eliminates a program that would put an additional 1,300 police officers on the streets. At a time when the rela-tionship between many of our commu-nities and law enforcement is strained, why are we decimating a program dedi-cated to building trust and mutual re-
spect between the police and the com-munities they serve? 
In another startling policy decision 
by the majority, this bill eliminates, in its entirety, several other important programs, including the substance abuse program. 
I come to the floor today from a 
meeting this morning dealing with in-stitutions for mental disease in which the community of persons who work in substance abuse, addiction, and mental health are pleading for the changes necessary for them to be able to ad-dress the significant problem that our population faces from veterans, to ci-vilians, to children, and to the elderly, and yet what we did in this measure is eliminate the Substance Abuse Treat-ment program. 
We eliminate the Violent Gang and 
Gun Crime Reduction initiative at a time when we are witnessing, in our Nation, serious gun violence, and many of us today are about the business of trying to highlight, at least on this one day, the epidemic of gun violence in our society and how it has cost lives and treasure. 
This program, as offered, eliminates 
the National Center for Campus Public Safety. 
Perhaps the most indicative of the 
misplaced funding priorities by the ma-jority is the gun policy rider—yep, yep, a rider, not part of this bill, just kind of tacked on like we tacked on some-thing having to do with Cuba. We just tack these riders on, and this has been attached to this legislation. 
Not only has the majority com-
pletely eviscerated important violence and gun crime reduction programs, they have attached a policy rider that cancels out a narrow, targeted report-ing requirement on the sale of certain long guns sold in four border States. The purpose of this requirement is to discourage straw purchasers from buy-ing weapons for Mexican drug cartels. This reporting requirement has been proven to be effective. Courts agreed that it does not restrict Second Amendment rights, so why is the ma-jority including this irresponsible gun rider in a bill that largely funds public safety? The irony of this provision should not be lost on any of us. 
Finally, in addition to cutting fund-
ing to important public safety pro-grams, this bill showcases my Repub-lican colleagues’ remarkable ability to bury their heads in the sand when it comes to climate change, employing their ill-conceived strategy of defunding any program that might help us understand and address this impor-tant issue. This legislation inten-tionally underfunds the Geosciences di-rectorate at the National Science Foundation and the Earth Science Of-fice at NASA, where scientists are studying the most effective ways to re-spond to climate change. 
The second bill, H.R. 2577, provides 
$55.3 billion in discretionary funding for transportation and housing pro-grams for fiscal year 2016. While this 
allocation appears to be an increase from fiscal year 2015, after inflationary adjustments, including declining Fed-eral Housing Administration receipts and increasing Section 8 renewal costs, this bill actually designates $1.5 billion less than last year’s enacted level. 
The shortcomings of this piece of leg-
islation are so numerous that I would far exceed the time allotted to me if I were to attempt to discuss them all. Instead, I will just graze the surface by addressing just a few of the most egre-gious provisions. 
This bill reduces funding for Amtrak 
by 18 percent from last year’s level and $1.3 billion below the President’s re-quest. This reduction eliminates fund-ing for positive train control, a tech-nology that the Transportation Safety Board has stated publicly may have prevented last month’s tragic Amtrak derailment in Philadelphia, and pro-vides no funding for intercity pas-senger rail or the installation of addi-tional safety mechanisms. 
It also slashes funding for the Fed-
eral Transit Administration’s Capital Investment Grant program, cuts TIGER funding by $400 million—it does have a placeholder for something that may take place in the future—and it reduces the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration’s capital program, which im-pedes the FAA’s ability to implement its NextGen program as well as main-tain and improve aging facilities. 
In addition to its funding inadequa-
cies, as has become custom under Re-publican leadership, this bill offers up legislative handouts to the trucking in-dustry and other powerful interests at the expense of the safety of our con-stituents. Specifically, it is going to 
allow trucks to carry longer trailers across the country, make it harder for the Department of Transportation to mandate that drivers get more rest be-fore they hit the road, and forbid the Department from raising the minimum insurance it requires trucks and buses to carry. 
I wonder if we ever really talk to 
truckers and really ask them do they want to carry trains on roads—that is what it amounts to—and do they need the rest that they have requested for years. None of us are against the trucking industry, but these measures allow for something that should not occur. The latest data which is avail-able shows that nearly 4,000 people died in accidents involving large trucks. 
b1300 
Last week, there were no less than 
three in the constituency I serve, in-cluding a 17-year-old extremely bright young girl who lost her life at the in-stance of a trucking incident. 
Most of these 4,000 people were riding 
in another vehicle or were pedestrians. That is a 17 percent increase from the year 2009. 
These provisions will make our high-
ways less safe and do not belong in an appropriations bill. Trucking regula-tions should be openly debated as part 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.020 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3656 June 2, 2015 
of a comprehensive surface transpor-
tation bill, which, incidentally, we have been assured is on the horizon. 
Currently, one out of every nine 
bridges in our country is structurally deficient, and congestion has never been worse. At the same time, our pop-ulation is expected to grow by 70 mil-lion over the next 30 years. Knowing this, we must not continue to wait for our bridges to collapse, our public tran-sit systems to malfunction, and our highways to deteriorate before we agree to provide adequate funding. 
Just as it does for transportation and 
infrastructure initiatives, H.R. 2577 makes dramatic cuts to funding for housing support programs for poor and vulnerable individuals and families. One of the most striking of these re-ductions is the one levied against the public housing capital fund, making it only slightly higher than the monetary amount allocated in 1989, without ac-counting for inflation. 
I held a housing forum on Saturday 
in the congressional district that I am privileged to serve, and I saw the pain that was expressed by the people in long waiting lines for section 8 housing and in the deteriorating public housing that is in that 30-year at-risk period. It just pains me even to talk about it and then to come up here and in this very week do more, if we follow our Repub-lican friends, to cut these programs. 
This bill also reduces funding for the 
Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment’s Choice Neighborhoods ini-tiative. It slashes funding for Healthy Homes and lead hazard control grants, exposing the most underprivileged chil-dren to toxic lead poisoning. 
It transfers money from the housing 
trust fund to fund the HOME program, taking funding away from a program which is reserved for the most eco-nomically disadvantaged and in the most need of assistance, and does noth-ing to increase access to safe and af-fordable housing for the elderly or dis-abled. 
In short, this legislation undermines 
the continued viability of our Nation’s infrastructure and threatens our coun-try’s economic competitiveness. 
I fear that without these necessary 
investments in transportation, hous-ing, science, commerce, and justice programs, the negative implication of Representative P
RICE’s statement will 
become a reality. We will fail to re-main a great Nation because we will fail to accommodate the demands of the future. 
For these very important reasons, 
and many more that I could express, I oppose both the rule and the under-lying bills, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I know that I see one of our col-
leagues from the Rules Committee who wants to come speak, but I want to take just a second and respond in kind for my party, and that is that my party does recognize that there is much that does get accomplished because of the 
efforts of this government and the ef-forts of this Congress that fund good ideas and do things. 
A number of years ago, we became 
faced with, however, a circumstance where what lies in our immediate fu-ture is too much spending, which means that this country has to borrow money. It is money that needs to be paid back. 
But in the process of taking money, 
setting priorities, and spending money, there also is something called interest on the debt. And that is, if money were free and you could just borrow money but not pay interest for it, I am sure we would not mind how much we bor-rowed. 
But the bottom line is that is not the 
reality. The reality is that we have to pay for money that we borrow. And that debt which we have to pay money back for means that every single year the amount of money that we pay and that comes out of the pot of money gets larger and larger and larger. And paying back debt competes against money that we can spend on behalf of people. 
And so, at some point, if you just buy 
off on that we have got to spend more and more and more, that means that we have to take more as debt and pay more of interest. And that competes in a marketplace, in a budget, against projects that we would like to do and that do actually help people and that do focus on the most needy and the most vulnerable in our society. 
But we are spending, Mr. Speaker, an 
incredible amount of money. And we are trying to learn over time how to become more efficient, how to make our cities even better, how to create jobs, and how to educate people and to bring them forth in a mature way. That is what every great nation really will be ultimately charged with: how can you make your country better not just today, but for the future. 
And so Republicans do stand for not 
spending more than what we make so that we have more that we can make in a balanced budget today and spend in a way that creates a better future for our children and grandchildren. 
The bottom line is, over the last 6 
years, we have gone from a debt of $9 trillion to $18 trillion. Some could say that was while we slept, but that is not true. It happened while we were trying to offer better opportunities and re-solve. 
So, for the last 5 years, Republicans 
have said we are going to quit this run-away spending, we are going to make tough decisions, and we are going to protect this great Nation at the same time. But we are asking for the Amer-ican people to also recognize what we are doing, Mr. Speaker. And just as I speak to you today, I speak to people back home, as other Members of Con-gress do to their constituents, and say we are trying to balance what we do over time with the efficiencies that keep this great Nation great. I will be honest with you. We live in 
the greatest Nation in the world. And thank God we are Americans. We trust in God, but we also trust in discipline to make this great Nation even better. And that is what appropriations bills are about: priority, making this great Nation still great tomorrow with dis-cipline. And discipline has a lot to do with our ability to be a great Nation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, may I 
inquire how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Florida has 12 minutes re-maining, and the gentleman from Texas has 7 minutes remaining. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Before making my remarks, I just 
want to say in a challenging way to the chairman of the Rules Committee that if we were to fix a bridge, it takes peo-ple to fix that bridge. And the people who fix that bridge spend their money in the local areas and pay taxes, which brings revenue back in. And that is why we need to fix bridges, in my judg-ment. 
I am pleased at this time to yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), my good friend with whom 
it is a pleasure to serve with on the Rules Committee. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I thank the gen-
tleman from Florida for yielding, and I want to associate myself with his re-marks. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong 
opposition to this rule, which provides for consideration of the Transpor-tation-HUD and CJS appropriations bills. 
First, let me express my astonish-
ment at the big giveaways to the trucking industry in this Transpor-tation-HUD bill. This bill is loaded up with pet projects of the trucking indus-try that threaten the health and safety of the traveling public. 
The lack of regard for the safety and 
well-being of those on the roads and bridges is stunning. It is hard to be-lieve that some of the provisions that are contained as policy riders in these appropriations bills are actually there. 
This bill should focus on strength-
ening America’s infrastructure, repair-ing crumbling bridges, investing in public transportation, and making our roads safer, but instead puts the truck-ing industry in the driving seat, leav-ing the average American left behind. 
The bill would, one, increase truck 
weights in Idaho and Kansas; two, allow twin 33-foot trailers on inter-states; three, delay full implementa-tion of DOT’s hours of service rule, which requires minimum rest periods for truckers; and, four, prohibit the De-partment of Transportation from in-creasing minimum insurance require-ments for big trucks and motor coach-es. 
Mr. Speaker, with all that we know, 
it is simply outrageous that we would allow bigger and heavier trucks on our highways. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.022 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3657 June 2, 2015 
Today’s bill is intended specifically 
to appropriate funds, not authorize new policy. Yet this is exactly what these policy riders are doing. They don’t be-long on this bill. 
Furthermore, there was not a single 
hearing on these trucking riders: not one subcommittee hearing, not one full committee hearing. These issues are important enough where they should be openly debated as part of a com-prehensive surface transportation au-thorization bill, not tacked on to an appropriations bill. They don’t belong here. But this process has become so corrupted that anything goes. Commit-tees of jurisdiction are routinely dis-regarded and disrespected. 
Making these controversial policy 
changes before the Department of Transportation finishes their com-prehensive truck size and weight study that was required by MAP–21 would be irresponsible. We should allow the De-partment of Transportation the time it needs to get their study right. 
Simply put, these trucking industry 
riders will make our highways less safe at a time when our infrastructure fund-ing is woefully inadequate and our roads and bridges are crumbling. 
In just the past 4 years, we have seen 
a dramatic 17 percent increase in the number of truck crash deaths and an alarming 28 percent increase in inju-ries. Instead of advancing safety meas-ures to make our roads safer, Congress is about to roll back significant safety laws and regulations that will result in more deaths and more injuries on our roads and highways. In fatal truck and car crashes, 96 percent of the fatalities are occupants of the passenger car. 
Mr. Speaker, public opinion is clear: 
Americans do not want bigger trucks or tired truck drivers on the road. Sev-enty-six percent of Americans opposed longer and heavier trucks, and 80 per-cent were opposed to increasing truck driver working and driving hours. 
Yet here we are with authorizing lan-
guage on an appropriations bill to make our roads less safe. Why are my friends doing this? It might be good policy for fundraising purposes, but it is lousy policy for the American peo-ple. 
These dangerous riders don’t belong 
here. They threaten the safety of ev-eryday Americans on the road, and we ought to insist that they be removed. 
Mr. Speaker, I also wish to express 
my concern about the dangerous and backward-thinking riders that are in-cluded in both the CJS and Transpor-tation-HUD Appropriations bills re-garding Cuba. 
Obviously, there are several Members 
here in this House who are nostalgic for the cold war, who are still living in the past. I just want to say, thanks to the leadership of President Obama and this administration, we are making real progress in normalizing relations with Cuba and connecting them with a 21st century economy. We are ending an embarrassing, dumb, and counter-productive policy that by all accounts has been a miserable failure for the 
last five decades. 
In 2011, after President Obama rein-
stated the rules allowing Cuban Ameri-cans to visit their relatives on the is-land and permitting all Americans to send remittances to Cuba, hard-liners used the appropriations process to pre-vent the policies from being imple-mented. Thankfully, Senate Democrats kept the hard-liners’ provisions out of the omnibus bill, and legislation re-versing the modest but hopeful travel and remittance reforms never reached the President’s desk. 
b1315 
As a result, hundreds of thousands of 
trips between the U.S. and Cuba have taken place every year since, reuniting families and increasing the number of Cubans receiving the economic support they need to run their own businesses and lead more independent lives. 
Instead of celebrating the progress, 
hard-liners are once again trying to shut down the new openings for greater citizen diplomacy created by this ad-ministration. This is the wrong thing to do for America; this is the wrong thing to do for American companies, and it is the wrong thing to do for the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, for the first time in six 
decades, the United States Government is encouraging citizen diplomacy, greater travel and trade, and tele-communications and other industries to build relationships and stronger ties with counterparts among the Cuban people and new entrepreneurs. 
American businesses are already see-
ing the potential for economic growth. That is why JetBlue and other airlines are expanding charter services and planning commercial routes, why ferry companies are planning to set sail for Havana, why Airbnb and Netflix are hoping to build real businesses in the Cuban market, why Governors in red and blue States alike are trying to po-sition companies in their States to suc-ceed. 
The provisions in these bills are 
antibusiness. Airlines and maritime businesses have already taken steps to initiate travel service to and from Cuba based on the administration’s De-cember 17, 2014, announcement, and these provisions in these bills will block them. 
Even the United States Chamber of 
Commerce strongly opposes these pro-visions, and they have sent a letter to Congress basically making the case why we ought to have better and more open travel and trade with Cuba. 
It is why Americans across the coun-
try and Cuban Americans in commu-nities where they live are so deeply committed to a policy that puts the cold war behind us and puts our coun-try on a path to creating a new and brighter future with Cuba. 
Simply put, these provisions in these 
appropriations bills are trying to pull the plug on new efforts by U.S. citizens and U.S. companies to expand their presence in Cuba. As the policy moves 
forward, they keep trying to pull us back into the cold war and a policy that has failed for over 50 years. 
Let’s be clear. The Transportation- 
HUD Appropriations bill would ground new commercial or charter flights that came into being after March 15, 2015. JetBlue and Tampa International Air-port are just two beneficiaries of the President’s new policy who would be adversely affected. 
With new ferries leaving port, as 
much as $340 million would be pumped into Florida’s economy. These provi-sions would hold back that economic growth, hurting American businesses in Fort Lauderdale, Tampa, Orlando, and Miami. 
Mr. Speaker, the CJS bill would shut 
down U.S. exports to Cuba in ways that will affect telecommunications firms now in negotiations to open up phone and Internet connections on the island. 
Do we want Cubans to be better con-
nected to the outside world? I thought the answer was a huge bipartisan yes, but apparently not. The ugly truth is that these provisions in these bills are hiding their real intent, and that is to shut down the growing connections be-tween Cuba and the United States and our citizens and U.S. companies. 
Mr. Speaker, I would just say to my 
colleagues that these provisions, first of all, do not belong in appropriations bills. They are authorizing language. They don’t belong even in this debate. 
I would suggest to them that these 
appropriations bills aren’t going to see the light of day as long as these provi-sions are in this bill. I would urge my colleagues to put the cold war behind them and to get rid of these provisions, and let’s move on to a better and more productive relationship. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, the 
beautiful part about these last two speakers is that the rule allows them to come to the floor and to present an amendment to strike or to add any-thing that they would like to add into this bill. That is the beauty of what we are trying to do here today, Mr. Speak-er. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
30 seconds to the gentleman from Mas-sachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ). 
Mr. M CGOVERN. I would just re-
spond to the chairman by saying the thing about this rule that is so frus-trating is that important amendments are only given 10 minutes of debate, 5 minutes on each side. Some of these issues are important and deserve more than 5 minutes of debate. 
We are not going to have debates. We 
are going to offer amendments and then, essentially, vote. I am not so ex-cited about the way this rule has been constructed, especially given the fact that very little time is being allotted to discuss some of these important issues. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I would 
ask that you ask my good friend, the chairman of the Rules Committee, if he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.023 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3658 June 2, 2015 
is ready to close. I have no additional 
speakers at this time. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the gentleman asking. I have no further speakers and, in fact, would, as we have done many times, allow the gentleman to offer his close, and then I would also. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
These bills exemplify the reckless-
ness and the foolishness of the major-ity’s almost exclusive focus on domes-tic appropriations for deficit reduction, while leaving the main drivers of the deficit unaddressed. We cannot con-tinue on this path if we intend to main-tain our country’s economic competi-tiveness. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the rule and underlying bills, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank my two colleagues who serve on the Rules Committee, the gen-tleman Mr. M
CGOVERN and the gen-
tleman Mr. H ASTINGS . 
They are both not only extremely 
committed men to their constituency, but also to bettering this House of Rep-resentatives. Their voice and their words and their opportunities of which they stand up for, I have great respect for, and want to thank them for the character in which they have come after today’s not only debate, but yes-terday’s debate that took a number of hours as we heard from four Members of this body about their ideas about how we should pursue these two appro-priations bills today. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to confine my 
comments to a perspective, and that is satisfaction that I have for the way in which this process is working today. I understand, as acknowledged in the very beginning, we have an issue with how much money we are going to spend. 
I recognize we are back at 2008 levels 
in 2015 in most of these bills. I do ac-
knowledge that. I do acknowledge that we are asking—requiring—on govern-ment a chance to run their agencies— spend money back at 2008 spending lev-els. 
I think that the process that we are 
going through will also be an advan-tage ultimately, sure, in the short- term, but ultimately, where we will look at this as a prioritization basis, where we will empower the govern-ment, if they work with us and if we work with them, to understand how we can keep this country great—even spending less money—how we can con-tinue to prioritize the decisionmaking to where we can pick and choose what needs to be done. 
Look, it doesn’t make me happy. It 
makes no Member of this body happy. Certainly, the Speaker, the gentleman from Florida, would recognize—you have needs in your district. I do, from Dallas, Texas, have needs in my imme-diate district and districts that are around. 
The overwhelming need is all of us— 
and that is not to spend more than we can say and justify for our future be-
cause the dollars that we spend are borrowed. The dollars that we borrow and spend show up on our bottom-line debt, and it impacts everybody. 
The bottom line is we have to pay 
back interest on that money, just like any family that takes out money on a home loan or a credit card or some-thing else. They have to be able to un-derstand that takes away because they are paying for that, their ability to spend money in a different way. 
Our Republican majority is well 
aware of the demand that is placed on us, that we cannot go and do all the things that we would wish to do, but we have accepted and taken a pledge that we have given to the American people that they do get an under-standing—that is we are not going to 
keep in the circumstance of spending money based upon taking out a loan because it is not good for our children, our grandchildren. It is not good for our future. 
Mr. Speaker, today, we have had a 
chance to debate these two bills in this one rule. I think, once again, as I stat-ed earlier, it is a commitment to trans-parency and openness that this body has and every Member retains here on the floor. You saw part of it today. 
Through this open modified rule, 
each Member will have the opportunity to submit their ideas to two underlying bills, H.R. 2578 and H.R. 2577. Through this rule, the House will be able to work its way through majority rule floor votes and to make sure that the vital appropriations process is vig-orous, is timely, and reflects the will of this body. 
When this rule is adopted, a robust 
debate will take place in a way that will allow us to fund these important measures, over $100 billion. 
I think that, as we talk about this, 
you can see, Mr. Speaker, that this body is getting its work done. It is get-ting its work done. We passed a budget. We will pass the appropriations bills. 
We go home every weekend; we look 
our constituents in the eye, and we have to justify what we are doing. We are following a process that we said we would do. It is for the betterment of this country, to keep this country strong. 
I am proud of the Members of this 
body; and, as a Republican member of our leadership team, I can tell you that we intend to follow through with the process, the promise that we make to the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the 
underlying bills, for this rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time, 
and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
J
OLLY ). The question is on the resolu-
tion. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on adoption of this resolu-tion will be followed by a 5-minute vote on approval of the Journal. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 242, nays 180, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 268] 
YEAS—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek 
Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) 
Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.024 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3659 June 2, 2015 
NAYS—180 
Aguilar 
Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Adams Clyburn Delaney Fitzpatrick Hudson 
Jackson Lee Lujan Grisham 
(NM) Neugebauer 
Roe (TN) Yoho 
b1353 
Mr. BILIRAKIS changed his vote 
from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 240, nays 170, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 20, as follows: [Roll No. 269] 
YEAS—240 
Abraham 
Allen Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Cooper Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
Gabbard Gallego Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Grothman Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Himes Hinojosa Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kennedy King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Noem 
Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Pelosi Perlmutter Pocan Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thornberry Tipton Titus Trott Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Wagner Walden Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—170 
Aderholt 
Aguilar Amash Bass Benishek Bera Beyer Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) 
Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Clarke (NY) 
Clawson (FL) Cleaver Coffman Collins (GA) Connolly Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham 
DeSantis Dingell Dold Duffy Ellison Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fleming Flores Foxx Fudge Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Hanna Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Honda Hoyer Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Israel Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind 
Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Lance Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Love Lowenthal MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean McDermott McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Miller (FL) Moore Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Neal Nolan Norcross Palazzo Pallone Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond 
Rigell Rogers (AL) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Rouzer Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Stivers Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Torres Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walker Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Wittman Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Gohmert Tonko 
NOT VOTING—20 
Adams 
Amodei Clyburn Delaney DesJarlais Fitzpatrick Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hudson 
Jackson Lee Kildee Lamborn Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Messer Neugebauer Pascrell 
Pingree Pitts Roe (TN) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
b1401 
So the Journal was approved. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I was 
unable to vote today because of the death of a close friend. Had I been present, I would have voted: rollcall No. 268—‘‘yea;’’ rollcall No. 269—‘‘yea.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unable 
to cast my vote on rollcalls Nos. 265 through 269. 
Had I been present to vote on rollcall No. 
265, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
Had I been present to vote on rollcall No. 
266, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Had I been present to vote on rollcall No. 
267, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
On this bill, H.R. 1335, I want to emphasize 
that I oppose this legislation because it would roll back the progress we’ve made in pro-tecting fisheries, damaging our environment and economy, especially in the Chesapeake Bay. 
Had I been present to vote on rollcall No. 
268, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
Had I been present to vote on rollcall No. 
269, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.003 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3660 June 2, 2015 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 1994 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to withdraw myself as a cosponsor of H.R. 1994. While I strongly support our American vet-erans, I am concerned about permanent changes to hard-won labor agreements. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. 
f 
COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 2578, and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 287 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2578. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) to 
preside over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1403 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2578) making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. M
OON-
EYof West Virginia in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UL-
BERSON ) and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. F ATTAH ) each will con-
trol 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Today, I am very pleased to present 
to the House the fiscal year 2016 Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill with my colleague, Mr. C
HAKA FATTAH of Penn-
sylvania. 
I would like to begin by thanking my 
ranking member C HAKA FATTAH of 
Pennsylvania. It has been a pleasure to work with him. We have worked to-gether closely on this legislation. I ap-preciate Mr. F
ATTAH ’s approach to the 
bill. His input has improved the bill considerably. I look forward to work-
ing with him and all the members of the subcommittee as we move forward and go into conference with the Senate on this important legislation. I also want to thank Chairman H
ALROGERS  
of Kentucky and Ranking Member N
ITALOWEY of New York for their help 
in putting this legislation together. 
This is my first year chairing the 
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies Subcommittee. It is an extraordinarily important committee that oversees so many noble and worthwhile efforts that the Federal Government is engaged, both in pre-serving and protecting lives and prop-erty of the American people and ad-vancing scientific research and space exploration. 
I am especially grateful to Chairman 
H
ALROGERS for his trust in me in this 
extraordinarily important assignment. I want to thank him also for his gen-erous allocation to this subcommittee. As the Congress under the Republican leadership has done our very best to live within our means, as every Amer-ican must do, every business and every private citizen knows how important it is to only spend the money that you have on hand. Don’t spend more than you have got. We have in this Repub-lican Congress done our very best through the appropriations process to live within our means. 
Our subcommittee has—with that in 
mind, I am a personal follower of Dave Ramsey’s advice. I do so in my per-sonal life and try to do so in rep-resenting the people of west Houston— don’t spend more money than you have got, and the money you have got you want to prioritize—and we have in this subcommittee prioritized the many agencies that we have responsibility for. In priority order, we have ap-proached it with law enforcement num-ber one and made sure that the FBI has got the resources they need to do their job of protecting this Nation against terrorists and espionage, cyber espio-nage. They are a growing problem that we see in so many ways. The enemies of the United States have figured out how to hardwire Trojan horses and back doors into telecommunications equipment. The FBI has just done a spectacular job of protecting this Na-tion in the area of cyber espionage and terrorism, and we have made the FBI a top priority in this legislation and made sure that they have got all the money that they need to do their job. 
We have also prioritized the work the 
Department of Justice is doing in en-forcing our laws. We have made sure that scientific research, space explo-ration are prioritized, and America will preserve its leadership in the world in space exploration. 
We have made sure that weather 
forecasting is funded and taken care of. 
Managing the Nation’s fisheries is ex-
traordinarily important. 
As you work down that list of prior-
ities, we have made sure those at the top of the list are fully funded and those that tend to fall towards the bot-
tom—we have just simply had to drop some programs that are no longer au-thorized, the length of time for which Congress approved them is expired, or they weren’t fulfilling the function for which they were originally intended. 
But we in the bill before us today, 
Mr. Chairman, have provided $51.4 bil-lion in funding for this year, which is a $1.3 billion increase over last year but $661 million below the President’s re-quest. The President’s budget assumed a number of tax increases and fee in-creases that are simply not going to happen. We, again, wanted to live with-in our means and do our very best to minimize the debt that we are passing on to our children and grandchildren, so we have done our best in this envi-ronment to fund the priority programs while reducing funding for activities that are not essential to the operations of the Federal Government. 
Once we have taken care of the FBI 
and made sure they have got the fund-ing they need to protect this Nation in an era of evolving threats, we have also included funding, Mr. Chairman, for 55 new immigration judges. Our com-mittee has jurisdiction over these exec-utive branch judges who handle immi-gration cases. Because of the tremen-dous backlog of immigration cases, we have added 55 new immigration judges to reduce that backlog and made sure at the same time that we are providing for fully funding the U.S. Attorney’s Offices, the Marshals Service, the Drug Enforcement Agency, the ATF—Alco-hol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explo-sives—and our prison system. 
Now, for State and local law enforce-
ment, Mr. Chairman, the subcommittee has increased funding for priority pro-grams such as the Byrne Formula Pro-gram and the State Criminal Alien As-sistance Program funding, which com-pensate State and local taxpayers for the cost of housing people who are in the country illegally and have com-mitted criminal acts in violation of State law and are housed in State pris-on facilities—that is the responsibility of the Federal Government—and we have funded that program to the high-est extent that we can. 
We have also funded youth mentoring 
programs, which have done such great work. We have created, in addition, Mr. Chairman, in this bill a $53 million community trust program that will fund police body cameras, body camera demonstration programs, and justice reinvestment initiatives. 
I want to say a special thanks to our 
Texas State Senator Royce West, who just concluded the Texas legislative session. Texas became the first State in the Union to pass legislation con-trolling when, where, and how body camera data can be provided to law en-forcement or in a criminal trial to make sure to protect the privacy rights of individuals. We respect that. In our legislation we make sure that State law controls when, where, and how po-lice body camera data will be used. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.030 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3661 June 2, 2015 
We have also made sure, Mr. Chair-
man, that NASA is fully funded in this legislation. We have provided an $18.5 billion funding level this year for NASA, which is a $519 million increase and is equal to the request we received from the President. 
We have made sure to preserve Amer-
ica’s leadership role in manned space exploration, planetary science, and made sure that we are also continuing to advance aeronautics research that NASA does such an extraordinarily im-portant job in. 
We have funded the continued devel-
opment of the Orion crew vehicle at the level asked for by the White House and increased our resources for the Space Launch System to speed up when we will use that important launch sys-tem to get Americans back into orbit. 
We have made sure that the National 
Science Foundation is fully funded. We increased the funding level for the Na-tional Science Foundation by $50 mil-lion above the historically high level they had in last year’s bill. 
We also included full funding for the 
very important BRAIN Initiative, which Ranking Member F
ATTAH has 
championed over the years, which promises to unlock the secrets of the single most important organ in the human body and promises great things for the future. 
Mr. Chairman, we have also funded 
the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, prioritizing weather forecasting and fisheries management in particular. 
We made sure the Joint Polar Sat-
ellite System is funded, as well as the Geostationary Operational Environ-mental Satellite series. We have, though, in order to live 
within our allocation, had to reduce funding in some other areas, elimi-nating those that no longer were nec-
essary, those whose authorizations had expired, and, in fact, cut funding for more than a dozen bureaus and agen-cies that can operate with a little less. 
Let me also point out in conclusion, 
Mr. Chairman, that we have in this leg-islation extraordinarily important oversight language that requires each agency under our jurisdiction to sub-mit a spending plan to the sub-committee. We have capped the life cycle costs for poorly performing pro-grams. And we have also withheld some funding for the Department of Justice until the new Attorney General can demonstrate to us that the inspector general’s recommendations regarding sexual harassment and inappropriate conduct are being implemented. I can-not stress that highly enough. When I met with the new Attorney General, that was one of the first things I brought to her attention. 
We have also required, Mr. Chairman, 
that agencies that purchase very sen-sitive information technology or tele-communication systems conduct a sup-ply chain risk assessment in consulta-tion with the FBI to be sure that there are no hardwired Trojan horses or back doors in that communications equip-ment or computer equipment being purchased by the Federal Government in those agencies under our jurisdic-tion. 
We are also requiring quarterly re-
porting on immigration judge perform-ance and requiring agencies to provide inspectors general with timely infor-mation. Finally, Mr. Chairman, I want to 
point out that our legislation today continues Second Amendment protec-tions that have been built into the bill before. We have withheld funding, for example, to make sure that the United Nation’s arms control treaty there has been some discussion about is not fund-ed. 
We have also prohibited the transfer 
or housing of GTMO prisoners into the United States. 
But above all, the bottom line on this 
legislation is we want to ensure that the law as enacted by Congress is en-forced. If an agency wants to have ac-cess to our constituents’ hard-earned tax dollars, Mr. Chairman, they are going to need to demonstrate that they are enforcing the law as written by Congress, not based on some memo-randum or some internal document. The law as written by Congress is fun-damental to our entire system of gov-ernment. Our liberty lies in the en-forcement of law. It is the most funda-mental principle of a republic. This great Nation was founded on that prin-ciple that no one is above the law and the law shall be enforced equally and fairly to everybody with due process. 
Through our work on this sub-
committee with the checks and bal-ances that we have built into this leg-islation, the agencies under our juris-diction are going to need to dem-onstrate that they are enforcing the law as written by Congress in order to entitle them to access to our tax-payers’ very precious and hard-earned tax dollars. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.031 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3662 June 2, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.031 H02JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 466/1 here EH02JN15.001SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSECOMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2578) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE -DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE 
International Trade Administration 
Operations and administration ........................ . 
Offsetting fee collections ........................... . 
Direct appropriation ............................. . 
Bureau of Industry and Security 
Operations and administration ........................ . 
Defense function ................................. . 
Total. Bureau of Industry and Security ....... . 
Economic Development Administration 
Economic Development Assistance Programs ............. . 
Salaries and expenses.... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........ . 
Total, Economic Development Administration ..... . 
Minority Business Development Agency 
Minority Business Development ..... . 
Economic and Statistical Analysis 
Salaries and expenses ............................ . 
Bureau of the Census 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
Current Surveys and Programs ......................... . 
Periodic censuses and programs (old structure) ....... . 
Periodic censuses and programs (new structure) ...... . 
Total. Bureau of the Census .................... . 
National Telecommunications and Information 
Administration 
Salaries and expenses ........................... . 
United States Patent and Trademark Office 
Salaries and expenses, current year fee funding 
Offsetting fee collections .......................... . 
Total, United States Patent and Trademark Office 
National Institute of Standards and Technology 
Scientific and Technical Research and Services ....... . 
(transfer out) .................................. . 
Industrial Technology Services ..................... . 
Manufacturing extension partnerships ............. . 
Advanced manufacturing technology consortia ...... . 
Manufacturing innovation institutes coordination .. 
Construction of research facilities .................. . 
Working Capital Fund (by transfer) ................... . 
Total, National Institute of Standards and 
Technology ................................... . FY 2015 
Enacted 
472,000 
-10,000 -~ ~-------
462,000 
66,500 
36,000 
--------------
102,500 
213,000 
37,000 
250.000 
30,000 
100,000 
248,000 
840,000 
1,088,000 
38,200 
3,458,000 
-3,458,000 
675,500 
( -2,000) 
138.100 
(130,000) 
(8' 100) 
50,300 
(2,000) 
.... ~--------- .. 
863,900 FY 2016 
Request 
506,750 
-10,000 
---------
496,750 
79,086 
36,000 
-------------
115.086 
227,500 
45,528 
273,028 
30,016 
113,849 
277,873 
1 '222,101 
1,499,974 
49,232 
3,272,000 
-3,272.000 
754,661 
( -2' 000) 
306,000 
(141 ,000) 
(15,000) 
(150,000) 
59,000 
(2,000) _,. ____________ 
1 '119,661 Bi 11 
472,000 
-10.000 -------~-----
462,000 
74,000 
36,000 -~--------
110,000 
213,000 
37,000 
250,000 
32,000 
100.000 
265,000 
848,000 
1,113,000 
35,200 
3,272,000 
-3,272,000 
675,000 
(-2,000) 
130,000 
( 130' 000) 
50,000 
(2,000) 
----------
855,000 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+7,500 
.. _________ 
+7,500 
+2,000 
-248,000 
+265,000 
-840,000 
+848,000 
+25,000 
-3,000 
-186 '000 
+186,000 
-500 
-8,100 
( -8 .100) 
-300 
---------
-8,900 Bill vs. 
Request 
-34,750 
-34,750 
-5,086 
-5,086 
-14,500 
-8.528 
-23,028 
+1,984 
-13,849 
-12,873 
-374,101 
-386,974 
14,032 
-79,661 
-176,000 
( -11 ,000) 
(-15,000) 
(-150,000) 
-9,000 
-264,661 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3663 June 2, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.031 H02JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 466/2 here EH02JN15.002SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSECOMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2578) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 
Operations, Research, and Facilities ................. . 
(by transfer) .................................... . 
Promote and Develop Fund (transfer out) .......... . 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Procurement, Acquisition and Construction ............ . 
Pacific Coastal Salmon Recovery .................... . 
Fishermen's Cant i ngency Fund ......................... . 
Fisheries Finance Program Account .................... . 
Pacific groundfish fishing capacity reduction loan .... 
Total, National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration ............................... . 
Departmental Management 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
Renovation and Modernization ......................... . 
Office of Inspector General .......................... . 
Total, Departmental Management ................. . 
Total, title I, Department of Commerce ......... . 
(by transfer).... . ............ . 
(transfer out) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ......... . 
TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
General Administration 
Salaries and expenses............. . ............. . 
Justice Information Sharing Technology .............. . 
Total, General Administration .................. . 
Admi ni strati ve review and appeals .................... . 
Transfer from immigration examinations fee account 
Direct appropriation .. 
Office of Inspector General .......................... . 
United States Parole Commission 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
Legal Activities 
Salaries and expenses, general legal activities .. 
Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund ............... . 
Salaries and expenses, Antitrust Division ............ . 
Offsetting fee collections- current year ........ . 
Direct appropriation ......................... . 
Salaries and expenses, United States Attorneys ....... . 
United States Trustee System Fund .................... . 
Offsetting fee collections ....................... . 
Direct appropriation ........................ . FY 2015 
Enacted 
3,202,398 
(116,000) 
(-116,000) 
~ ~-- ~-------
3,202,398 
2' 179' 225 
65,000 
350 
-6,000 
5,440,973 
56,000 
4,500 
30,596 
91,096 
8,466,669 
118,000 
-118,000 
111 ,500 
25,842 
------------
137,342 
351,072 
-4,000 
--------------
347,072 
88,577 
13,308 
885.000 
7,833 
162,246 
-100.000 ---~- ~ ~ ~ 
62,246 
1,960,000 
225,908 
-225,908 
--------------FY 2016 
Request 
3,413,360 
(130' 164) 
( -130' 164) 
3,413,360 
2.498,679 
58,000 
350 
-6,000 
10,300 
5,974,689 
71,095 
24,062 
35' 190 ------------ ~ ~ 
130,347 
9,802,632 
132' 164 
-132,164 
119,437 
37,440 
------- ~-
156,877 
488,381 
-4,000 
------------
484,381 
93,709 
13,547 
1,037,386 
9,358 
164,977 
-124,000 
~-- ~.---------
40,977 
2,032,216 
228.107 
-162,000 
----------
66,107 Bi 11 
3,147,877 
( 130, 164) 
( -130, 164) 
--------------
3,147,877 
1 '960 ,034 
65,000 
350 
-6.000 
5,167,261 
50,000 
3,989 
32,000 ----------
85,989 
8,210,450 
132,164 
-132,164 
105,000 
25,842 
--------------
130' 842 
426,791 
-4,000 
--------------
422,791 
92,000 
13,308 
885,000 
8,000 
162,246 
-124' 000 
38,246 
1,995,000 
225,908 
-162,000 
--------------
63,908 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-54,521 
(+14, 164) 
( -14' 164) 
-54,521 
-219,191 
-273,712 
-6,000 
-511 
+1,404 
-~------------
-5' 107 
-256,219 
+14, 164 
-14,164 
-6,500 
-6,500 
+75,719 
-------------
+75,719 
+3,423 
+167 
-24,000 
-------- ~-
-24,000 
+35,000 
+63,908 
--------------
+63,908 Bill vs. 
Request 
-265,483 
--------------
-265,483 
-538,645 
+7,000 
-10,300 
-807,428 
-21,095 
-20,073 
-3,190 -----------
-44,358 
-1 '592' 182 
-14,437 
-11 '598 
--------------
-26.035 
-61,590 
-61,590 
-1 '709 
239 
-152,386 
-1,358 
-2,731 
---~---------~ 
-2,731 
-37,216 
-2,199 
--------------
-2,199 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3664 June 2, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.031 H02JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 466/3 here EH02JN15.003SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSECOMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2578) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Salaries and expenses, Foreign Claims Settlement 
Commission................ . .......... . 
Fees and expenses of witnesses.. . ........ . 
Salaries and expenses, Community Relations Service ... . 
Assets Forfeiture Fund ............................... . 
Total, Legal Activities ........................ . 
United States Marshals Service 
Salaries and expenses .............................. . 
Construction ................................... . 
Federal Pri saner Detention. . ................. . 
Total, United States Marshals Service .... , ..... . 
National Security Division 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
Interagency Law Enforcement 
Interagency Crime and Drug Enforcement ............... . 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
Counterintelligence and national security ........ . 
Subtotal ........... . 
Construction ......................................... . 
Total, Federal Bureau of Investigation ......... . 
Drug Enforcement Administration 
Salaries and expenses ....... . 
Diversion control fund .. . 
Total, Drug Enforcement Administration ....... . 
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
Federal Prison System 
Salaries and expenses .............................. . 
Buildings and facilities ........................... . 
Limitation on administrative expenses, Federal Prison 
Industries, Incorporated ............ . 
Total, Federal Prison System ..... 
State and Local Law Enforcement Activities 
Office on Violence Against Women: 
Prevention and prosecution programs ........... . 
Office of Justice Programs: 
Research, evaluation and statistics .... , ......... . 
State and local law enforcement assistance ....... . 
Juveni 1 e justice programs. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . FY 2015 
Enacted 
2,326 
270,000 
12,250 
20,514 
~~---~---
3' 220' 169 
1 '195' 000 
9,800 
495,307 
1,700,107 
93,000 
507' 194 
3,378,089 
4,948,480 
8,326,569 
110,000 
8,436,569 
2,400,000 
-366,680 
2,033,320 
1,201,000 
6,815,000 
106,000 
2,700 
6,923,700 
430,000 
111,000 
1,241,000 
251,500 FY 2016 
Request 
2,374 
270,000 
14,446 
20,514 
--------------
3,493,378 
1,230,581 
15,000 
1,454,414 
2,699,995 
96,596 
519,301 
3,413,813 
5,000,812 
8,414,625 
68,982 
8,483,607 
2' 463' 123 
-371 ,514 
2,091,609 
1 ,261 '158 
7,204,158 
140,564 
2,700 
7,347,422 
473,500 
151,900 
1 '142' 300 
339,400 Bi 11 
2,326 
270,000 
13,000 
-----------
3,275,480 
1,220,000 
11,000 
1,058,081 
2,289,081 
95,000 
510,000 
3,444,306 
5,045,480 
8,489,786 
57,982 
8,547,768 
2,445,459 
-371 '514 
2,073,945 
1,250,000 
6,951,500 
230,000 
2,700 
7' 184' 200 
479,000 
1,015,400 
183,500 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+750 
-20,514 
------~-------+55,311 
+25,000 
+1,200 
+562' 774 
+588,974 
+2,000 
+2,806 
+66' 217 
+97,000 
+163,217 
-52,018 
+111 '199 
+45,459 
-4,834 
+40,625 
+49,000 
+136,500 
+124,000 
+260,500 
+49,000 
-111 ,000 
-225,600 
-68,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
-48 
-1,446 
-20,514 
-217,898 
-10,581 
-4,000 
-396,333 
-410,914 
-1 '596 
-9,301 
+30,493 
+44,668 
+75, 161 
11 ,000 
+64, 161 
-17,664 
-17' 664 
-11 '158 
-252,658 
+89,436 
163,222 
+5,500 
-151,900 
126,900 
-155,900 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3665 June 2, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.031 H02JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 466/4 here EH02JN15.004SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSECOMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2578) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Public safety officer benefits: 
Death benefits. . . . . ..................... . 
Disability and education benefits ............ . 
Subtotal... . . . . . ........................ . 
Total, Office of Justice Programs .............. . 
Community Oriented Policing Services: 
COPS programs. . . . . . . . . .......................... . 
Total, State and Local Law Enforcement 
Activities. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ................. . 
Total, title II, Department of Justice ......... . 
TITLE III -SCIENCE 
Office of Science and Technology Policy ... 
National Aeronautics and Space Administration 
Science......................... . ................ . 
Aeronautics .......................................... . 
Space Technology. . . . . . . . . . . ......................... . 
Exploration................ . ..................... . 
Space Operations ..................................... . 
Education ............................................ . 
Safety, Security and Mission Services ................ . 
Construction and environmental compliance and 
restoration .................................... . 
Office of Inspector General ......................... . 
Total, National Aeronautics and Space 
Admi ni strati on ................... . 
National Science Foundation 
Research and related activities .... 
Defense function. 
Subtotal ..................................... . 
Major Research Equipment and Facilities Construction .. 
Education and Human Resources ...................... . 
Agency Operations and Award Management .... . 
Office of the National Science Board ................. . 
Office of Inspector General .......................... . 
Total, National Science Foundation ............ . 
Total, title III, Science ...................... . 
TITLE IV -RELATED AGENCIES 
Commission on Civil Rights 
Salaries and expenses ....................... , ........ . 
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission 
Salaries and expenses .... FY 2015 
Enacted 
71,000 
16,300 ___ .. __________ 
87,300 
----------1,690,800 
208,000 
2,328,800 
27' 030' 158 
5,555 
5,244,700 
651,000 
596,000 
4,356,700 
3,827,800 
119,000 
2,758,900 
419,100 
37,000 --------------
18,010,200 
5,866,125 
67,520 
5,933,645 
200,760 
866,000 
325,000 
4,370 
14,430 
7,344,205 
25,359,960 
9,200 
364,500 FY 2016 
Request 
72,000 
16,300 
~----------
88,300 
1,721,900 
303,500 
2,498,900 
29,240,480 
5,566 
5,288,600 
571,400 
724,800 
4,505,900 
4,003,700 
88,900 
2,843,100 
465,300 
37,400 
-----------
18' 529' 100 
6, 118,780 
67,520 
6,186,300 
200,310 
962,570 
354,840 
4,370 
15,160 
7,723,550 
26,258,216 
9,413 
373,112 Bill 
72,000 
16,300 
-------------
88,300 
--------------1,287,200 
237,500 
2,003,700 
27,888,115 
5,555 
5,237,500 
600,000 
625,000 
4,759,300 
3,957,300 
119,000 
2,768' 600 
425,000 
37,400 
----------
18' 529' 100 
5,916,125 
67,520 
5,983,645 
200,030 
866,000 
325,000 
4,370 
15,160 
7,394,205 
25,928,860 
9,200 
364,500 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+1,000 
+1,000 
-403,600 
+29,500 
-325,100 
+857,957 
-7,200 
-51' 000 
+29,000 
+402,600 
+129,500 
+9,700 
+5,900 
+400 
+518,900 
+50,000 
+50,000 
-730 
+730 
+50,000 
+568,900 Bill vs. 
Request 
-434,700 
-66,000 
-495,200 
-1,352,365 
-11 
-51' 100 
+28,600 
-99,800 
+253,400 
-46,400 
+30, 100 
-74,500 
-40,300 
--------------
-202,655 
-202,655 
-280 
-96,570 
-29,840 
-329,345 
-329,356 
-213 
-8,612 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3666 June 2, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.031 H02JNPT1
Insert graphic folio 466/5 here EH02JN15.005SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSECOMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2578) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
International Trade Commission 
Salaries and expenses ....... . 
Legal Services Corporation 
Payment to the Legal Services Corporation ............ . 
Marine Mammal Commission 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
Office of the U.S. Trade Representative 
Salaries and expenses ................................ . 
State Justice Institute 
Sa 1 aries and expenses ................................ . 
Total, title IV, Related Agencies .............. . 
TITLE V -GENERAL PROVISIONS 
DOC Departmental Management, Franchise Fund 
(rescission) ................................... . 
DOC, National Technical Information Service 
(rescission).................... . ............... . 
DOC, Economic Development Assistance Programs 
(rescission)............. . ................... . 
DOJ, Working Capital Fund (rescission) ............... . 
DOJ, Tactical Law Enforcement Wireless Communications 
(rescission)... . .............................. . 
DOJ, Detention Trustee (rescission) .................. . 
DOJ, Assets Forfeiture Fund (rescission) ............ . 
FBI, Salaries and Expenses, nondefense (rescission) .. . 
FBI, Salaries and Expenses, defense (rescission) .... .. 
DOJ, Salaries and expenses, general legal activities 
(rescission) ............................. . 
DOJ, Salaries and expenses, Antitrust Division 
(rescission).............. . ................ . 
DOJ, Salaries and expenses, U.S. Attorneys 
(rescission) ....................................... . 
Federal Prisoner Detention (rescission) .............. . 
DOJ, ATF, Salaries and expenses (rescission) ......... . 
Violence against women prevention and prosecution 
programs (rescission) .......... . 
Office of Justice programs (rescission) .............. . 
COPS (rescission) .................................... . 
Total, title V, General Provisions ............. . 
Grand total ................... , .... , .. , .. , . . . . . . . .. , . 
Appropriations..... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............ . 
Rescissions ...................................... . 
(by transfer) ...................................... . 
(transfer out) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ...................... . FY 2015 
Enacted 
84.500 
375,000 
3,340 
54,250 
5' 121 
895,911 
-2,906 
~5,000 
-99,000 
-2,000 
-23,000 
-193,000 
-10,000 
-6,000 
-9,000 
-188,000 
-3,200 
-16.000 
-82,500 
-40,000 
-679,606 
61 '073' 092 
(61,752,698) 
(-679,606) 
118,000 
118,000 FY 2016 
Request 
131,500 
452,000 
3,431 
56,268 
5,121 
1,030,845 
~55,000 
-304,000 
-49,000 
-71,000 
-69,500 
-5,020 
-10,000 
-563,520 
65,768,653 
(66,332, 173) 
(-563,520) 
132' 164 
-132' 164 Bi 11 
84,500 
300,000 
3,340 
54,250 
5' 121 
820,911 
~10,000 
-100,000 
-49,000 
-71,000 
-69,500 
-15,000 
-40,000 
-20,000 
-374,500 
62,473,836 
(62,848,336) 
(-374,500) 
132,164 
-132,164 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-75,000 
-75,000 
+2,906 
-10,000 
+5,000 
-1,000 
+2,000 
+23,000 
+193,000 
-49,000 
-71,000 
+10,000 
+6,000 
+9,000 
+118,500 
+3,200 
+1,000 
+42,500 
+20,000 
+305' 106 
+1,400,744 
( +1 '095' 638) 
(+305,106) 
+14, 164 
-14,164 Bill vs. 
Request 
-47,000 
~152,000 
-91 
-2,018 
-209,934 
·10,000 
-45,000 
+304,000 
-9,980 
-40,000 
10,000 
+189.020 
-3,294,817 
(-3,483,837) 
(+189,020) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3667 June 2, 2015 
b1415 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chair, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Let me first, since this is my first ap-
pearance on the floor since the tragic news of the Vice President’s son’s death, offer my condolences. I am sure all of my colleagues and the people of Philadelphia consider the Biden family one of our own since they are nearby neighbors. 
I also want to offer my sincere condo-
lences and concern for the people of Texas, given the tragedy of the deaths and the severe weather incidents there that have occasioned the flooding. 
We rise today in moving an appro-
priations bill, the Commerce, Justice, Science bill. The chairman and the ranking member from New York have assisted the subcommittee in its work. I want to thank the subcommittee chairman for all of the cooperation that has been extended. 
He has pointed to a number of the 
circumstances in which he has helped make sure that priorities that we were interested in were accommodated in the bill, and I want to talk a little bit about that. 
One is in the area of brain science, 
neuroscience. The BRAIN Initiative is critically important. We have some 50 million Americans suffering from brain-related diseases or disorders. Fifty million in a country of a little over 300 million is a very significant number. 
The diseases themselves, everything 
from Alzheimer’s to epilepsy, autism, brain cancer—in the case of the Vice President’s son—a whole host of chal-lenges that cost our country in not just financial ways, but affect so many fam-ilies. 
I want to thank the chairman for his 
continued cooperation and work with me on what I think is the most impor-tant area of scientific discovery that we need to be focused on as a nation. 
Also, in the area of youth mentoring, 
the work in terms of supporting our ef-forts to make sure that millions of the Nation’s young people have the appro-priate guidance that they need, such as the great congressionally chartered or-ganizations like the Boys & Girls Clubs of America; the YMCA; and Big Broth-ers Big Sisters of America, which is celebrating their 100th anniversary this month. I want to thank him for that. 
I could go on through a laundry list 
of areas, manufacturing and the like, in which we have worked very closely together; and there is nothing that could be improved upon in terms of the process between the interactions be-tween the majority and the minority on this bill. 
There is an elephant in the room, no 
pun intended, in the sense that the ma-jority has an absolute view about the budget allocations, given the Budget Control Act, and see that as something that limits our ability to meet the challenges of our great Nation. 
The minority has the view that we 
need to move away from that budget control agreement and move away 
from these automatic caps and meet the needs, as the Constitution indi-cated that the Appropriations Commit-tee’s job was, to meet the needs of our great Nation. We know that there are needs that are not going to be met. 
The chairman just talked about how 
important our system of laws were. Well, in this bill, we fall short, at least at this moment, of what we need to fully do to fund the Legal Services Cor-poration, which was established under a Republican administration; but it provides services, not to Democrats or Republicans, but to Americans all across our country, to provide access to the courts and to make sure that they can have due process in civil liti-gations. We know that we are short there. 
We have a constitutional responsi-
bility to fund the Census. We are going to, at this moment, fall shy of that. 
Now, we hope that we will improve 
this bill. We can’t improve the process, but we can improve the product as we go toward a conference with the Sen-ate. 
There are areas related to NASA, 
even though we funded above $18 bil-lion, which is a historic commitment to NASA, that we still are not dealing with the pressing issues of fully fund-ing Commercial Crew which requires— we have now paid out $500 million to our Russian counterparts to transport astronauts to the International Space Station, and we are going to have to continue that longer than we need to because we are not able, under the allo-cation, to meet our responsibilities and the needs on the Commercial Crew ap-propriations. 
Now, Galileo, 400 years ago, pointed 
us toward Europa. I agree with the chairman that the need to fully explore and to bring back a sample and to do everything else necessary to fully un-derstand what the potential may be is an important effort, but also funding space technology and our Commercial Crew Program—and I know the chair-man agrees with me—are going to be important efforts for us to try to im-prove in this bill as we go towards con-ference with the Senate. 
The minority can’t shirk its respon-
sibility to point out these short-comings. Having pointed them out, I do want to make the point, though, that the working relationship is one that I think appropriately reflects the kind of process we want to have in the House. We want all views to be considered, and I know that every offering of a view from the minority has been fully con-sidered by the chairman. 
I thank him, and I want to thank his 
staff, and I want to thank my staff of the committee because they have worked very hard for us to come to this moment. 
We are at a point in the process in 
which the majority will have its way. 
There eventually will be a Senate bill, but we also have to weigh in the ad-ministration’s viewpoint in order to have a law of the land. The administration has issued a 
statement on this bill, and in appro-priate ways, it compliments the sub-committee for its foresight on a range of points, but it also strongly rec-ommends changes in directions in ap-propriations in a variety of areas that the administration thinks would hold our country back. 
I think that there is a lot to be said 
about fiscal prudence. We need to make sure that we are operating in a fiscally responsible way. 
This Nation at its founding, at the 
point in which we had to separate our-selves from the British, we borrowed a few dollars. It costs us something at al-most every point in the history of our country, as in the case for most fami-lies and most businesses, in which you have to make investments and which sometimes those investments cause you to have an imbalance for a mo-ment or for a period of time. 
There is a reason why we have mort-
gages, so that people can buy homes, and we invest in student loans so that young people can get an education. There is a need for our country, from time to time, to look beyond the im-mediate balance of the books to under-stand what our calling is. 
We say, sometimes, that we are an 
exceptional nation. Exceptionalism re-quires us to have some foresight. We know that this is an age of innovation and scientific discovery. Some have suggested that there is nothing new under the Sun, but we know that that is not so. 
Just in recent months, we found the 
largest volcano on Earth—just discov-ered. We found in drought-stricken parts of Africa, deep down underneath the earth, some of the largest aquifers of water. We have now discovered a warmblooded fish for the first time ever and a new species of bird in China. This is not an age in which discovery is not possible. 
This is a time for our country where 
we should be investing in science and innovation. We have a need to as a country, as I mentioned, of just some 300-million plus, when we compete against billion-plus populated coun-tries like China and India, we can’t af-ford to leave any of our young people in the shadows. We can’t afford to not invest in science and innovation. 
I want to thank the chairman for 
what he has done. I want to tell him that we will continue to work with him as we go forward because I believe what we have here today is not a perfect bill, but the foundation for what will be, I think, the best Commerce, Justice, Science bill that could be produced. 
It is a beginning of that process, and 
I want to thank him. I look forward to the debate in the amendment process. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, it 
is my privilege to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from 
Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ), the chairman 
of the full committee. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I thank 
Chairman C ULBERSON for yielding me 
the time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.032 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3668 June 2, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, I am proud to an-
nounce my support of this bill. It con-tains $51.4 billion for effective, proven programs within the Departments of Justice and Commerce, as well as NASA and the National Science Foun-dation. Within that total, funding is targeted at programs that are vital to our economic development, our public safety, and national security. 
These important programs, overall, 
receive a boost of $1.3 billion over last year, allowing us to make critical in-vestments in law enforcement, coun-terterrorism, cybersecurity, and science and research activities. 
For example, the legislation in-
creases funding for the Department of Justice by $852 million above last year’s levels, enhancing the way we protect and secure communities across the Nation. That increase will provide the FBI with greater resources to fight terrorism and cyber crime. 
It will also allow the DEA to amplify 
activities, including $372 million to combat prescription drug abuse, what the CDC calls a national epidemic that is taking more lives than car wrecks. 
Funding is targeted to high-priority 
national grants with increases for vio-lence against women programs and the Byrne JAG Program. 
The bill also creates a new commu-
nity trust initiative that will help im-prove the safety of communities across the Nation and work to facilitate a supportive relationship between these local communities and the police. This includes funding for body camera pilots and research, training, justice reform efforts, and upgraded statistics collec-tion. 
Mr. Chairman, the bill also directs 
funding toward key programs that will help secure America’s role as the lead-er in scientific innovation, grow our economy, and promote job creation. For instance, NASA receives a $519 mil-lion increase above last year, keeping us on the forefront of the space fron-tier. 
The National Science Foundation re-
ceives a $50 million increase, directing funds to programs that will spur U.S. economic competitiveness. To help pro-tect communities from devastating natural disasters, we provided $5.2 bil-lion for NOAA to help boost weather warning and forecasting efforts. 
As with any appropriations bill, Mr. 
Chairman, the committee had to make some tough choices to live within a tight budget allocation, but that is what the Appropriations Committee does. We make hard decisions. 
I believe that this bill does that in a 
very responsible way, eliminating un-necessary or unneeded programs, re-ducing funding for other lower-priority programs. This sort of smart budgeting will help improve the way our govern-ment operates and show that we can live within our means. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to congratu-
late Chairman C
ULBERSON for his suc-
cessful first go as chairman of this sub-committee. He wanted this tour and is happy to have it and is doing a good 
job with it, Mr. Chairman, and I am proud of him. 
I think he and Ranking Member 
F
ATTAH and their subcommittee have 
drafted a good bill that I am proud to have before the House today. As al-ways, I want to thank the staff for their tireless work in drafting and bringing this bill to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, this is the fourth appro-
priations bill we have brought to the floor this year, and I am glad we are progressing at a great pace on these very important bills. 
I am told that this is the earliest and 
quickest start to appropriations bills in recorded history. I am proud of the work that our committee is doing and, I think, doing good work. 
b1430 
So I urge my colleagues to continue 
this forward momentum and vote in favor of this very important and very well done Commerce, Justice, Science funding bill. 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield such time as 
she may consume to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the 
ranking member and a great leader for our team on Appropriations. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I would like 
to take a moment to congratulate Chairman C
ULBERSON on his first Com-
merce, Justice, and Science bill, as well as Ranking Member F
ATTAH and 
full committee Chairman R OGERS for 
their efforts. I know how hard they worked to try and put together the best bill possible. 
Before I go further, I want to thank 
my friend, Ranking Member F
ATTAH , 
and join him in expressing our heart-felt condolences to the Vice President on the loss of his son. I just can’t imag-ine the pain that one feels at such a tragedy. I know our hearts and prayers go out to the Biden family. 
The pictures of the floods in Texas 
were so horrifying, and I know how hard everyone was working to mini-mize the loss of life. I also want to ex-press my condolences to Chairman C
ULBERSON as well. 
The House Republican ‘‘work harder 
for less’’ budget resolution was opposed by every Member on my side of the aisle in part because it really makes it impossible to give hard-working Amer-icans the opportunity to succeed. Democrats want to end the sequester, and we need more reasonable and real-istic budgeting that could help families afford college, a home, and a secure re-tirement. 
The insufficient overall allocation 
for discretionary investment hurts ini-tiatives in all the appropriation bills that grow the economy, create jobs, and make us more secure. While I ap-preciate the chairman’s efforts, the grossly inadequate allocation creates shortcomings that are evident in the fiscal year 2016 Commerce, Justice, and Science bill. 
Instead of providing the desperately 
needed investments in community po-licing and improving the juvenile jus-
tice system, the COPS hiring program would receive no funding, and the Of-fice of Juvenile Justice would receive 
$68 million less than fiscal year 2015 and $156 million less than the Presi-dent’s request. These failures are par-ticularly shameful, given the inclusion of a number of gun riders, including language blocking a reporting require-ment on multiple purchases of rifles or shotguns by individual buyers. We must eliminate riders such as these that prevent law enforcement from sensibly addressing gun crimes. 
While Violence Against Women pre-
vention and prosecution programs would appear to receive an increase above both fiscal year 2015 and the President’s fiscal year 2016 request, it is actually below the request when you account for a transfer in Victims of Trafficking grants. Similar gimmicks are also included in the portion of the COPS program that would be funded. 
The Legal Services Corporation 
would fare far worse: $75 million below fiscal year 2015, $152 million below the request. This is unacceptable for a vital service that provides legal help for hard-working Americans. 
Turning to science, the bill continues 
the majority’s practice of burying its head in the sand instead of focusing on the stark climate change realities. As in previous years, the bill severely cuts funding for NOAA climate research by 19 percent below fiscal year 2015, a $30 million decrease. We should be sup-porting, not hindering, this important work to help save our environment. 
The bill also cuts Geosciences and 
Social, Behavioral, and Economic Sciences of the National Science Foun-dation by $257 million below the fiscal year 2015 level, an approach universally opposed by the scientific community. 
Rather than properly preparing for 
the constitutionally mandated 2020 Census, the mark is $387 million below the President’s request for the U.S. Census Bureau. Failure to provide these funds now will only cost tax-payers more in the long run, as the Census Bureau would be unable to thoroughly develop and test innova-tive, cost-saving business practices. Developing a well-designed and thoughtful Census now could save up to $5 billion in 2020 Census costs. 
As in other bills, the majority has in-
cluded a number of controversial rid-ers. In addition to those on firearms I already mentioned, another provision is aimed at placing restrictions on ex-ports to Cuba. 
However, despite the numerous 
shortcomings, I want to thank the chairman again for his work related to the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System, Byrne Justice Assistance Grants, and the community Backlog Reduction Program to process sexual assault kits. These evidentiary kits have historically gone untested for decades, giving violent and culpable of-fenders the ability to strike again. So it is important we fund this program at a workable level. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.033 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3669 June 2, 2015 
I want to make it clear that Demo-
crats are more than willing to support bills that include adequate spending levels to ensure public safety, promote economic growth, and that exclude un-necessary riders. Unfortunately, al-though this bill does such wonderful things, and I am a great supporter once again of all the brain research, the im-portant investments that are being made to address Alzheimer’s, autism, and other serious, serious diseases of the brain, the bill does not make ap-propriate investments that hard-work-ing Americans need but, instead, ad-vances misguided policy changes. I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill. 
Thank you again to our chair and 
ranking members. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ), my colleague on 
the Appropriations Committee. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
compliment the chairman for a bill that invests responsibly in law enforce-ment, space science research, ocean and marine resources, and weather sciences. I also want to thank the chairman for his support of an innova-tive data collection initiative in this bill to improve fish stock assessments and research of the fisheries in the Gulf of Mexico. 
As we discussed in many of our hear-
ings, we as a nation need to utilize all tools and technology and work with all fisheries sector participants, including recreational, for-hire, and commercial, that provide the most accurate assess-ment of the health of our fish stocks, including the red snapper species so critical to our quality of life in Gulf States like Florida and Texas as well as our regional economies. This inno-vative data collection initiative will better enable the National Marine Fisheries Service and the regional council to make more informed deci-sions about the length of various fish-ing seasons. 
Mr. Chairman, without constantly 
improving and accurate and quantifi-able data, data that is believed to reli-ably reflect the fisherman’s experience on the water, our commercial and rec-reational fishermen, alike, find it dif-ficult to understand decisions by gov-ernment to shorten fishing seasons and limit catches. 
To be clear, this new provision in-
cluded in this year’s CJS bill is in-tended to provide the National Marine Fisheries Service Southeast Regional Office new tools to utilize data collec-tion efforts from our recreational, for- hire, and commercial fishermen, from State and local officials, from third- party researchers, and from academia. Data collection and research focus on the unique stock assessment challenges of Gulf fisheries. By working with our recreational, for-hire, and commercial fishermen, and by engaging them di-rectly in data collection, NMFS South-east Regional Office will ultimately collect more and better data and will begin to restore trust between the sec-
tors and regulators. 
This public-private effort will allow 
officials tasked with managing our fishery resources to strike the right balance: balance for our recreational fishing communities’ quality of life and right to fish on our waters, balance for our regional economy fueled by the commercial and for-hire fishing indus-try, and balance for our strong inter-ests in stock rehabilitation, species preservation, and protecting our crit-ical natural resources. 
Mr. Chairman, I look forward to 
working with you as we continue to work through this appropriations proc-ess on this important provision, as well as working with NOAA and the NMFS Southeast Regional Office, during im-plementation of this funding to stand up to this critical innovative stock as-sessment initiative and make it a suc-cess for Florida and for all five of our Gulf States, including your home State of Texas. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
The chairman and the staff have done 
a remarkable job working on a whole range of issues related to fish, not just in the Gulf of Mexico and Texas, but throughout the questions around salm-on in Washington State and the issues related to even our part of the country where we fish a little bit. So I want to thank the gentleman for his comments. 
I now yield 3 minutes to the gen-
tleman from the great State of Cali-fornia (Mr. H
ONDA ), my colleague on 
the subcommittee, who has really helped us on the subcommittee, par-ticularly around areas related to inno-vation and science and advanced manu-facturing. 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding me this time. 
Let me start by thanking Chairman 
C
ULBERSON and Ranking Member 
FATTAH for their ongoing enthusiasm 
and support for many of the key pro-grams funded by this bill. I am grateful for their support, including provisions addressing key concerns of mine such as the growing rape kit backlog and long delays in testing DNA evidence; preventing the politically motivated termination evaluation of a funda-mental science observatory, SOFIA; and ensuring the Federal Marine De-bris program, which will focus on plas-tics in our Nation’s waterways and oceans. Despite the inclusion of these and other beneficial programs, this bill unfortunately falls short of supporting a robust and effective portfolio of Com-merce, Justice, and Science programs. 
This bill was crafted under the re-
strictive spending cap imposed by se-questration. This unworkable funding cap has forced unacceptable cuts that greatly weaken key programs serving our country. For example, at a time when the funding for the constitu-tionally mandated decennial Census 
should be on a significant ramp-up, this bill underfunds the Census Bureau by $387 million. At the direction of Congress, the Cen-
sus Bureau is testing sweeping reforms to Census methods that would reduce the overall cost of the enumeration substantially by bringing the Census into the 21st century. But without suf-ficient money next year, the Census Bureau may have to abandon plans for a modern Census and go back to the more costly, outdated, manual 2010 de-sign, which will end up costing $5 bil-lion more—$5 billion. We cannot afford to waste $5 billion. We need to be fis-cally responsible and have an under-standing of cuts beyond the time scale of a 1-year funding bill, which means investing in the Census now. 
Additionally, this bill severely 
underfunds and deprioritizes earth science. The bill proposes generous funding to support NASA for planetary science but seems to overlook the most important planet of all—our own. That is why I offered an amendment in com-mittee to fully fund the earth and geo-science research at NASA and NSF in-stead of the $520 million underfunding being proposed. 
Research in the earth and helio 
sciences helps protect lives, business, and infrastructure because economic and public welfare consequences of nat-ural hazards such as droughts, hurri-canes, space weather, and earthquakes can be devastating. As our climate con-
tinues to change, this research is even more important, and yet this bill pro-poses to cut earth and geoscience re-search. We should be increasing fund-ing in these fields to better understand natural systems and allow for more in-formed policy decisionmaking and not cutting them. 
Additionally, this bill seeks to 
micromanage the NSF by singling out earth science and social sciences as lesser research priorities. This is a prime example of political meddling into scientific research. The draconian spending caps have forced the cannibal-ization of these and other essential programs and resulted in a bill that is unworkable. 
b1445 
We need to adopt the President’s pro-
posed overall funding levels to ensure that key programs such as the Census and NASA’s Earth Science Research Program are able to be effective and serve our Nation. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, at 
this time I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
EN-
KINS), my colleague and good friend 
from the committee. 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. I 
thank the Chairman for his good work. 
Mr. Chairman, I have the honor of 
serving on the Appropriations Com-mittee, which enables me to have input into our spending priorities. 
This bill has a number of important 
programs. I want to highlight drug courts. Drug courts have a proven track record. Drug courts are effective and efficient. Drug courts work. 
A respected pastor and community 
leader in my State said: ‘‘Prisons are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.034 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3670 June 2, 2015 
for people we are really scared of, not 
just mad at.’’ 
The drug epidemic continues to rav-
age my State, and drug courts give a needed alternative to sending those suffering from addiction to jail. Drug courts allow individuals to undergo treatment, get help staying clean, and reenter society as a productive indi-vidual. 
West Virginia drug courts are suc-
ceeding. Earlier this year, West Vir-ginia honored the first 1,000 adults and juveniles to successfully complete the program. 
While no single program will solve 
the drug epidemic, we must continue to support programs that work. This bill maintains critical funding for a num-ber of other programs that will help those trying to end this crisis. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
EE), a fellow appropriator. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me 
thank our ranking member for yielding but also for his very steady and com-petent leadership of this subcommittee on our behalf. Also, I want to thank the chairman for his consistent work at bipartisanship, even though this is still yet another funding bill brought to the floor that woefully underfunds our critical Federal programs. 
The fiscal year 2016 Commerce, Jus-
tice, Science Appropriations bill really should reflect our Nation’s commit-ment to growing our economy, keeping our communities safe, and driving in-novation. Instead, it makes critical 
cuts to programs at a time when they are needed most. 
In the Justice title, this bill includes 
no funding for the Community Ori-ented Policing Services Hiring Pro-gram and a $68 million cut to juvenile justice programs from fiscal year 2015. 
It also includes a $75 million cut to 
the Legal Services Corporation, which provides critical legal services to low- income Americans. Given what is hap-pening in communities around the country, especially in terms of commu-nities of color and law enforcement, these are truly unwise and misguided cuts. 
Under the Science title, the National 
Science Foundation, which funds crit-ical research at the University of Cali-fornia at Berkeley in my congressional district, is funded at $50 million below the fiscal year 2015 enacted level. These cuts are a huge blow to investments we should be making in scientific research to keep our Nation competitive. 
In the Commerce section, this bill 
also includes cuts to critical programs, such as a $274 million cut to the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, and funds the Census Bu-reau at $387 million below the Presi-dent’s budget request. 
Add to all of this an inappropriate 
policy rider about exports to Cuba and you have a bill that, despite the hard work of the chair and our ranking member, is deeply flawed. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. E
MMER of 
Minnesota). The time of the gentle-woman has expired. 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. LEE. Finally, let me just say we 
need to stop starving our critical Fed-eral programs. We need to protect our communities in crisis and drive sci-entific breakthroughs in the future. 
In committee, I sponsored an amend-
ment along with Ranking Member L
OWEY to increase COPS Hiring fund-
ing and also introduced an amendment to require jurisdictions receiving Byrne-JAG grants to put their officers through training to better work with diverse communities that they protect and serve. Congressman L
ACYCLAYhas 
championed this idea, and later in this debate we will enter into a colloquy re-garding this important issue, and I want to thank the chairman and rank-ing member for their support. 
Mr. FATTAH. May I inquire of the 
time remaining on both sides? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania has 7 minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Texas has 12 minutes remaining. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, at 
this time it is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ), my good friend. 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
for the purpose of engaging in a col-loquy with the gentleman from Texas, the chairman of the Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies. 
I want to thank the chairman and 
Ranking Member F
ATTAH for their ef-
forts to forge a truly bipartisan bill to fund critical programs within the De-partments of Justice, Commerce, and the scientific community. This diverse bill provides a wide range of support, from continued scientific research in space to the funding our law enforce-ment officers need to keep our families and communities safe. It is truly a di-verse, vital bill. 
Chairman C
ULBERSON , please permit 
me one point of clarification in the bill. The NASA budget includes a space operations account. This account pro-vides funding for everything from space communications to research on the International Space Station to sup-porting space launch complexes. I 
would like to specifically discuss the space communications function within this account. 
Regardless of age or mission, NASA 
must be able to communicate with the system it has in orbit. The space and ground networks that comprise NASA’s space communications system are the foundation for all of NASA’s or-bital work. The network provides con-stant, real-time communications for all aspects of our space mission, from the unmanned probes at the very edges of our solar system to the ISS and Hubble Space Telescope. Without this capability, our Nation would be jeop-ardizing the safety of our manned oper-ations and depriving the world of the discoveries made by our space systems. It should be a commitment of the 
House to ensure that the funding for our space operations ensures strong support for the infrastructure and sup-port needed to maintain strong and ca-pable space communications. 
Again, I thank the committee for its 
work in crafting this legislation and strongly supporting space communica-tions in the past. It is my under-standing that the committee has pro-vided the space operations account with nearly $130 million more than it did in fiscal year 2015, and that it in-tends to support a robust level of fund-ing for the space communications com-ponent within this account. 
Is that understanding correct? I yield 
to the gentleman. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 30 seconds. 
I want to thank my good friend and 
colleague from New Mexico. He is abso-lutely right. We have increased funding for the space operations account by $129.5 million, and we will make sure that that funding is adequate to sup-port the space communications compo-nents with that increase. 
Mr. PEARCE. I thank the gentleman. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ), a 
fellow appropriator. 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank the ranking member for yield-ing, number one. Number two, I want to thank him for the steady leadership he has provided as the ranking mem-ber. I also want to thank my good friend from Texas, J
OHN CULBERSON . 
We go back to the State legislature. I thank him for his leadership on this one particular issue that I want to bring up today, and that is the work that we are doing together in adding 55 new immigration judges—the largest amount of immigration judges that we are going to have at one time. 
So I want to thank him for working 
together to add that money, as well as the accountability for those judges. We have got to make sure that we not only have the judges, but we have got to make sure that they move those cases with all due process given to every-body—and to move them as soon as possible. I also thank him for the work that we have done on Stone Garden and other border law enforcement needs. 
Why do we need those new judges? 
Because right now there are more than 450,000 pending cases. There is a large backlog of immigration cases. There are about 250 judges right now, with about 58 courtrooms across the Nation, but we need to do more. 
If you look at the casework of an im-
migration judge, that person will han-dle about 2,100 cases. If you look at a Federal judge, that judge will handle about 440 cases. You can see the large amount of cases that we have. 
So, basically, some of those cases are 
taking about 2
1⁄2years to handle, and 
therefore we need to make sure that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.036 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3671 June 2, 2015 
have the judges in place to handle the 
backlog that we have. 
Just to give you an example, just in 
the last 6 months, 170,000 people crossed the border. Therefore, we need those judges. 
To conclude, I want to thank the 
chairman and his staff, as well as the ranking member and his staff. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, it 
is my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ), my good friend. 
Mr. WALBERG. I thank the chair-
man. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today deeply 
concerned by the increase of heroin and opioid abuse in Michigan and around the country. 
In Jackson, six heroin-related deaths 
have happened since March. In April, in Monroe County, three people overdosed in a 24-hour period. Last year, Lenawee County, my home county, had seven drug-related deaths in the first three quarters. Sadly, we hear similar stories in far too many communities across Michigan. 
Today’s CJS Appropriations bill in-
cludes essential funding to assist States and localities to combat drug- related problems, including over $400 million to advance strategic plans to address the growing heroin and opioid epidemic and $372 million to tackle prescription drug abuse. 
It will take all of us working to-
gether—concerned citizens, treatment providers, law enforcement, elected of-ficials at every level—to fight this growing epidemic and keep our homes and streets safe. 
I appreciate the work of the chair-
man of the committee on this, and I support it. 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ), who has led 
the Democratic effort in terms of science, and I particularly thank her for her leadership on NASA. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, let me express my appreciation and respect for the chair as well as the ranking member of the subcommittee. 
I really do respect the work, but I do 
rise in opposition to H.R. 2578. It rep-resents a missed opportunity to help the Nation’s research and innovation enterprise at a time when that help is urgently needed. 
Until the mismatch between the 
House budget resolution and the needs facing our country is addressed, we are going to continue to fall behind, both in our efforts to maintain our global competitiveness and our efforts to maintain R&D capabilities we need right here at home. 
As ranking member of the Science, 
Space, and Technology Committee, I would like to use some of my time to address some specific concerns that I have with the bill, which I elaborate on in my statement for the R
ECORD . 
In short, the bill’s report language 
would make arbitrary and ideologi-cally driven cuts to NSF social 
sciences and geoscience research pro-grams. In addition, the bill’s funding would put NSF’s new headquarters building at risk, adding cost growth and schedule delays. 
With respect to the National Insti-
tute of Standards and Technology, in addition to the funding cuts, I am par-ticularly concerned about the report language that would gut the critical fo-rensic standards activities already un-derway at NIST, as well as the bill’s language that would covertly, without any hearings, debate, or authorizing legislation, eliminate an entire agency, the National Technical Information Service. 
The bill would also make significant 
cuts to NOAA’s budget, including cli-mate research and NOAA’s Polar Fol-low On weather satellite program. 
Finally, the bill would make deep 
cuts to NASA’s Earth Science Pro-gram, disrupting activities that will help us better understand our home planet and the climate change that is occurring right now. 
Mr. Chairman, in closing, as I said 
before, the bill is a missed opportunity, and I cannot support it in its current form. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 
2578. While I respect the work put into the bill by my colleagues on the Appropriations Com-mittee, I am afraid that it represents a missed opportunity to help the nation’s research and innovation enterprise at a time when that help is urgently needed. 
As other speakers have noted, this bill is the 
result of a fundamentally flawed House budget resolution that provides insufficient allocations for critically important activities of the federal government, including investing in our future. Until that mismatch is addressed, we are going to continue to fall behind, both in our ef-forts to maintain our global competitiveness and our efforts to maintain the R&D capabili-ties we need here at home. 
As Ranking Member of the House Science, 
Space, and Technology Committee, I would like to use my remaining time to address some specific concerns I have with the bill. 
With respect to the National Science Foun-
dation, I have two specific concerns beyond the overall funding level. Following the direc-tion contained in the report accompanying this bill would result in a 15–20% cut to each of the social sciences and geosciences direc-
torates at NSF. Let me be clear. These are ar-bitrary and ideologically-driven cuts that reflect a lack of understanding of how science works, and a lack of understanding of the great im-portance of these fields of research to our na-tional interests. Moreover, with these cuts we stand to lose a generation of talent and exper-tise in fields essential to the wellbeing of this nation, and we may never recover from that loss. 
Second, I must comment on the flat-funding 
for the NSF operations account. NSF is al-ready in the midst of building a new head-quarters in Alexandria, and the funding pro-vided to NSF in this bill may very well result in delays and therefore increased cost for that building. This is a clear-cut case of the Con-gress being penny-wise and pound foolish. 
With respect to the National Institute of 
Standards and Technology, I am concerned about the funding cuts to all of the accounts. 
I am particularly concerned about the report language that would gut the critical forensics standards activities already underway at NIST, and the bill language that would covertly, with-out any hearings, debate, or authorizing legis-lation, eliminate an entire agency, the National Technical Information Service. NTIS performs both essential and perhaps nonessential ac-tivities. This bill would throw out the baby with the bathwater without any consideration given to the consequences. 
The CJS bill we are considering today fails 
short in a number of ways in its treatment of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Admin-istration. It cuts the NOAA budget 5 percent below current spending and more than 13 per-cent below the President’s request. This cut will have a significant impact on NOAA’s abil-ity to provide local communities and decision- makers with the information they need to ef-fectively manage the nation’s resources and protect the lives and property of every Amer-ican. 
I am especially concerned about the lack of 
support for NOAA’s efforts to maintain con-tinuity in our polar observing capabilities. The President’s budget request included $380 mil-lion to fund a Polar Follow-on program. This program would help mitigate a potential gap in this critical data by building robustness into our satellite constellation. As many of you know, accurate weather forecasts and warn-ings are vital for the economic security of the United States, and we must ensure NOAA has the resources it needs now to ensure the long- term health of our satellites. 
Additionally, I am concerned about the bill’s 
$30 million dollar cut to NOAA’s climate re-search activities. Addressing climate change is our most pressing environmental challenge and NOAA’s climate research furthers our un-derstanding and the implementation of effec-tive adaptation and mitigation strategies. We should be doing more to combat climate change, not less. 
Finally, with respect to NASA, while I’m 
pleased that the Committee on Appropriations has proposed a strong top-line for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration that is consistent with the President’s overall request, I am troubled by the way that funding is allo-cated. In particular, I cannot support the deep cuts made to NASA’s Earth Science program. Given the leadership role NASA plays nation-ally in studies of the Earth system, including climate change, these cuts will do serious long term damage if enacted into law. 
In addition, I question the proposed reduc-
tion to the Orion crew vehicle program from the FY 2015 funding level, especially given the concern expressed in the report language about NASA’s ability to test all human-rated systems on the first Exploration Mission–1. I also question the proposal to fund the Safety, Security, and Mission Services account, which is critical to maintaining a world class work-force and infrastructure, below the President’s request. 
Mr. Chairman, in closing, as I said before, 
this bill is a missed opportunity, and I cannot support it in its current form. 
I yield back. 
b1500 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, it 
is my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.037 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3672 June 2, 2015 
Mr. ROSS. Thank you, Chairman 
CULBERSON , and thank you for pre-
senting this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support 
of an important amendment that will be offered by my colleague, Represent-ative B
LAINE LUETKEMEYER , to defund 
the Department of Justice program known as Operation Choke Point. 
Created under the guise of a program 
to root out banking fraud and money laundering, Operation Choke Point has been used by administration bureau-crats to pressure and force banks to end relationships with legitimate busi-nesses it considers objectionable or a ‘‘reputational risk.’’ 
This administration has targeted le-
gitimate small businesses such as fire-arm and ammunition dealers, cigar shops, pawn stores, payday lenders, and others. The backdoor effort to target legitimate law-abiding businesses it does not like and to coerce banks to choke off relationships with these le-gitimate businesses is contrary to our Nation’s fundamental principles of freedom. 
In voting to defund Operation Choke 
Point, I will be voting to rein in this out-of-control administration and its assault on small, legal, legitimate businesses. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ), a gentleman who, in 
this House, has spent a great deal of time providing leadership in terms of small businesses and connecting them up with our research institution. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. I thank my friend for 
yielding and for his work on the Appro-priations Committee. 
I want to say that, Mr. Chairman, I 
understand the constraints that the chairman is working under, and I ap-preciate his work on those items that were mentioned by Ranking Member F
ATTAH and other Members on this 
side. 
I rise in opposition to this bill be-
cause it fails to fund scientific research at levels we need to spur innovation and remain competitive as a Nation. In particular, I want to call attention to report language in the bill that will re-sult in cuts to the social sciences and geosciences of over $250 million. 
The NSF is the largest single source 
of funding for basing research in our country in a variety of fields, and that is especially true for the social sciences. 
Some will say these cuts are needed 
to prioritize research in other areas, but this approach of limiting funding for social science is misguided for sev-eral reasons. 
First, other areas of research are al-
ready heavily prioritized at the NSF. In fiscal year 2015, the NSF will spend only 3.7 percent of its budget on social science research—clearly not an out-sized priority. 
This is especially true when you con-
sider that social science research saves lives and money. It was NSF-funded so-cial science research that developed the kidney transplant program that 
has led to thousands of successful donor-patient pairings that had not been possible before. 
Spectrum auctions conducted by the 
FCC were made possible by economic research sponsored by the NSF. These auctions raise billions of dollars for taxpayers and will free up chunks of spectrum so we can stay at the cutting edge of wireless technologies. 
Social science research is also crit-
ical for cybersecurity, as we have heard from many expert witnesses in the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. Most cyber breaches occur be-cause of human factors, and social science is vital in addressing this grave security risk. 
For these reasons, I am urging my 
colleagues to oppose these cuts and to oppose this bill. We need to do better for scientific research for the sake of our country, our economy, and our jobs. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, 
could I inquire as to how much time re-mains on each side? 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. D
UNCAN of 
Tennessee). The gentleman from Texas has 7
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to my good friend from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ). 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, one of 
the greatest innovations that has ever been developed by man to connect peo-ple from every corner of the Earth, whether in cafes or homes or in schools, is the Internet. 
The reason the Internet has expanded 
and grown around the world and has been such an engine for innovation is the fact that the Internet embodies the American idea of free speech. That very idea of free speech in the Internet is under attack because the adminis-tration and some people in this institu-tion want to see the core functions of the Internet be transferred to a foreign body that doesn’t share our idea of free speech. 
Let’s keep the Internet open. Let’s 
make sure that we continue with the great American idea of free speech not just here in America, but in every cor-ner of the globe because the Internet will embody that idea of free speech. 
The Internet was made in America. 
Let’s keep the core functions of the Internet in America. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I have 
one remaining speaker, so I reserve the balance of my time to close. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, it 
is a distinct privilege to yield 3 min-utes to the gentlemen from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the distinguished chairman of 
the full Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee, my colleague and good friend. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank my friend, the chairman of the Commerce, Justice, Science Sub-committee of the Appropriations Com-mittee for yielding me time. I thank the chairman, also, and his 
staff, especially John Martens, Leslie Albright, and Ashley Schiller, for working with the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
I especially appreciate the chair-
man’s support for prioritizing the fund-ing of the basic research at the Na-tional Science Foundation. This re-search—especially in the areas of math and physical sciences, biology, com-puting, and engineering—holds the promise of breakthroughs that will trigger technological innovation, jump-start new industries, and spur economic growth. 
This bill ensures that NSF is trans-
parent and accountable to American taxpayers about how their hard-earned dollars are spent and that NSF-sup-ported research is in the national in-terest. 
The House CJS Appropriations bill 
also addresses concerns about the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration’s costly satellite pro-gram. In addition, this bill encourages NOAA to include private sector in-volvement in the space-based weather industry. 
Finally, I thank Chairman C
ULBER -
SON for his reprioritization of NASA 
planetary science, which implements the Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s NASA authorization re-ported in April. 
I further look forward to working 
with Chairman C
ULBERSON and Chair-
man R OGERS to fully fund the Orion 
and Commercial Crew programs so that we can once again launch American as-tronauts on American rockets from American soil. 
Again, I thank my friend from Texas, 
Chairman C
ULBERSON , for his enthu-
siasm and initiative and urge my col-leagues to support this bill. 
Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman C
ULBERSON and 
the staff of the Commerce-Justice-Science Ap-propriations Subcommittee, especially John Martens, Leslie Albright and Ashley Schiller for working with the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee. I particularly appre-ciate your support for prioritizing the funding of the basic research at the National Science Foundation. 
This research, especially in the areas of 
math and physical sciences, biology, com-puting and engineering, holds the promise of breakthroughs that will trigger technological in-novation, jumpstart new industries and spur economic growth. 
This bill also supports other language in the 
America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, which passed the House two weeks ago. 
It ensures that NSF is transparent and ac-
countable to American taxpayers about how their hard-earned dollars are spent and that NSF-supported research is in the national in-terest. 
The National Science Foundation has 
played an integral part in funding breakthrough discoveries in numerous scientific fields such as lasers, the Internet and nanotechnology. 
However, NSF has also approved dozens of 
grants for which the scientific merits and na-tional interest are not obvious, to put it politely. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.038 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3673 June 2, 2015 
These include a climate change musical, a 
Norwegian tourism study, a grant on human- set fires in New Zealand in the 1800’s, a study of lawsuits in Peru in the 1600s, and a grant on the causes of stress in Bolivia. 
This bill supports the policy that every NSF 
public announcement of a grant award must be accompanied by a non-technical expla-nation of the project’s scientific merits and a certification of how it serves the national inter-est. This reinforces the standards set forth in the America COMPETES Act of 2015. 
The House CJS appropriations bill also ad-
dresses concerns about the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s (NOAA) costly satellite program. 
It ensures that appropriate oversight access 
is given to the Office of the Inspector General, the Government Accountability Office, and NOAA’s own Independent Review Team. Like-wise, recommendations from these bodies will help guide the satellite programs as they 
move closer to their anticipated launch dates. 
In addition, this bill encourages NOAA to in-
clude private sector involvement in the space- based weather industry. 
NOAA’s costly satellite programs have his-
torically been plagued with management prob-lems. Encouraging NOAA to purchase serv-ices from the private sector will allow for a more robust, cost-effective and efficient weath-er forecasting system that will help save lives and property. 
I look forward to offering an amendment 
shortly, with Chairman C
ULBERSON ’s support, 
to further enhance NOAA’s weather research of near-term, affordable and attainable ad-vances in observational, computing and mod-eling capabilities. The amendment will result in substantial improvements in weather fore-casts. 
Finally, I thank Chairman C
ULBERSON for his 
re-prioritization of NASA planetary science, which implements the Science Committees’ NASA Authorization reported in April. 
I further look forward to working with Chair-
man C
ULBERSON and Chairman R OGERS to 
fully fund the Orion and Commercial Crew Programs so that we can once again launch American astronauts on American rockets from American soil. 
The Commercial Crew program will allow 
the U.S. access to the International Space Station without depending on Russia. The Orion program will expand human reach into deep space and serve as an emergency backup for the Commercial Crew program. 
As we move forward with a Conference with 
the Senate, I hope that we can identify ways to support these programs more robustly, per-haps by moderating the growth of other ac-counts such as Earth Science, which has in-creased 63 percent since 2007 while other areas of NASA have remained flat. 
Again, I thank my friend from Texas, Chair-
man C
ULBERSON , for his enthusiasm and initia-
tive on this bill and urge my colleagues to sup-port it. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
have no additional speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
We are going to move into a process 
of amendments in which the House will work its will, but I think the general debate has illuminated a host of areas where we agree and a few areas where we disagree. The last speaker, my good friend 
from Texas, L
AMAR SMITH, who has 
done a lot of work, as he mentioned, there are some areas where we remain in disagreement, which is the notion that we should make some of these changes in terms of science prioritization are issues that not just are there disagreements between the parties, but there is vast concern in the scientific enterprise in the Nation, that we would interject perhaps a viewpoint into science that would move away from merit-based processes. 
On that point, I look forward to the 
amendment process, and I thank the House for listening to our points of view. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
As we conclude the debate on this 
bill, it is important for all of us here today to know that, Members of the House, this process is open. Members can come down to the floor and offer an amendment, 5 minutes per side. 
We have in this bill prioritized our 
funding, as we all do in our private life and our business life. Following the good advice of financial guru Dave Ramsey, you don’t spend money you don’t have, and try to eliminate debt at all possible costs. 
We in the majority have done our 
very best to make sure that we are liv-ing within our means. Although the budget caps—I know there is a great deal of frustration among my Demo-crat colleagues on the limitations on spending. That is the law that was sug-gested initially by the White House. 
It is important that we do all that we 
can to minimize the debt that we pass on to our children and grandchildren. The budget caps are reality, and we have, within the limitations that we have, prioritized the funding in this bill to make sure that law enforcement is number one; the FBI and the Depart-ment of Justice are taken care of; that the National Science Foundation, in fact, is funded at a historically high level. We have given them a $50 million increase. 
We have also funded NASA at a his-
torically high level since the Apollo program. I would certainly like to see the American space program given more. As more money becomes avail-able, if we find an opportunity as we move through conference, of course, we will work hard to make sure that we will plus-up funding for the sciences and space exploration everywhere we can. 
I heard my colleagues mention the 
Legal Services Corporation, which does important work in representing the poor. We will certainly do our best to find additional funding there. 
I will also be filing legislation to give 
attorneys a tax deduction, dollar for dollar, for work that they do donating their time to the poor. I think that is a far better way to get legal services to the poor, through the Tax Code, rather than by appropriating our taxpayers’ 
hard-earned tax dollars. 
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, I want 
to point out to the Members that, above all, this legislation will ensure that the laws, as enacted by Congress, are enforced. If Federal agencies want the privilege of spending and using our constituents’ hard-earned tax dollars, they will need to demonstrate through their spending plans, through their presentations to this committee, that they are actually enforcing the law as written by Congress. 
We will, throughout the course of the 
year, engage in vigorous oversight to ensure that our money is not only wisely spent, that it is prudently spent, that it is only spent when absolutely necessary, but that our constituents’ hard-earned tax dollars are only spent to enforce the law as written by the people’s elected representatives. 
I urge my colleagues to join us today 
in voting for this important legisla-tion. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition 
to H.R. 2578. 
The Internet is one of the great American 
success stories in our history, benefitting bil-lions of people around the world. Congress has a longstanding and bipartisan commitment to a global, open Internet, free from govern-mental control. Our support for the decentral-ized, multi–stakeholder approach to Internet governance has enabled its growth as an un-paralleled platform for economic opportunity and democratic participation. 
Last year the National Telecommunications 
and Information Administration (NTIA) an-nounced that the U.S. government would take an important step to transition technical func-tions of the domain name system to the multi– stakeholder community. This transition of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) to the private sector has been a U.S. policy goal for two decades, through Republican and Democratic administrations alike. 
Since NTIA’s announcement, the multi– 
stakeholder community has stepped up to the plate to craft a transition proposal and en-hanced accountability measures needed in the absence of U.S. government stewardship. NTIA has articulated specific criteria for the transition proposal and made clear that any plan must advance our vision of a free and open Internet. 
Despite this significant progress, H.R. 2578 
includes language that blocks NTIA from using funds to relinquish the IANA functions. This limitation of funds is not only unnecessary, it sends the wrong message to the international community. Our diplomats point to the IANA transition announcement as a key factor help-ing us win allies and support for an Internet free of government control. As the U.S. Cham-ber of Commerce stated, this funding restric-tion ‘‘could result in harm to U.S. businesses and Internet users as a whole.’’ 
While I oppose this provision in H.R. 2578, 
I agree with my colleagues that the IANA tran-sition must be conducted carefully and trans-parently. That’s why I’m working with my Re-publican colleagues at the Energy and Com-merce Committee on legislation to ensure NTIA implements the IANA transition con-sistent with the principles we all support. Our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.008 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3674 June 2, 2015 
legislation will address concerns about trans-
parency and accountability, while reaffirming our commitment to the transition. 
While I cannot support the funding restric-
tion in H.R. 2578, I stand ready to work with my colleagues on responsible oversight of the IANA transition. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-
eral debate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
During consideration of the bill for 
amendment each amendment shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent and shall not be sub-ject to amendment. No pro forma amendment shall be in order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appro-priations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amend-ments each at any point for the pur-pose of debate. The Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole may accord pri-ority in recognition on the basis of whether the Member offering an amendment has caused it to be printed in the portion of the C
ONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD designated for that purpose. 
Amendments so printed shall be con-sidered read. 
The Clerk will read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
H.R. 2578 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums 
are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, namely: 
TITLE I 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE 
I
NTERNATIONAL TRADE ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS AND ADMINISTRATION  
For necessary expenses for international 
trade activities of the Department of Com-merce provided for by law, and for engaging in trade promotional activities abroad, in-cluding expenses of grants and cooperative agreements for the purpose of promoting ex-ports of United States firms, without regard to sections 3702 and 3703 of title 44, United States Code; full medical coverage for de-pendent members of immediate families of employees stationed overseas and employees temporarily posted overseas; travel and transportation of employees of the Inter-national Trade Administration between two points abroad, without regard to section 40118 of title 49, United States Code; employ-ment of citizens of the United States and aliens by contract for services; rental of space abroad for periods not exceeding 10 years, and expenses of alteration, repair, or improvement; purchase or construction of temporary demountable exhibition struc-tures for use abroad; payment of tort claims, in the manner authorized in the first para-graph of section 2672 of title 28, United States Code, when such claims arise in for-eign countries; not to exceed $294,300 for offi-cial representation expenses abroad; pur-chase of passenger motor vehicles for official use abroad, not to exceed $45,000 per vehicle; obtaining insurance on official motor vehi-cles; and rental of tie lines, $472,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which $10,000,000 is to be derived from fees to be retained and used by the International Trade Administration, notwithstanding sec-
tion 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Pro-
vided , That, of amounts provided under this 
heading, not less than $16,400,000 shall be for China antidumping and countervailing duty enforcement and compliance activities: Pro-
vided further , That the provisions of the first 
sentence of section 105(f) and all of section 108(c) of the Mutual Educational and Cul-tural Exchange Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2455(f) and 2458(c)) shall apply in carrying out these activities; and that for the purpose of this Act, contributions under the provisions of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Ex-change Act of 1961 shall include payment for assessments for services provided as part of these activities. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 3, line 10, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(decreased by $23,600,000)’’. 
Page 28, line 22, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(decreased by $2,733,000)’’. 
Page 30, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $293,000,000’’. 
Page 47, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(decreased by $45,000,000)’’. 
Page 49, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(decreased by $52,500,000)’’. 
Page 72, line 7, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $270,000,000)’’. 
Page 72, line 7, after the second dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $266,900,000)’’. 
Page 72, line 12, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(decreased by $4,000,000)’’. 
Page 72, line 14, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(decreased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Mr. GOODLATTE (during the read-
ing). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous con-sent that the amendment be considered as read and printed in the R
ECORD . 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment re-
stores necessary funding for the Fed-eral Prisoner Detention program. 
The Marshals Service assumes cus-
tody of individuals arrested by all Fed-eral agencies and is responsible for the housing and transportation of pris-oners from the time they are brought into Federal custody until they are ei-ther acquitted or transferred to the Federal Bureau of Prisons’ custody for incarceration. 
The FPD program provides housing, 
medical care, and transportation for Federal prisoners housed in non-Fed-eral facilities and has an average daily population of approximately 45,000 pris-oners. This funding is critical to ensur-ing that the United States Marshals 
Service can provide safe, human care and custody for the approximately 204,000 Federal prisoners it will be re-sponsible for in fiscal year 2016. 
b1515 
Mr. Chairman, the fiscal year 2016 
Commerce, Justice, Science Appropria-tions bill falls nearly $400 million short of the funding necessary to maintain the Marshals Service’s prisoner deten-tion operations. This matter must be corrected. My amendment would sim-ply reduce less critical accounts to make up for this astounding shortfall. 
This amendment reduces youth men-
toring programs by $45 million, leaving a generous sum of $50 million for youth mentoring. 
My amendment also zeros out the 
new, unauthorized grant program to improve police-community relations. While this concept may have merit, the creation of such a program is the re-sponsibility of the House Judiciary Committee. 
This amendment also reduces funding 
for the International Trade Adminis-tration by 5 percent and for the Com-munity Relations Service by 20 per-cent. 
Finally, my amendment leaves $30 
million in funding for the Legal Serv-ices Corporation to administer existing grants and to promote pro bono efforts. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ), 
the chairman of the subcommittee, who has worked with my staff very diligently on a number of issues related 
to this matter, and I would be prepared to withdraw this amendment in lieu of all the difficulties he has in finding funds for the priority he has but, none-theless, hoping that he will acknowl-edge that this is a priority that has been shortchanged and that we need to make sure that not only are these pris-oners able to be held, and held accord-ing to law, but also that it does not give rise to prisoners being released in circumstances where they otherwise should be held in incarceration. 
So I am hoping that, if the gen-
tleman would agree moving forward to help us try to find additional funds for this account, perhaps the gentleman from Pennsylvania would be willing to help as well, and I would be willing to withdraw the amendment. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
look forward to working with the chairman of the Judiciary Committee to ensure that these prisoners are not released. I will work diligently with my colleague from Philadelphia to find additional funds as we move forward in the process. The last thing we want is these people being released. 
It has been a privilege for me to work 
with you and your staff. I am very privileged to follow in the footsteps of your colleague from Virginia, Frank Wolf, who was chairman of the CJS Subcommittee, and I have continued that close working relationship. We will do everything we can to find fund-ing to make sure that these Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.011 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3675 June 2, 2015 
prisoners are not released early. That 
is a subject near and dear to my heart. I am very sensitive to it. 
We had a Federal judge in Texas run-
ning our prisons for 25 years, William Wayne Justice; and I sued him, as a State representative, to end his control over the prisons because one of the main things he was doing was causing the early release of prisoners to go vic-timize Texans, which is utterly unac-ceptable. So this is a top priority. I will work with the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ATTAH ). 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. I obviously would work 
with the chairman on this and a whole range of other items. The offsets that you have identified would be very prob-lematic, from my point of view. But I will work with the chairman. We need to make sure we fully fund the U.S. Marshals Service. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I thank the chair-
man and the ranking member. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GUINTA  
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 3, line 10, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 42, line 24, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 44, line 6, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from New Hampshire and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Hampshire. 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of my amendment to the Commerce, Justice, Science Appro-priations bill to increase the funding for our Nation’s drug courts by $5 mil-lion. 
Drug courts keep people in treatment 
and can be one of the most effective intervention programs for those suf-fering from drug addiction. And just as important, these courts reduce crime, save money, and serve families and children affected by substance abuse. 
Drug and substance abuse directly 
impacts our States, communities, law enforcement, and families across the country. In the past 5 years alone, in my home State of New Hampshire, overdoses have increased fivefold. Last year in the Granite State, deaths from heroin and illicit drug use exceeded auto-related deaths in the State. Drug 
use and abuse have devastated count-less families from the Granite State. 
Drug courts are transforming the 
criminal justice system across our Na-tion by creating a systematic response to substance abuse and crime as an al-ternative to incarceration. It is not every day that we get to directly save lives in government. The drug courts program has proven to do just that. 
I would also like to acknowledge and 
thank my colleague from Massachu-setts, Congressman L
YNCH , for working 
with me on this amendment to ensure this much-needed funding. 
I urge my colleagues to support my 
amendment as we continue to tackle the drug abuse epidemic that is plagu-ing communities around our Nation. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. GUINTA. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment. 
Drug courts are a proven way to get 
a good outcome for people who are ar-rested for drug offenses. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ATTAH ) and 
the subcommittee have already funded the drug courts at $41 million, $5 mil-lion above the request. I think the gen-tleman’s amendment is a worthwhile increase, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. GUINTA. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, even though I am not op-posed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, on that, 
I want to say something, and then I will yield to my colleague. 
I led the effort in my home State to 
create drug courts when I was in the State senate before any of my gray hairs. They have worked out spectacu-larly well in many places throughout the country. So I support the gen-tleman from New Hampshire’s amend-ment. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ). 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank the gentleman from New Hamp-shire (Mr. G
UINTA ). He and I were of a 
similar mind in terms of this amend-ment, and I am delighted that the chairman has accepted the amendment. 
We understand the good that drug 
courts do in our society and in our sys-tem. It actually combines the re-sources of family, the courts, law en-forcement, substance abuse agencies, our local and town governments, State governments, and, of course, the Fed-eral Government as well. 
Drug addiction in the United States 
is an epidemic that affects every city and town across America, and it cuts across every demographic. It leaves in 
its wake shattered lives and families and costs taxpayers hundreds of bil-lions of dollars annually. 
The National Institute on Drug 
Abuse estimates that the total overall cost of substance abuse in the United States, including lost productivity and health and crime-related costs, exceeds $600 billion every year. The institute also reports that drug addiction treat-ment has been shown to reduce associ-ated health and social costs by far more than the costs of treatment, itself. Drug courts can be the first step on the road back for those suffering with addiction. 
Drug addiction is a disease, and peo-
ple under the influence often act out of character. Society is beginning to rec-ognize that we need to deal with addic-tion and its outcome in a way that can have a positive effect on individuals and their families and communities. I believe drug courts offer this oppor-tunity by providing a support system and a road map for moving forward. 
The drug courts are specialized dock-
ets which handle cases involving drug- and/or alcohol-dependent offenders charged with nonviolent offenses deter-mined to have been caused or influ-enced by their addiction. 
I have visited many of the prisons in 
my State, and I would say, in some cases, 80 to 90 percent of those inmates who are in there have dual addictions at the root of their problems. 
I do want to recall the support that 
we received in the past from the former chairman, Frank Wolf of Virginia, who is a good and decent man, and we miss him here. But I am glad to see that the current chairman is of a similar mind, and I want to thank him as well. 
Mr. GUINTA. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to echo the 
sentiments of the gentleman from Mas-sachusetts. This is a worthwhile at-tempt to try to help and heal families, address our process of incarceration, but also to make sure that we are doing the right thing for families across not just our region in New Eng-land, but across the country. 
I would also like to thank Appropria-
tions Committee Chairman R
OGERS and 
Subcommittee Chairman C ULBERSON  
for their hard work not just on this component, an amendment to the bill, but the overall bill and the commit-ment to this particular issue. Again, I would urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Hampshire (Mr. G
UINTA ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . REICHERT  
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.044 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3676 June 2, 2015 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 3, line 10, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $1)’’. 
Page 4, line 21, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $1)’’. 
Page 7, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000,000)’’. 
Page 42, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $100,000,000)’’. 
Page 43, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $100,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Washington and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Washington. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to thank Chairman C
ULBERSON  
and Chairman R OGERS for working to-
gether with Representatives P ASCRELL , 
DENT, and H ERRERA BEUTLER to de-
velop this amendment. 
I rise today to offer this critical 
amendment with the colleagues that I just mentioned. This amendment in-creases the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program by $100 million and decreases the Census Bureau by an equal amount. 
Last year, the COPS Hiring Program 
received bipartisan support and was funded at $180 million in the omnibus. Unfortunately, the underlying legisla-tion completely eliminates the COPS Hiring Program. 
While we cannot restore COPS Hiring 
Programs and add them back into the bill due to House rules governing con-sideration of appropriation measures, we can help ease the burden and miti-gate the impact of the program’s elimi-nation on local law enforcement by passing this bipartisan amendment. 
To continue to meet the needs of po-
lice departments across the country, this additional $100 million for Byrne JAG should specifically be used for grants to police departments for hir-ing. Ensuring the safety of our commu-nities and neighborhoods should be one of our first priorities, and we cannot do without a sufficient number of police officers. 
Mr. Chairman, the police officers and 
law enforcement agencies across this country are asked to do more and more with less and less, and let me just give you some examples. 
When I was the sheriff in Seattle, I 
provided deputies to Federal task force efforts, the Joint Fugitive Task Force; the Joint Terrorism Task Force; the HIDTA Task Force, the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area Task Force; the fusion center; and I could go on with some others. 
The role that local law enforcement 
plays in the efforts of Federal law en-forcement are integral. They are inter-connected. They can’t be separated. It is a team effort from the Federal law enforcement agencies to the local law enforcement agencies. And sometimes people in this Chamber get confused as to what the local law enforcement’s role is when it comes to Federal re-sponsibility. 
I will just give you an example of one 
of my own personal experiences. Early in my career as a police officer, a sher-
iff’s deputy on the streets in the mid- seventies, I made a traffic stop. I came across a young lady who happened to be in the employment of somebody who was connected to a crime syndicate within the Washington State area who was operating human trafficking oper-ations from Texas to Anchorage, and not only that, but they were involved in drug trafficking. 
So I developed this informant as a 
patrol officer driving around in my pa-trol car. You would never think that I might have the opportunity to bust a big case like this. But this is just an example of the day-to-day activity that police officers operate in, and they col-lect this information. I took it to the Federal agency responsible. I went to the DEA. 
I had a secret meeting in a hotel 
room in downtown Seattle. The inform-ant wouldn’t trust the Federal operatives, but she trusted me. So I had to bring her there. We came up with a plan for me to travel to Texas. It is a long story. I won’t get into the rest of it. But I think that everyone in this room gets the picture of how crit-ical it is for us to integrate Federal and local law enforcement and that we have a responsibility, as the United States Congress, on the House side and on the Senate side, to support those ef-forts. 
b1530 
As matter of fact, Mr. Chairman, I 
was hired under a Federal grant in 1972 called the PEP program. I would not have had a 33-year career if I wasn’t hired with Federal money. So this $100 million is going to be so much appre-ciated by our men and women. 
I want to mention just one other 
criminal aspect of this bill. It is not perfect. No bill is perfect. The law en-forcement community is not perfect. We are not perfect. Congress is not per-fect. The community is not perfect. We need to stop looking at the negative and the bad in all of these organiza-tions together and start looking at the good, come together, and figure out a solution to bringing police and commu-nity together. 
Today there aren’t enough cops on 
the street. The community policing program has, in some parts of this country, been eliminated or cut back. So school resource officers are gone in some communities. Storefront officers are gone. They are gone, Mr. Chairman, and we need to bring them back. We can do it together. We can solve this problem and keep our community safe. 
I appreciate the gentleman and the 
time you have allowed me. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment, even though I am not in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I gladly 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ), my chairman, 
if he has any more to add on this mat-ter before I yield to my colleague over here. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I thank the gen-
tleman, just to say that, as you know, we discussed in full committee that the purpose of our bill was to shift the COPS hiring because it has not been re-authorized a number of years over to the Byrne JAG Program, which can be used for hiring because these are grant applications that can be tailored for your specific community. You can be sure the money is targeted precisely for your needs in Seattle or Philadel-phia, so the Byrne JAG Program money can indeed be used for hiring po-lice officers. 
I strongly support the gentleman’s 
amendment because it will allow more community hiring of police officers, and that is a good thing. God bless all our law enforcement officers, and we can’t give them enough support. 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ). 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the ranking member and my brother in the Law Enforcement Cau-cus, D
AVID REICHERT , from Washington. 
I want to thank my colleagues who 
have joined in a strong show of bipar-tisan support for the COPS program, Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. D ENT 
included. 
Let us be clear what this amendment 
does. The Reichert amendment in-creases funding for the Byrne JAG by $100 million for hiring purposes, a crit-ical step—I think, an important mes-sage. 
Our amendment is supported by the 
major voices in the law enforcement community, including the National As-sociation of Police Organizations, the Major County Sheriffs Association, the Fraternal Order of Police, and the Ser-geant Benevolent Association, so I urge my colleagues to support it. 
But despite all of the debate about 
community policing happening across our Nation, as Mr. R
EICHERT referred 
to, the American people need to know that, despite what our amendment does, the underlying bill eliminates the 
Federal COPS Hiring Program. It is simply unacceptable that every year we ask the law enforcement commu-nity to do more and more with less and less. 
Mr. Chairman, in last year’s House 
bill, the COPS program was cut by $109 million, 61 percent. So we can pontifi-cate all we want about how we are be-hind the police officers of this country, but what we continue to do with suc-cessful programs, successful programs by any account, cut and cut. We were able to restore some of the money thanks to D
AVID REICHERT and a few 
other people from both sides of the aisle, thanks to you, Mr. Chairman and Mr. Ranking Member. 
This year—this, despite being joined 
by over 150 of our colleagues from both 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.047 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3677 June 2, 2015 
sides of the aisle in asking the com-
mittee to support the COPS program— you gutted it. We can’t even amend it. It is done. It is over. 
As a cornerstone of the Federal Gov-
ernment’s efforts to assist State and local law enforcement, COPS Hiring has funded over 127,000 public safety of-ficer positions. D
AVID REICHERT was on 
the front line. He can speak to the issue over and over again. He has been there and done it. I just can talk about it. 
Mr. Chairman and Mr. Ranking Mem-
ber, it is plain and simple. Fewer cops on the beat mean more crime on the street. Fewer cops on the beat mean more crime on our streets. I ask you— I ask you to do everything in your power, as you have done in the past—to restore what I think is probably one of the most efficient programs in the en-tire Federal Government, the COPS program. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, let me say in conclu-
sion that I join with the chairman. I support this amendment. I support the COPS program. 
For 20 years, the Federal Govern-
ment has been engaged in this, launched under President Clinton, which has reduced crime in our coun-try, has saved lives, has made commu-nities safer. And even though there is some disagreement about the author-ization, there is no disagreement, I don’t believe, that we should be pro-viding resources. I think the gentleman 
articulated on the front end of this dis-cussion how intertwined local police are with our Federal law enforcement efforts and how critically indispensable they are in these efforts. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I thank the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, if I could point out to 
my good friend from New Jersey what we have done is simply shift the pro-gram over to the Byrne JAG Program, because with Byrne JAG you can cus-tomize your application for New Jer-sey, for Philadelphia, or for Seattle. You can hire police officers under the Byrne JAG Program. We shifted the program over to Byrne JAG because it is far more effective and can be tai-lored to your community. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I strongly support 
this amendment because with this amendment we are restoring the fund-ing for the COPS Hiring Program, but doing it through a far more effective and locally tailored program, the Byrne JAG Program. So I would urge all my colleagues to support this bipar-tisan amendment. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, we are 
in agreement, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POLIQUIN  
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 3, line 10, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $44,000,000)’’. 
Page 6, line 20, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $8,000,000)’’. 
Page 7, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $36,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Maine and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Maine. 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, families in northern, 
central, western, and downeast Maine are some of the hardest working, most honest people you can find in the coun-try. They expect and they want a more effective and a more accountable gov-ernment that works for them, sir, and not against them. 
Now, one of the most important jobs 
of the Federal Government is to make sure that we protect American workers against unfair and unlawful trade prac-tices. This is very clear in our Con-stitution, and the Founding Fathers made this clear to us all. 
Today, here in Washington, the 
International Trade Administration is responsible for enforcing these trade rules. Last year, three of our major paper mills in our district, the Second District of Maine, in Bucksport, Old Town, and Millinocket, closed. Mr. Chairman, 1,000 of the most skilled paper makers in the world are no longer working, and those 1,000 pay-checks are no longer flowing to their families to help them care for their kids. 
This year in central Maine, in Madi-
son, Maine, a fourth paper mill is now facing difficulty and has temporarily shut down a couple of times and fur-loughed another 200 workers. Now, if you talk to the folks that own the mill and work on the floor in Madison, they cite two reasons: number one is the high cost of energy to run their ma-chinery; secondly, a provincial govern-ment in Canada has provided about $125 million of unfair subsidies to a com-peting paper mill across the border. These subsidies, which are unlawful and unfair, have allowed this com-peting paper mill to buy new equip-ment and to subsidize the cost of en-ergy to run their machinery. As a re-sult, the price of supercalendered paper that is made across the border and also in Madison, Maine, has plummeted, causing our mill in Madison to tempo-rarily shut down and furlough its work-ers. 
Now this, Mr. Chairman, is not right, 
and this is not fair. American workers are the best in the world. We can com-pete with anybody in any industry in the global marketplace as long as it is a level playing field. As our office, Mr. Chair, got involved 
in this issue, the ITA made it very clear to us that they did not have the staff able to fully address this issue in what we believe to be a full, thorough, and comprehensive investigation, in-cluding a number of different paper mills, when it comes to these unfair subsidies. 
Up in our district, we are very frugal. 
We are fiscal conservatives. The folks in Maine can stretch a dollar, Mr. Chair, wider than anybody else in the country. So I am not suggesting that we increase the size of government and we increase spending. Quite the oppo-site. I believe our government is too big and too intrusive. However, I do have a solution to this problem. 
My amendment, Mr. Chair, asks that 
we transfer less than 5 percent of the funding this year going to the Census Bureau to the ITA such that they have the resources to thoroughly and effec-tively conduct an investigation dealing with these unfair provincial subsidies in Canada. 
Now, not only will a thorough and 
fair investigation help our workers at the Madison mill in central Maine, but it will also help the backlog of cases at the ITA that affect tens of thousands of workers in various industries all throughout America. We all know in this room, on both sides of the aisle, that fair trade results in more jobs. 
All of us here in this Chamber want 
to make sure we do everything hu-manly possible to help our companies grow, be more competitive, more suc-cessful, and hire more workers. When that happens, Mr. Chairman, our work-ers have better lives with more oppor-tunities, more freedom, and less gov-ernment dependence. 
This is about jobs, Mr. Chair, and it 
is all about national security. I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, 
Republicans and Democrats, to please support this amendment to make sure that we have fair trade in this country. 
Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
reluctantly rise in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
ask my colleague to consider with-drawing the amendment. I would like to work with him to ensure that this case is investigated. The ITA is funded at a level of over $470 million. 
I can only imagine how devastating 
this must be to the families there in Madison, Maine, that have lost their jobs and had their jobs furloughed and suspended because of an unfair subsidy right across the border. This is exactly what ITA is supposed to be doing. The Appropriations Committee has extraor-dinary influence over these agencies, and this is exactly the kind of case the ITA should be working on. 
I want to pledge to you my full sup-
port and assistance in making sure that this case is investigated and pur-sued aggressively if you consider with-drawing the amendment, because the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.049 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3678 June 2, 2015 
Census has gotten hammered pretty 
hard. They just had $100 million trans-ferred over to COPS Hiring. And if we could, I would certainly like to work with you as we move forward in ensur-ing that this case is investigated and handled. 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. I would also work with 
the chairman on this matter to make sure this is fully reviewed and inves-tigated. 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Maine. 
b1545 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Thank you, Mr. 
Chair. I appreciate it very much. 
Although I do believe, sir, that jobs 
are more important than counting peo-ple, we will use the full authority of our office to help our workers at the Madison Mill to make sure that we do everything to have a level playing field. 
I will withdraw this amendment, and 
I accept your pledge to do everything within your power and authority to please help our paper workers, the most skilled in the world, in central Maine. 
Mr. CULBERSON. We will be on it 
and help you. I look forward to doing so aggressively and in a timely man-ner. Thank you very much. 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chair, I ask 
unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Maine? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
BUREAU OF INDUSTRY AND SECURITY  
OPERATIONS AND ADMINISTRATION  
For necessary expenses for export adminis-
tration and national security activities of the Department of Commerce, including costs associated with the performance of ex-port administration field activities both do-mestically and abroad; full medical coverage for dependent members of immediate fami-lies of employees stationed overseas; em-ployment of citizens of the United States and aliens by contract for services abroad; payment of tort claims, in the manner au-thorized in the first paragraph of section 2672 of title 28, United States Code, when such claims arise in foreign countries; not to ex-ceed $13,500 for official representation ex-penses abroad; awards of compensation to in-formers under the Export Administration Act of 1979, and as authorized by section 1(b) of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 223; 22 U.S.C. 401(b)); and purchase of passenger motor vehicles for official use and motor ve-hicles for law enforcement use with special requirement vehicles eligible for purchase without regard to any price limitation other-wise established by law, $110,000,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided , 
That the provisions of the first sentence of section 105(f) and all of section 108(c) of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2455(f) and 2458(c)) shall 
apply in carrying out these activities: Pro-
vided further , That payments and contribu-
tions collected and accepted for materials or services provided as part of such activities may be retained for use in covering the cost of such activities, and for providing informa-tion to the public with respect to the export administration and national security activi-ties of the Department of Commerce and other export control programs of the United States and other governments. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk involv-ing page 3, line 10. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the Clerk will report the amend-ment. 
There was no objection. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 3, line 10, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $311,788,000)’’. 
Page 98, line 20, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $311,788,000)’’. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I think 
we have passed that point in the bill. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
had risen before we had passed that point in the bill and was not recog-nized. 
Mr. FATTAH. I don’t think it is any 
fault of your own. I am just saying for the technical matter I think that we have. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California has two amendments at the desk, one to the pending para-graph and one to the previous para-graph. 
The Chair is entertaining the one to 
the previous paragraph by unanimous consent. 
Mr. FATTAH. Is this the one that the 
Clerk just read? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
correct. That is the amendment that the Clerk just read and addressing page 3, line 10. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment enacts a CBO rec-ommendation to eliminate the trade promotion activities of the Inter-national Trade Administration to save almost $312 million. 
What does the ITA do exactly? Well, 
it has some legitimate functions en-forcing trade agreements and treaties. This amendment leaves these functions untouched. 
But the ITA also does trade pro-
motion activities. To quote from its own material, it ‘‘provides counseling to American companies in order to de-velop the most profitable and sustain-able plans for pricing, export, and the full range of public and private trade promotion assistance. . .as well as market intelligence, and industry and market specific research.’’ 
Well, this is all well and good, but 
isn’t that what businesses and trade as-sociations are supposed to do and used to do with their own money? Why 
should taxpayers pay for the profits of private companies? 
If a specific business or industry is 
the sole beneficiary of these services, shouldn’t it be the sole financier of them, either individually or collec-tively through trade associations? 
True, this program has been around 
for generations, but Franklin Roo-sevelt, who was hardly a champion of smaller government, had the right idea when he slashed its budget in 1932 and closed 31 of its offices. The problem is that reform didn’t take. ITA now has over 250 offices and several thousand personnel around the world. 
The ITA’s authorization lapsed in 
1996—19 years ago. It has not been re-viewed or authorized by Congress since then, but we still keep shoveling money out the door. 
Although it hasn’t been reviewed by 
Congress in all of these years, it has been thoroughly weighed by the Con-gressional Budget Office, the Office of Management and Budget, and the President’s fiscal commission, and they have all found it sadly wanting. The Simpson-Bowles report summed it up nicely when they said: 
‘‘Services provided by ITA’s U.S. 
Commercial Services and other divi-sions directly providing assistance to U.S. companies should be financed by beneficiaries of this assistance. While the agency charges fees for those serv-ices, its fees do not cover the cost of all of its activities. Additionally, it is ar-gued that the benefits of trade pro-motion activities are passed on to for-eigners in the form of decreased export costs.’’ 
Simpson-Bowles then goes on to say: ‘‘According to a study by the Office 
of Management and Budget, businesses can receive similar services from State, local, and private sector enti-ties.’’ 
This CBO option to eliminate ITA’s 
promotion activities saves $312 million in 2016 and $3.5 billion through 2024. 
Mr. Chairman, if the CBO, the OMB, 
and the President’s fiscal commission all agree this is wasteful and Congress hasn’t bothered to reauthorize it since it expired 19 years ago, why do we con-tinue to spend money that we don’t have duplicating services the bene-ficiaries of those services either don’t need or are perfectly capable of funding on their own? 
And if the companies that we are told 
directly benefit from these so-called ‘‘essential’’ services aren’t willing to fund them, maybe that is just nature’s way of telling us we shouldn’t be fleec-ing our constituents’ earnings to pay for them either. 
And why would we tap American tax-
payers to subsidize the export activi-ties of foreigners, as Simpson-Bowles notes? 
The rules of the House were specifi-
cally written to prevent this type of unauthorized expenditure, and they provide for a point of order to be raised if it is included in an appropriations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.051 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3679 June 2, 2015 
bill. That is exactly what we have here. 
But alas, that rule is routinely waived when these measures are brought to the floor, making this amendment nec-essary. 
This is a prime example of corporate 
welfare, and we ought to be done with it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
share my colleague Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ’s 
feeling about programs that are unau-thorized and share his passion for en-suring we don’t spend money we don’t have. 
But as the gentleman from Maine 
was just out here a moment ago, Mr. P
OLIQUIN has a perfect example of one 
of the really valid and very important functions of the ITA, and that is to identify subsidies that are unfair, that imbalance our trade with a foreign na-tion. As he pointed out, the Canadian Government is unfairly subsidizing a paper mill right directly across the border from his constituents in Madi-son, Maine, and caused the furloughing of workers at the Madison paper mill. And as I just pledged to Mr. P
OLIQUIN , 
I want to make sure that ITA is doing its job when it comes to identifying and enacting some measures to coun-terbalance unfair trade practices like that. 
I would agree with my friend from 
California: when it comes to promoting American business, that is the job of the Chamber of Commerce; when it comes to making sure that American businesses get the word out and shares information, that is something Amer-ican businesses ought to do; but when it comes to unfair subsidies given by foreign governments to their busi-nesses that cause American workers to lose their jobs, that is exactly what the ITA is designed to do. We need trade enforcement, we need countervailing duties, and we need export assistance. 
The amendment which the gentleman 
from California has offered looks to be about a 70 percent cut. I would be happy to work with you and find some ways to find savings within the agency when it comes to promoting American businesses because I am a big believer. Let the Chamber of Commerce do it. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. This amendment 
leaves all of those legitimate activities of the ITA intact. It still leaves $160 million of activities. All it does is to defund the trade promotion activities that the CBO recognized as being wasteful, as did OMB, as did Simpson- Bowles. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Well, the scale of 
the reduction to reduce the agency by $311,788,000 so abruptly is going to eliminate the ability, for example, to help Mr. P
OLIQUIN and other businesses like theirs across the country that are 
suffering from unfair subsidies by for-eign governments. So, unfortunately, I need to oppose the amendment. A 70 percent cut is simply not sustainable. And Mr. P
OLIQUIN , I think, made a very 
eloquent case just a moment ago for the type of work the ITA needs to do. So I would need to urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I would be happy 
to yield to my friend from Philadel-phia. 
Mr. FATTAH. I thank the gentleman. I also oppose the amendment. The 
business of our country is, I think, ap-propriate in making sure that our busi-nesses are not locked out of a market around the world. Only 2 percent of American businesses export anywhere, and we need to have a robust effort be-cause 90 percent of the world’s con-sumers live somewhere else. We do have a reality that other governments are aggressive about promoting their business opportunities. If we want Americans to have jobs here, some of those are connected to these opportuni-ties. So I thank the chairman, and I suggest that this is not an amendment that would be in the interest of the American business community or workers. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
think the scale of the cut would be dev-astating to the agency. Houston, Texas, is one of the premier exporting centers of the United States, and it is important that we do everything in our power. The Federal Government does have an obligation to enforce trade agreements to make sure that trade is fair and free and that subsidies that are unfairly used by foreign govern-ments to support their own industries, that we have got some way to counter-
balance that. That is the essential function of this agency. So, therefore, I would ask Members to oppose this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to reiterate that this does not in any way affect the enforcement activi-ties of the ITA. It does not in any way affect the measures that Mr. P
OLIQUIN  
of Maine just referenced. It affects only the trade promotion activities of the ITA that have been singled out time and again as being duplicative of what the companies profiting from these ac-tivities should be paying for them-selves or are duplicative of other pro-grams. It is only the trade promotion activities. None of the enforcement ac-tivities are affected by this amend-ment. I would ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION  
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAMS  
For grants for economic development as-
sistance as provided by the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965, for trade adjustment assistance, for grants authorized by section 27 of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3722), $213,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of administering 
the economic development assistance pro-grams as provided for by law, $37,000,000: Pro-
vided , That these funds may be used to mon-
itor projects approved pursuant to title I of the Public Works Employment Act of 1976, title II of the Trade Act of 1974, section 27 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innova-tion Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3722), and the Com-munity Emergency Drought Relief Act of 1977. 
M
INORITY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT AGENCY  
MINORITY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT  
For necessary expenses of the Department 
of Commerce in fostering, promoting, and developing minority business enterprise, in-cluding expenses of grants, contracts, and other agreements with public or private or-ganizations, $32,000,000. 
E
CONOMICS AND STATISTICS ANALYSIS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses, as authorized by 
law, of economic and statistical analysis pro-grams of the Department of Commerce, $100,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017. 
B
UREAU OF THE CENSUS  
CURRENT SURVEYS AND PROGRAMS  
For necessary expenses for collecting, com-
piling, analyzing, preparing and publishing statistics, provided for by law, $265,000,000: Provided , That, from amounts provided here-
in, funds may be used for promotion, out-reach, and marketing activities: Provided 
further , That the Bureau of the Census shall 
collect data for the Annual Social and Eco-nomic Supplement to the Current Popu-lation Survey using the same health insur-ance questions included in previous years, in addition to the revised questions imple-mented in the Current Population Survey be-ginning in February 2014. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NUGENT  
Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 6, line 20, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $4,000,000)’’. 
Page 44, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 46, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 42, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $4,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.055 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3680 June 2, 2015 
Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Chairman, each 
day more and more Americans are real-izing that we need to take action to deal with mental health issues in this country. We need to make it a priority. 
My amendment, in keeping with that 
sentiment, would provide additional funding for programs under the Men-tally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Act and for Veterans Treat-ment Courts. 
b1600 
These are programs with proven 
track records of effectively addressing some of the important issues associ-ated with mental health illnesses. My amendment would offset this increase by taking $4 million from the periodic censuses and programs account. 
Mr. Chairman, both of the programs 
that would receive an increase in fund-ing under my amendment highlight the need for our justice and mental health systems to work together. As a former sheriff, I can tell you that cooperation is vital. If our justice and mental health systems are collaborating, we can provide more positive outcomes not only for those with mental health illnesses, but for our taxpayers as well. 
Grants provided under MIOTCRA are 
used, among other purposes, to set up mental health courts, for community reentry services, and for training State and local law enforcement officers to help identify and deescalate mental health crises, which saves the lives of both the mentally ill and of the re-sponding officers. 
During my 37 years as a cop, I saw 
firsthand how our jails were becoming warehouses for people with mental health needs. No one is well served by this process, not those with mental ill-ness, not our taxpayers, and, certainly, as I spoke earlier, not our veterans. Let me provide you with some numbers to illustrate what actually is going on within our jails. 
According to the Florida Mental 
Health Institute, over a 5-year period, 97 individuals from Miami-Dade Coun-ty accounted for 2,200 bookings in the county jail; 27,000 days in the jail; and 13,000 days in crisis units, State hos-pitals, and emergency rooms. 
The cost to the State and to local 
taxpayers was nearly $13 million for just 97 people. However, the type of programs my amendment supports have been shown to dramatically re-duce those rates. 
In Pinellas County, for instance, 
which is another Florida county, a mental health jail diversion program showed an 87 percent reduction in re-arrests for the nearly 3,000 offenders who were enrolled. Not only does my amendment support these programs, but it also recognizes the unique re-sponsibility that we have to our vet-erans. 
Veterans are disproportionately af-
fected by mental health illnesses. Even more, they would likely not have these issues if it weren’t for their service to this country. We owe them a better outcome, and Veterans Treatment 
Courts can help. My point is that they are some of the best investments we can make. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the gentleman’s amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
support the gentleman’s amendment. Veterans courts and mental health courts do great work. It is a very im-portant role that they serve. 
I want to also thank the gentleman 
for his service as a police officer. We just simply cannot thank our police of-ficers enough for the good work that they do, and I strongly support the gentleman’s amendment. 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. I support the gentle-
man’s amendment, and I thank him for offering it. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
OLLINS ). 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I appre-
ciate the gentleman from Florida for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support 
of the Nugent-Collins amendment, which provides critical additional fund-ing for Veterans Treatment Courts and mental health courts. 
I have seen firsthand the difference 
that mental health courts and Vet-erans Treatment Courts can make. Over the course of the past few months in and around the Ninth District and all over Georgia, this is something that I have worked on not only in the State of Georgia, but also now in working na-tionally here with my friend from Flor-ida. 
Our jails are not mental health fa-
cilities, but we continue to use them that way, despite the fact that they are not in anyone’s best interest. By treat-ing the mentally ill with compassion, we can provide them a second chance to get better. 
We can also cut costs, empower 
States, reduce recidivism, and ensure that law enforcement officers can focus on protecting the safety of the public. By investing in Veterans Treatment Courts, we can better serve those who have served us, and we can address PTSD and related issues in a more meaningful way. 
I appreciate Mr. N
UGENT and his tire-
less leadership on this issue in advo-cating for a better, more sensible ap-proach. Together, we introduced the Comprehensive Justice and Mental Health Act, which would expand and further improve upon the mental health and Veterans Treatment Court 
programs that are funded by H.R. 2578. 
I just want to encourage everyone to 
support this amendment. Again, let’s take an honest, serious look at how we are dealing with those with mental health issues. 
Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ATTAH ). 
Mr. FATTAH. I talked to our col-
league from Georgia, who just spoke on this matter, and I know he has talked about how this is really critically im-portant for veterans. 
It is a population that we have to be 
concerned about, so I want to thank you again for offering this, and the chairman and I agree. 
Mr. NUGENT. In reclaiming my 
time, Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the chairman of the subcommittee and I appreciate the ranking member in their support of this because it really is about how we deal with our fellow man. 
It is about a way that we shouldn’t 
be criminalizing mental health dis-orders. That is the worst thing that we can do. As a police officer and as a sheriff for over 38 years, I have seen the effects of untreated mental illness, par-ticularly in the county jails where they are now warehoused. 
I truly do appreciate the support 
across the board, and I will tell you that our law enforcement officers and our correctional officers will support it also. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R
ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois). The question is on 
the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. N
UGENT ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
PERIODIC CENSUSES AND PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses for collecting, com-
piling, analyzing, preparing and publishing statistics for periodic censuses and programs provided for by law, $848,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , 
That, from amounts provided herein, funds may be used for promotion, outreach, and marketing activities: Provided further , That 
within the amounts appropriated, $1,551,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspec-tor General’’ account for activities associ-ated with carrying out investigations and audits related to the Bureau of the Census: Provided further , That not more than 50 per-
cent of the amounts made available under this heading for information technology re-lated to 2020 census delivery, including the Census Enterprise Data Collection and Proc-essing (CEDCaP) program, may be obligated until the Secretary submits to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate a plan for ex-penditure that (1) identifies for each CEDCaP project/investment over $25,000 (a) the func-tional and performance capabilities to be de-livered and the mission benefits to be real-ized, (b) the estimated lifecycle cost, includ-ing estimates for development as well as maintenance and operations, and (c) key milestones to be met; (2) details for each project/investment (a) reasons for any cost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.059 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3681 June 2, 2015 
and schedule variances, and (b) top risks and 
mitigation strategies, and (3) has been sub-mitted to the Government Accountability Office. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POE OF TEXAS  
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 7, line 8, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(reduced by $17,300,000)’’. 
Page 38, line 9, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $17,300,000)’’. 
Page 41, line 14, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $17,300,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
Congress has made it clear that it will not stand for this new scourge that we are finding in our country of human sex trafficking. The Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act passed the United States Senate 99–0, and it passed the House of Representatives before that with only 3 Members voting against it and all 400-plus voting for it. 
Modern-day slavery does happen in 
the United States. It is a multibillion- dollar business. It is second only to the international crime syndicates of drug trafficking for the amount of money that is raised. It is not time for us to lower the amount of money we have for grants that will assist the victims of this scourge. That is why my amend-ment brings in just $17.3 million to this fund that was cut. This $17.3 million will bring it up to last year’s level so that $43 million will go for victim serv-ices and victim grants. 
Where does this money come from? 
From where are we taking it? We are taking it out of the periodic censuses and programs and applying it to this fund. 
The periodic censuses and programs— 
let me make it clear—is not the con-stitutional census counting that is re-quired to be done by the Census Bu-reau. This is another program that the Census Bureau has. It is sometimes called the American Community Sur-vey, which is very intrusive. 
Without really much choice, it asks 
citizens numerous questions that are an invasion of their privacy. For exam-ple: What time do you go to work? What time do you get home from work? Does anybody in your household have a mental illness or disease? They are questions such as these that are very intrusive. The Census Bureau shouldn’t be asking these questions. 
Set aside that anyway. With this 
money, rather than asking people in the community—citizens—to tell us what time they go to work or what time they go during the day to dif-ferent appointments, like doctors’ ap-pointments, we should show the pri-ority of putting just $17 million of that 
money back into this appropriation to help the victims of trafficking. 
It will bring it up to last year’s level 
of a mere $43 million of grant money. That is what this legislation does. It ensures that we are telling trafficking victims there will be money available for grants to assist them and money available for law enforcement to assist them in their training. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment, even though I am not in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ATTAH ) is recognized for 5 min-
utes. 
There was no objection. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, first of 
all, this is where you can find the con-tradictions of public policy with the interjection of politics, right? 
I totally agree with the purpose, but 
I totally disagree with the underlying notion that this money is not impor-tant to the Census. First and foremost, I agree with the amendment and that we should invest in another $16 million in helping victims of human traf-ficking. 
It is a major problem in our coun-
try—in my part of the country, in your part of the country, and throughout our Nation. We should do more, so I support the amendment. 
I don’t want us to assume that the 
periodic census dollars are not impor-tant, however, and are not part of the constitutionally mandated census as they are part of the 2020 preparation. We will have to deal with that in some other way, but I don’t want to because I agree with the amendment. That is not to suggest that I agree with the un-derlying thought that this money is not important to the Census. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding, and I want to join him in supporting this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, we have a terrible 
problem in this country with human slavery and with human sex traf-ficking. My colleague from Texas is ex-actly right, and I strongly support his amendment. 
I also share his concern about the 
American Community Survey, and I in-tend to pursue aggressive oversight during the months ahead. I do think it is intrusive. Our right to be left alone as Americans is one of our most impor-tant rights, so I share the gentleman’s concern about the American Commu-nity Survey. 
We have a responsibility to make 
sure the Census is funded, but this is a very important amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it to help combat this disgraceful scourge of human trafficking. 
Mr. FATTAH. In reclaiming my time, 
I am glad that we are all in agreement. I don’t want families to be left alone, 
though, if they have someone who is suffering from mental health illnesses. 
The reason that question is asked in 
a community survey is so that, when we are doing funding for communities for mental health services, we know where the impact of those dollars can be most applied. The census is taken for a good reason, but let us agree for the moment on the amendment, and let’s move on. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the rank-
ing member and I thank the chairman, as well, for their comments. 
Mr. Chairman, the issue is not the 
American Community Survey. The issue is where we are going to get this money to bring this fund up to last year’s level. It is going to come from that portion of the Census that is about $800 million, and that is why that section was picked. We need to have this lively debate about the American Community Survey in some other setting. 
Right now, let’s take care of traf-
ficking victims in the United States and provide them grants, and let’s pro-vide law enforcement grants and vic-tim services grants so that they can help minor sex trafficking victims who are being trafficked throughout the United States. 
I appreciate the ranking member’s 
support and the chairman’s support. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
NATIONAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND  
INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses, as provided for by 
law, of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA), $35,200,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017: Provided , That, notwith-
standing 31 U.S.C. 1535(d), the Secretary of Commerce shall charge Federal agencies for costs incurred in spectrum management, analysis, operations, and related services, and such fees shall be retained and used as offsetting collections for costs of such spec-trum services, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided further , That the Secretary 
of Commerce is authorized to retain and use as offsetting collections all funds trans-ferred, or previously transferred, from other Government agencies for all costs incurred in telecommunications research, engineer-ing, and related activities by the Institute for Telecommunication Sciences of NTIA, in furtherance of its assigned functions under this paragraph, and such funds received from other Government agencies shall remain available until expended. 
PUBLIC TELECOMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES , 
PLANNING AND CONSTRUCTION  
For the administration of prior-year 
grants, recoveries and unobligated balances of funds previously appropriated are avail-able for the administration of all open grants until their expiration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.019 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3682 June 2, 2015 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK  
OFFICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses of the United 
States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) provided for by law, including de-fense of suits instituted against the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the USPTO, $3,272,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided , That the sum herein appro-
priated from the general fund shall be re-duced as offsetting collections of fees and surcharges assessed and collected by the USPTO under any law are received during fiscal year 2016, so as to result in a fiscal year 2016 appropriation from the general fund estimated at $0: Provided further , That 
during fiscal year 2016, should the total amount of such offsetting collections be less 
than $3,272,000,000 this amount shall be re-duced accordingly: Provided further , That any 
amount received in excess of $3,272,000,000 in fiscal year 2016 and deposited in the Patent and Trademark Fee Reserve Fund shall re-main available until expended: Provided fur-
ther, That the Director of USPTO shall sub-
mit a spending plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate for any amounts made available by the preceding proviso and such spending plan shall be treated as a re-programming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided 
further , That any amounts reprogrammed in 
accordance with the preceding proviso shall be transferred to the United States Patent and Trademark Office ‘‘Salaries and Ex-penses’’ account: Provided further , That from 
amounts provided herein, not to exceed $900 shall be made available in fiscal year 2016 for official reception and representation ex-penses: Provided further , That in fiscal year 
2016 from the amounts made available for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for the USPTO, the amounts necessary to pay (1) the difference between the percentage of basic pay contrib-uted by the USPTO and employees under sec-tion 8334(a) of title 5, United States Code, and the normal cost percentage (as defined by section 8331(17) of that title) as provided by the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) for USPTO’s specific use, of basic pay, of employees subject to subchapter III of chapter 83 of that title, and (2) the present value of the otherwise unfunded accruing costs, as determined by OPM for USPTO’s specific use of post-retirement life insurance and post-retirement health benefits coverage for all USPTO employees who are enrolled in Federal Employees Health Benefits (FEHB) and Federal Employees Group Life Insurance (FEGLI), shall be transferred to the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund, the FEGLI Fund, and the FEHB Fund, as appro-priate, and shall be available for the author-ized purposes of those accounts: Provided fur-
ther, That any differences between the 
present value factors published in OPM’s yearly 300 series benefit letters and the fac-tors that OPM provides for USPTO’s specific use shall be recognized as an imputed cost on USPTO’s financial statements, where appli-cable: Provided further , That, notwith-
standing any other provision of law, all fees and surcharges assessed and collected by USPTO are available for USPTO only pursu-ant to section 42(c) of title 35, United States Code, as amended by section 22 of the Leahy- Smith America Invents Act (Public Law 112– 29): Provided further , That within the 
amounts appropriated, $2,000,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspector Gen-eral’’ account for activities associated with carrying out investigations and audits re-
lated to the USPTO. 
N
ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND  
TECHNOLOGY  
SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL RESEARCH AND  
SERVICES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses of the National In-
stitute of Standards and Technology (NIST), $675,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which not to exceed $9,000,000 may be transferred to the ‘‘Working Capital Fund’’: Provided , That not to exceed $5,000 
shall be for official reception and representa-tion expenses: Provided further , That NIST 
may provide local transportation for summer undergraduate research fellowship program participants. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . EDDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON OF TEXAS  
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amend-ment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 12, line 9, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000) (reduced by $3,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
My amendment is intended to ensure 
that the important forensic standards work at the National Institute of Standards and Technology, or NIST, is fully funded. 
The criminal justice system relies on 
forensic science to identify and pros-ecute criminals and to exonerate the falsely accused. Justice is not served by either the falsely accused or the vic-tims and their families when the wrong person is imprisoned. 
In a series of investigations over the 
last few years, The Washington Post, the Innocence Project, and the FBI itself have reported on a flawed foren-sic work that may be responsible for wrongful convictions in thousands of criminal cases. 
b1615 
Innocent people have spent decades 
in prison, and our State certainly knows about many of them—my home county, as a matter of fact. Some may have already been put to death while the guilty have gone free. 
These investigations have covered 
hair analysis, bite mark analysis, and even DNA, which most people pre-viously believed to be 100 percent accu-rate and reliable. In short, there has been a steady stream of bad news about flawed forensic work being used in criminal court. And I worry that we are just seeing the tip of the iceberg. 
In a year 2009 report, ‘‘Strengthening 
Forensic Science in the United States: A Path Forward,’’ the National Acad-emy of Sciences found that the inter-pretation of forensic evidence is se-verely compromised by the lack of sup-
porting science and standards. 
Many forensic techniques and tech-
nologies lack a scientific foundation. Operational principles and procedures are not standardized, and there are often no standard protocols governing the reporting of forensic evidence. 
Since then, I have worked with col-
leagues in the Senate to develop legis-lation that would strengthen forensic science and standards. The administra-tion also took notice and has initiated several activities, even without direct action from Congress. The Department of Justice and NIST have become strong partners in this effort. Now, some of my colleagues on Appropria-tions would like to gut one of these core activities, the standards develop-ment work managed by NIST. 
For reasons that I cannot com-
prehend, the report language accom-panying this bill would forbid NIST from continuing the voluntary con-sensus standards development work al-ready underway through the forensics scientific area committees. These com-mittees coordinate development of standards and guidelines for the foren-sic science community to improve the quality and consistency of forensics evidence used by our justice system. 
These committees were established 
according to the longstanding and well- respected NIST process for developing voluntary consensus standards. As such, the membership of these commit-tees represent the full breadth and 
depth of stakeholder organizations, in-cluding forensic science practitioners, as well as academic scientists and engi-neers, law enforcement, and others. 
To the best of my knowledge, these 
committees have the support of the full range of stakeholders. Why would we stop, in its tracks, a voluntary con-sensus standards process that has prov-en itself effective time and time again? I can see no justifiable reason for try-ing to keep sound science out of the courtroom. 
Mr. Chair, since the language in 
question is in the committee’s report rather than the bill text and will not be sufficiently addressed with this amendment, I plan to withdraw this amendment but seek the approval of both the chair and the ranking member to help correct this language as we move toward the conference report. 
My colleagues, I hope, will work with 
the Senate to rectify this unjustified and unjust restriction. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Will the gentle-
woman yield? 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chair, I look 
forward to working with my colleague from Texas and with my colleague from Philadelphia on this matter as we move forward in the conference. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentlewoman 
yield? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.026 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3683 June 2, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chair, I also would 
work with the gentlewoman and the chairman on this. You know, the premise of our entire judicial system is that we would rather a guilty person go free than any innocent person be in prison. 
Forensic science has brought a lot to 
the business of better understanding actually what has taken place and to make sure that we don’t have innocent people incarcerated. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. With that, I ask unanimous con-sent to withdraw this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGY SERVICES  
For necessary expenses of the Hollings 
Manufacturing Extension Partnership of the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, $130,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . ESTY  
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 12, line 20, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $11,000,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 7, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $31,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from Connecticut and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Connecticut. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Chairman, we should 
invest in manufacturing, which plays such a vital role in innovation and competitiveness. The Federal Govern-ment is uniquely situated to help en-sure that manufacturing remains the backbone of the U.S. economy. 
My amendment fully funds the Manu-
facturing Extension Partnership pro-gram by increasing funding for the in-dustrial technologies account by $11 million. This program is the top pri-ority for the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce. Just earlier today, the Chamber listed fully funding the Manufacturing Extension Partnership at $141 million as its highest priority for the Com-merce, Justice, Science bill. 
My amendment is also fiscally re-
sponsible. It decreases funding for the Federal prison system by $31 million to ensure that this investment in manu-facturing does not affect our national spending. 
In Connecticut, we are proud to be a 
national leader in manufacturing. Our State is home to more than 5,000 manu-facturers that provide stable, good-pay-ing jobs for our families. For more than 20 years, our Manufacturing Ex-tension program, the Connecticut State Technical Extension Program, 
known as CONNSTEP, has been a trusted adviser for our small- and me-dium-sized manufacturing companies looking to grow their business and in-crease their workforce in sales. 
Since 2013, CONNSTEP’s clients have 
helped create 511 jobs, retained more than $527 million in sales, and realized cost savings of $81 million statewide. In Thomaston, in my district, Metallon, Incorporated, a metal stamping and as-sembly facility, partnered with CONNSTEP to help conduct internal quality auditing and secure new prod-ucts. Thanks to the partnership with CONNSTEP, Metallon expanded their workforce and increased sales by half a million dollars. 
Metallurgical Processing, Incor-
porated, a metal processing facility in New Britain, Connecticut, saw a 20 per-cent increase in production capacity and $181,000 in cost savings after work-ing with CONNSTEP to streamline product flow and improve production efficiency. 
CONNSTEP’s support for Con-
necticut business is critical to our con-tinued leadership in manufacturing, as we not only retain but grow these jobs statewide. I have seen firsthand how CONNSTEP’s support has successfully helped our manufacturers to be com-petitive in an increasingly globalized economy. 
But make no mistake, these suc-
cesses are not just in Connecticut. The Manufacturing Extension program has a proven track record of effective part-nerships with manufacturers all across the country. Since the MEP program started more than 25 years ago, centers across America have created more than 729,000 manufacturing jobs, saved com-panies more than $13.4 billion, and turned every dollar of Federal invest-ment into $19 in new sales growth. 
The additional funding of the MEP 
program will enable our centers to fully execute their mission and under-take a robust technology transfer pro-gram to help manufacturers take new discoveries from the research lab to the marketplace. 
I encourage all my colleagues to sup-
port my amendment to fully fund the Manufacturing Extension Partnership program and invest in our manufac-turing future. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment because our Federal prison system is already between 30 and 50 percent over-crowded. We have not built a new pris-on in the United States since 2009. It is vitally important that we have got these prisons in place to keep our most dangerous criminal offenders off the streets. 
The amendment that the gentle-
woman has offered would immediately prevent the Bureau of Prisons from ex-
panding its capacity and do severe damage to their ability to reduce over-crowding, which is a threat to the staff, a threat to the inmates, and a threat to the public. 
The gentlewoman’s amendment—I 
understand she is concerned—to sup-port the Manufacturing Extension pro-gram, we cannot do so at the expense of public safety. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Will the 
gentleman yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, the full com-mittee chairman. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I thank 
the chairman for yielding. 
It is no secret, Mr. Chairman, that 
there is a strain on our Nation’s prison system. As the inmate population con-tinues to rise, our prisons get more and more crowded every day. As the inmate population continues to rise, with 216,000 individuals currently serving Federal sentences, our prisons get more and more crowded every day. 
At the end of fiscal 2013—listen to 
this—25 percent of our medium secu-rity inmates and 85 percent of our low security inmates were triple bunked— triple bunked. Considering that 8 out of every 10 medium security inmates has a history of violence, this creates some very serious questions about the safety of the BOP staff, the public, and even other inmates. Updating our prisons will provide greater efficiency and staffing and permits staff to safely oversee more inmates. 
Our medium and maximum security 
prisons house some of the world’s most dangerous and violent criminals. The bill before us provides critical funding to the Federal Bureau of Prisons in order to modernize and strengthen our Nation’s prison infrastructure. These funds will help protect the public as well as the men and women who work at these facilities. It is imperative that we provide them a safe and secure envi-ronment within which to work. 
The Federal Government has a com-
mitment to keep the public and prison staff safe, and these dollars are needed to fulfill that commitment. So I oppose this effort to reduce funding for the Bureau of Prisons and urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amend-ment. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, re-
claiming my time, I want to point out the Manufacturing Extension program is already fully funded. They have got $130 million set aside for the program in the bill; and, quite frankly, the amendment would endanger the public because we would not be able to pro-ceed with the urgently needed con-struction of new prison facilities. So I urge my colleagues to join us in oppos-ing this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Chair, how much time 
do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Connecticut has 1
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.067 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3684 June 2, 2015 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentlewoman 
yield? 
Ms. ESTY. I yield to the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, let me 
just say that I rise in support of the amendment, and I think this shows the bigger picture here if the country has to choose between promoting manufac-turing and whether or not we can safe-ly operate the world’s largest prison system. We incarcerate more people than any other country in the rest of the world on a per capita basis. We need to be employing more people in manufacturing. This makes sense. I support the gentlewoman’s amend-ment. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
CONSTRUCTION OF RESEARCH FACILITIES  
For construction of new research facilities, 
including architectural and engineering de-sign, and for renovation and maintenance of existing facilities, not otherwise provided for the National Institute of Standards and Technology, as authorized by sections 13 through 15 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278c–278e), $50,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That the Secretary 
of Commerce shall include in the budget jus-tification materials that the Secretary sub-mits to Congress in support of the Depart-ment of Commerce budget (as submitted with the budget of the President under sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) an estimate for each National Institute of Standards and Technology construction project having a total multi-year program cost of more than $5,000,000, and simulta-neously the budget justification materials shall include an estimate of the budgetary requirements for each such project for each of the 5 subsequent fiscal years. 
N
ATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC  
ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS , RESEARCH , AND FACILITIES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses of activities au-
thorized by law for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, including maintenance, operation, and hire of aircraft and vessels; grants, contracts, or other pay-ments to nonprofit organizations for the pur-poses of conducting activities pursuant to cooperative agreements; and relocation of fa-cilities, $3,147,877,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, except that funds provided for cooperative enforcement shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided , That fees and donations received by 
the National Ocean Service for the manage-ment of national marine sanctuaries may be retained and used for the salaries and ex-penses associated with those activities, not-withstanding section 3302 of title 31, United 
States Code: Provided further , That in addi-
tion, $130,164,000 shall be derived by transfer from the fund entitled ‘‘Promote and De-velop Fishery Products and Research Per-taining to American Fisheries’’, which shall only be used for fishery activities related to the Saltonstall-Kennedy Grant Program, Co-operative Research, Annual Stock Assess-ments, Survey and Monitoring Projects, Interjurisdictional Fisheries Grants, and Fish Information Networks: Provided further , 
That of the $3,295,541,000 provided for in di-rect obligations under this heading $3,147,877,000 is appropriated from the general fund, $130,164,000 is provided by transfer, and $17,500,000 is derived from recoveries of prior year obligations: Provided further , That the 
total amount available for National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration corporate services administrative support costs shall not exceed $208,100,000: Provided further , That 
any deviation from the amounts designated for specific activities in the report accom-panying this Act, or any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this head-ing in previous years, shall be subject to the procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act: Provided further , That in addition, for 
necessary retired pay expenses under the Re-tired Serviceman’s Family Protection and Survivor Benefits Plan, and for payments for the medical care of retired personnel and their dependents under the Dependents Med-ical Care Act (10 U.S.C. 55), such sums as may be necessary. 
b1630 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . AUSTIN SCOTT OF  
GEORGIA  
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 14, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $200,000)’’. 
Page 98, line 20, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increase by $200,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Georgia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I would like to take a minute to tell you how we got here. 
As someone who fished in the Gulf of 
Mexico long before I got elected to Congress, when they started reducing the snapper season back in 2007, we had approximately 190 days to fish as the recreational angler. They have now taken that down to 10 days. 
Through the Gulf councils, the Na-
tional Marine Fisheries Service has worked through the councils to reduce the American recreational fishermen’s opportunity to fish for red snapper in the Gulf of Mexico by 95 percent since 2007. At the same time, they have in-creased quotas and allocations for the commercial sector. And most recently through the Gulf council, they cast a vote, 7–10, to split the recreational sec-tor, and they gave the for-hire rec-reational sector 45 days and the not- for-hire 10 days. 
Now, let me just explain what that 
means to you. It means that if you want to just take your family fishing, 
you have 10 days to do it. If you want to go in the other 35 days of that rec-reational season, you have to pay a charter boat captain to take you out. 
What happened with the council is 
three of the members who voted had a vested interest in the charter boat in-dustry that they did not disclose prior to the vote, even though Federal law required that they do it. Then, they turned around and cast that vote which personally benefited them, which, again, was illegal. 
I appreciate the committee working 
to put in the money for more data in an effort to get the recreational season 
back for the not-for-hire recreational angler, but to be honest with you, if you give them all the data in the world, no matter what it says, if they continue to conduct themselves in that manner, it won’t matter. They will simply allocate themselves more fish. 
So with that, Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition, but I am not opposed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. I understand the 
gentleman is going to withdraw his amendment, and he has identified a se-rious problem that he has brought to our attention that I want to work with my ranking member on. 
I understand that it sounds to me 
like we have got a clear violation of Federal law involved here, and I am very distressed to hear of this reduc-tion. It is a 95 percent reduction in the time available to individual Americans to fish, which is a very important part to all of us who live next to the Gulf of Mexico who go out and fish for red snapper. 
I am very concerned to hear about 
this failure to disclose the conflict of interest, and I would like to work with the gentleman from Georgia to help rectify this and make sure that the law not only is obeyed, but the agency is responsive to the needs of private fish-ermen. I would like to work with my colleague from Philadelphia on this. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, let me say that I thank the chairman and ranking member. This is something that needs to be rectified. If an illegal action was taken, it needs to be reversed. 
Based on your commitment to work 
with us on this amendment at this time, I look forward to having those discussions, and I ask unanimous con-sent to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BLUMENAUER  
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.070 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3685 June 2, 2015 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 14, lines 1, 18, and 19, after each dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $60,760,000) (in-creased by $60,760,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Oregon and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oregon. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 2 minutes. 
Sadly, the funding in this bill for 
NOAA’s climate research is shamefully inadequate and puts at risk efforts to mitigate and respond to the impacts of climate change. It cuts NOAA’s cli-mate research by $30 million relative to the current fiscal year’s inadequate level and is $61 million below the Presi-dent’s request. I am offering an amend-ment to restore the funding to the President’s level. 
All across America, we are dealing 
with the impacts of climate change. Extreme weather events, whether it is the recent floods in Texas, or the per-sistent 4-year drought in California, are regular events. They claim lives and cost billions of dollars each year. Floods, droughts, superstorms, wildfires, heat waves, and sea level rise are all made worse as a result of cli-mate change. 
We are no longer talking just about 
preparing for the future. It is hap-pening now. And the evidence is clear as we go from one extreme weather event to another that it is getting worse. 
NOAA climate research funds atmos-
pheric and oceanic research, coopera-tive institutes, universities, climate research laboratories, and others that will advance climate science and en-able better decisionmaking and better policies to make our communities more resilient. 
It makes no sense to defund pro-
grams to help us prepare for extreme weather events; mitigate the impacts of such events; prevent the loss of human life, infrastructure, and prop-erty; and better predict these occur-rences. 
Choosing to deny climate change 
does not stop it from happening, and failing to study and authorize these programs will not make the problem go away. In fact, it will only make us more vulnerable and hurt our ability to prepare for and respond to the impacts of climate change. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. The National Oce-
anic and Atmospheric Administration has a record level of funding in this bill for weather forecasting, which is where they need to focus their work: pre-dicting the future and telling American farmers, American workers, American industry, and the American people what the future holds. What does the next week, the next month, or hurri-cane season hold for the people of the 
Gulf of Mexico or the Atlantic Coast? 
So, in an era of scarce resources we 
have funded NOAA with a record level of funding for weather forecasting. We have made sure they have got all the money they need for maritime safety and for supporting and monitoring America’s fisheries. 
We have made sure in this bill that 
NOAA is focusing on their core func-tion, and that is looking to the future. That, of course, is going to involve looking at climate. But over the past several years climate funding within NOAA has received more than adequate funding, and we have to use the scarce, very precious, hard-earned taxpayer dollars that we are entrusted to appro-priate very carefully. We have to prioritize that funding, and within this bill, we have chosen to prioritize weather forecasting. 
I respect the gentleman’s judgment 
but would ask him if he could withdraw the amendment, and I look forward to working with him to ensure that NOAA has got everything they need to accu-rately predict the weather in the fu-ture. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
support the Blumenauer amendment. 
In business, we are always fighting 
the tendency of the long term giving away to the short term, the important giving away to the urgent and the im-mediate. 
I am deeply disappointed that this 
budget for climate research has been cut by $30 million. Now is not the time to cut climate research. 
From the floods in Houston to the 
drought in California, shifts in climate over the next few decades will cost American companies and American communities hundreds of billions of dollars. NOAA has the ability to do ad-vanced forecasting predictions cer-tainly for weather- and for ocean-re-lated phenomena, but they also have it for climate short- and long-term change. This ability is crucial to sup-port the future of our businesses, coastal cities, and environmental health. 
This Congress has repeatedly af-
firmed that climate change is real. We may have different ideas about the cause of climate change and certainly what we can do to combat it, but it makes no sense to slash the very re-search which will enable us to find ef-fective, bipartisan solutions. 
We must robustly fund climate 
science research, and I urge my col-leagues to support this amendment. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
understand the gentleman is going to withdraw the amendment, and I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I yield 1 minute 
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ATTAH ). Mr. FATTAH. In this bill there are 
three cuts: at NASA on the Earth Science program, the cut to the Na-tional Science Foundation in terms of the ability to focus on geosciences, and the issue that is raised by my great friend from Oregon, and they combine to make the point that there is not yet a consensus in one place. Even though there is a consensus in the scientific community, the majority still is not yet clear that climate is something that we need to focus on. 
I urge support for the Blumenauer 
amendment. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I 
respect my friend from Texas. I appre-ciate his willingness to work with me and his notion of putting more re-sources in forecasting, but that is not the issue here. 
What we need to be doing is having a 
robust effort at NOAA to be able to deal comprehensively with climate, being able to deal with how we help communities be more resilient, how we are able to deal with the forces that are down upon us to help the scientific bases to be able to maybe even encour-age this Congress to step up and do its job. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, 
could the gentleman be more specific about what it is he is asking NOAA to do? 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. It is our ability 
to provide reliable, long-term drought forecasts, projections of regional drought indicators, and issues dealing with the prediction of what happens in terms of flood research and perform-ance of climate and weather models. 
This is not simply a matter of pre-
dicting next week’s weather. This is dealing with long-term consequences 
and helping communities deal with the impact of climate change and being able to understand it better. 
Mr. Chairman, this is an entirely 
self-imposed constraint from my Re-publican friends. They have passed hundreds of billions of dollars of un-funded tax cuts out of committee. There is more than adequate money. 
Because the budget is so hopelessly 
inadequate, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Oregon? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GUINTA  
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 14, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $70,000,000) (increased by $70,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from New Hampshire and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Hampshire. 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I plan to 
withdraw this amendment, but I would like the opportunity to briefly explain. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.074 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3686 June 2, 2015 
The Saltonstall-Kennedy Act of 1954 
imposed a special duty on fish and fish products imported into the United States and required that 30 percent of the money collected by NOAA would go toward supporting fisheries and re-search and development on the indus-try’s long-term sustainability. How-ever, NOAA has not been properly pay-ing into its regional fishing grant pro-grams and is using these tariffs as part of its operational expenses. 
To ensure a thriving fishing industry, 
we must invest in initiatives that in-crease the stock of our Nation’s fish-eries by providing grants to research and monitor them as well as manage-ment programs. 
During my first term, I introduced 
legislation that would ensure that key programs critical to sustainably man-aging ocean fish populations and the fishermen and communities that de-pend on them would receive increased and sustained funding. 
I sincerely thank Chairman C
ULBER -
SONfor considering my appropriations 
letter and including the transfer of $130 million in existing funds to be used ex-clusively on Saltonstall-Kennedy fish-ing activity, particularly the S-K re-gional fisheries investment grant pro-gram. 
This transfer of funds will directly 
provide grants to regional fishery man-agement councils that would work with area fishermen to identify invest-ment priorities. These investment pri-orities include disaster assistance, im-proving shoreside infrastructure, sea-food promotion, and managing highly migratory species. 
The transfer of these funds will help; 
however, it is a temporary fix to a much larger issue. 
b1645 
This year, I, along with my friend 
Congressman B
ILLKEATING , have intro-
duced the same legislation that would ensure that NOAA follow the require-ment laid out in the Saltonstall-Ken-nedy Act of 1954. 
Again, I want to thank Chairman 
C
ULBERSON for taking my letter and 
thoughts into consideration. I appre-ciate the hard work of the committee on this issue and the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to work with the gentleman from New Hampshire on this issue as we move forward. I understand the im-portance of the issue. I appreciate very much you raising it here with us today, and we look forward to working with you. 
We do include language stating that 
certain funds may be used only for ac-tivities related to the Saltonstall-Ken-nedy Grant Program. We have worked with NOAA for the 
past several years to reduce their ad-ministration costs. We will continue to do so this year, and I will continue to work with you as we move forward through the process. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from New Hampshire? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 14, lines 1, 18, and 19, after each dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $30,000,000) (in-creased by $30,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to several of the critical ac-counts in the bill that have been cut, which my amendment would address. 
The CJS Appropriations Act specifi-
cally targets funding for NOAA’s cli-mate research programs by $30 million over currently enacted levels, a pro-gram so important for farmers, for businesses, for air safety, for so many different reasons. That is a 20 percent cut to programs that are imperative to our Nation’s ability and resilience in the face of climate threats. 
Twenty-five people were killed in the 
floods that saturated Texas last month. Damage from Hurricane Sandy was estimated at $700 billion back in 2012, and at least six people died in Boulder and Larimer County during the flooding that overtook my region in 2013. None of these places had ever seen storms like the ones they encoun-tered over the last 5 years, and each were unprepared to handle it. 
NOAA and its partner institutions 
have made a huge dent in preventing disasters like these by keeping first re-sponders, weather forecasters, busi-nesses, communities, and families on the cutting edge of data predictability and resilience, providing quality raw data, as well as helping to develop new algorithms for interpreting existing data. 
Two of our partner institutions, CU 
and CSU, are located in my district in Colorado. Together with NOAA, these institutions are developing unmanned atmospheric assessment aircraft that allow us to foresee changes in weather patterns, incoming storms, days before we could otherwise, saving lives and saving property damage. 
These are very real tangible benefits 
that benefit all and protect Americans, regardless of whether one believes in climate change or what is causing it. I urge my colleagues to consider a world 
without these capabilities and what that would look like. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. We have, as I said earlier, scarce re-sources this year. We have to prioritize the very precious and scarce hard- earned taxpayers dollars that we are entrusted to look after, and we have prioritized funding within NOAA for forecasting in the future. 
As I was telling Mr. B
LUMENAUER ear-
lier, Mr. P OLIS, we have made sure that 
NOAA has got a record level of funding for weather forecasting and most of the things that Mr. B
LUMENAUER was men-
tioning, in terms of forecasting drought, identifying where floods are going to occur. 
Looking forward, we have made sure 
that NOAA’s got all the money they need for forecasting in the future, and we have to, I think, do everything we can to avoid cutting other parts of NOAA that would impair the weather forecasting or the development, main-tenance, and operation of the weather satellites which could help NOAA in-form people of severe weather. 
We, on the Gulf Coast in particular 
and on the Atlantic Coast as well, de-pend on NOAA to give us accurate fore-casts of the paths of hurricanes. Hurri-cane season this year, they are pre-dicting—because of the increase in computing power of supercomputers, they are able to predict it looks like it is going to be—the hurricane season this year is not going to be as severe. 
That capacity of NOAA to use super-
computing power to look that far into the future is of vital importance, so we have made sure that they have got a record level of funding for forecasting. 
We also do not want to reduce 
NOAA’s capacity to support maritime navigation or to appropriately manage their fisheries. We just have limited re-sources, is the problem, Mr. P
OLIS; and 
I just have had to prioritize NOAA’s funding. 
We have put weather forecasting at 
the top of the list because of its vital importance for the economy and for the safety and security of the Amer-ican people. 
I understand you are planning to 
withdraw the amendment, and I would certainly look forward to working with you. As Mr. B
LUMENAUER mentioned a 
number of worthwhile endeavors that NOAA is engaged in, if you feel there are areas we need to work together on to get NOAA focused on to do a better job of forecasting in the future or other concerns, I would be happy to work with you. 
Mr. POLIS. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Colorado if he would like to engage in a colloquy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.078 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3687 June 2, 2015 
Mr. POLIS. I would like to emphasize 
the importance of climate science with regard to predicting weather. The more we know about climate and climate patterns, the more it enhances our ability to predict short-term weather phenomena; therefore, a dispropor-tionate cut to the climate science piece hampers our ability to anticipate weather patterns as well. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I look forward to 
working with you as we move forward 
in the process. I understand you are planning to withdraw the amendment. 
Mr. POLIS. I have additional speak-
ers. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ). 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Chairman, I think one of the most concerning things about this budget proposal is, without question, the proposal to cut $30 million to NOAA. That represents an approxi-mately 20 percent cut, as my colleague from Colorado was pointing out. 
Mr. Chairman, I find it interesting 
that those who would deny the science of climate change often like to say, Well, the jury is still out, we need more research; yet here we are, with a budg-et that will cut that very research. 
Mr. Chairman, just a couple of years 
ago, in my house in Philadelphia, we were riding out a hurricane. Hurricane Sandy ended up becoming Superstorm Sandy. We never imagined that, in Philadelphia, we would be experiencing the kind of hurricane that typically is experienced by Florida and the Gulf Coast States. 
As even a Republican Governor said 
at the time, it seems as if the storm of the century is now happening once every couple of years. 
Mr. Chairman, we desperately need 
this research. We need this funding. Let’s restore NOAA funding. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I am still trying to 
identify what precisely you are asking for because I think we are on the same page when it comes to forecasting and prediction. That is what you are asking for. 
Mr. POLIS. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. I wanted to inquire with 
regard to how the funding cuts would impact the development of the un-manned atmospheric assessment air-crafts that are critical to foreseeing changes in weather pattern. 
Mr. CULBERSON. If I could, we are 
going to make sure that NOAA has got all the—we have given them a record level of increase this year so they can engage and make sure we have got ac-curate forecasting. Whether it be through their aircraft or their super-computers or their modeling, they have got the resources they need to do accu-rate forecasting for the future. 
I am just trying to get a precise idea 
what it is you are looking for because I think we have given them all they 
need for forecasting, and that is what you are asking for. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, very spe-
cifically, this amendment would re-store the $30 million of cuts—namely, a 20 percent cut—a disproportionate cut to climate science activities, including unmanned atmospheric assessment air-crafts and including creating raw data streams that can be used by those who predict weather, as well as by farmers and businesses, because you can’t sepa-rate out weather and climate. 
I think, perhaps because of political 
reasons—I don’t know why—there is a disproportionate cut, 20 percent, to the climate science piece of NOAA. Now, that climate science piece of NOAA, just because it has the word ‘‘climate’’ 
in it, that doesn’t mean it is something where they are out there doing things that are political. 
What they are doing is they are try-
ing to research the macro effects of cli-mate on weather, on population and patterns, on dangers on ships. If the gentleman would simply allow that dis-cretion within NOAA, undo the 20 per-cent cut, we fund that within NOAA. 
We are not, nor can we, under the 
budget, seek new money. We are simply taking the $30 million and putting it back into the climate science program. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. POLIS. I yield to the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Thank you for 
yielding because I have just checked with my staff, and it appears that the money that we have allocated, a record level of funding for NOAA’s fore-casting, takes care of that aircraft. The money that we have allocated for NOAA for forecasting takes care of the data stream. 
That is why I kept asking what are 
y’all specifically asking for. We have taken care of it. We are deeply con-cerned with making sure that NOAA has got the money they need to predict hurricanes, to predict floods, to predict the terrible flooding that has taken place in Houston or the drought that has taken place in California. 
I think we are on the same page. I 
want to be sure the gentleman knows that I will work with him as we move forward in conference. If you can iden-tify something specific that NOAA does not have as a result of our record in-crease for forecasting, we will help you restore it. 
Mr. POLIS. Reclaiming my time, one 
of the areas we would love to work with you on is Cooperative Institutes funding, the partnerships that NOAA has with our institutions of higher edu-cation to better leverage our taxpayer dollars. 
I reserve the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to withdraw this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF TEXAS  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 14, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $21,000,000) (increased by $21,000,000)’’. 
Page 14, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $21,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
my amendment takes direct, strong ac-tion to address America’s weather fore-casting shortcomings in order to re-duce the loss of life and property from severe storms. 
The amendment I offer on behalf of 
myself; Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee Vice Chairman F
RANK LUCAS ; and Environment Sub-
committee Chairman J IMBRIDENSTINE  
directs that the full $120 million au-thorized in House-passed H.R. 1561, the Weather Research and Forecasting In-novation Act of 2015, be provided in the NOAA Operations, Research, and Fa-cilities appropriation account. 
The recent flooding in Texas and tor-
nados in Oklahoma demonstrate the immediate need to quickly implement better weather research and fore-casting by fully funding H.R. 1561. 
The House unanimously passed that 
bill just 2 weeks ago. We also unani-mously passed it over a year ago in April 2014. 
Now, thanks to Chairman C
ULBER -
SON’s initiative and support, the CJS 
bill will add the needed resources to transform our antiquated 1980s weather forecasting system into a 21st century weather enterprise in the next few years. 
Specifically, this amendment will 
provide $5 million more for weather lab research in NOAA, to total the $80 mil-lion authorized. The amendment will also provide $16 million more for weather research technology transfer in NOAA’s Office of Oceanic and At-mospheric Research, to total $20 mil-lion authorized to implement a labs and Cooperative Institutes research-to- operations program. 
This program will improve the under-
standing of how the public responds to warnings and transfer new technology to the National Weather Service, the American weather industry, and the academic partners. 
This new joint Technology Transfer 
Initiative should include support for the Vortex-SE project and development of advanced national and global cloud resolving models; quantitative observ-ing system assessment tools; atmos-pheric chemistry needed for weather 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.081 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3688 June 2, 2015 
prediction; and additional sources of 
weather data, which includes commer-cial observing systems. 
Once again, I appreciate Chairman 
C
ULBERSON ’s accepting the amendment, 
which will help save lives and reduce property damage. 
As the CJS Appropriations chairman, 
Mr. C
ULBERSON has proved himself to 
be capable, knowledgeable, and com-mitted to the country’s best interest. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does the gen-
tleman from Texas seek to rise in oppo-sition? 
Mr. CULBERSON. Well, I would like 
to seek some time in opposition, but I do not oppose the amendment. We have agreed to accept it and work this out. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania opposed? 
Mr. FATTAH. I am authentically op-
posed to the amendment, but I would also make an allowance to yield to my chairman after I make my comments. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
b1700 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ), the chairman of the 
subcommittee. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
just want to stress, if I could, that Chairman S
MITH has been very sup-
portive and cooperative. We have worked together arm in arm, as has his ranking member, who is also from Texas. This amendment is one that will help the Weather Service do a better job of forecasting. I think it is a good amendment. It is one that we have worked out together. I do urge Mem-bers to support it. 
I appreciate the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania yielding to me. 
Mr. FATTAH. Reclaiming my time in 
opposition, in all good, there is some bad. It is true that this amendment would offer some additional dollars for weather forecasting. But $16 million of it—the bulk of the $21 million—would go into technology transfer. Now, I am not opposed to technology transfer, but to take it out of the administrative work at NOAA, I have visited NOAA, and I understand how the operations there work. I have spent a lot of time learning about its operations. And I can tell you that NOAA cannot per-form the duties that our Nation needs without the administrative capabili-ties. 
It would be just like coming here to 
the Hill and expecting the Congress to function without our back office oper-ations. We would not be able to proceed forward. So I think that it is more im-portant for us to have an appropriate allocation so that we can meet these needs than it is to rob the administra-tive capability of NOAA at a time when we want to place more demands on it. I think that the amendment—even 
though moving towards additional help for weather forecasting—the bulk of it is for a technology transfer to the pri-vate sector, which I am all for, but it sounds to me like it is robbing Peter to pay Paul. 
On the floor, it may be easy to pass 
an amendment that cuts administra-tive costs at a government agency, but it may be something that we live to re-gret. So I stand in opposition to the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ), who is 
the chairman of the Environment Sub-committee of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to thank Chairman S
MITH 
for his leadership on this important amendment as well as Chairman C
UL-
BERSON . I thank them for working with 
us on this amendment. I know we have been working very hard to make sure that this is adequately funded and from the right sources. 
By fully funding the weather re-
search and technology transfer that was authorized by my bill, H.R. 1561, this appropriations bill now reflects the House’s will that NOAA prioritize activities that save lives and property. The funding will go to support critical work to increase the lead times that we receive for tornadoes. A lot of this critical work is being done at the Uni-versity of Oklahoma. I have heard al-ready that we were looking for more funding for some Cooperative Insti-tutes, and that is what this is. 
This is of extreme importance to my 
State, as I have already lost constitu-ents this year from tornadoes. It is my sincere belief that this appropriations bill now ensures that programs are funded that will eventually move us to a day where no one is killed in a tor-nado or other severe storm event. 
Again, I thank Chairman C
ULBERSON  
and Chairman S MITH for their leader-
ship on this issue. We need to adopt this amendment so that we can save lives and property, especially as it re-lates to my constituents in Oklahoma. 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 14, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,750,000) (increased by $1,750,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Massachusetts and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Massachusetts. 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I am 
prepared to offer and withdraw my amendment. 
I rise for the purpose of engaging in 
a colloquy with the chairman and the gentlewoman from Maine. 
Since 1972, the National Marine Fish-
eries Service has utilized trained fish-ery observers to monitor and assess the health of fish populations along the coast of the United States, providing critical data gathered from commercial vessels that is then used to guide NOAA in determining best practices for conservation and sustainable manage-ment. 
The fishing industry is a willing and 
engaged partner in supporting the use of on-vessel observers. However, fol-lowing a legal challenge, this August, NOAA will run out of funding to con-tinue paying for this mandated pro-gram. 
I have heard from fishermen from the 
south coast of Massachusetts, to Cape Cod and the islands, to the south shore who are still struggling from the im-pacts of diminishing groundfish stocks and worry they will be unable to cover the burden of this cost. 
Our region is still reeling from the 
collapse of the groundfish industry that prompted Federal disaster relief. This is particularly true for some small fishing businesses, where this added burden can be the difference between success and failure as a business. 
I am working with my New England 
and Massachusetts colleagues and NOAA to find an interim solution. And as we look to 2016, I ask that we work to provide adequate funding for at-sea and dockside monitoring for fisheries with approved catch share manage-ment plans that impose observer cov-erage as a condition for new and ex-panded fishing opportunities. We also can use this time, I believe, to seek cost-effective technological alter-natives, where appropriate. 
I yield such time as she may consume 
to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ). 
Ms. PINGREE. I thank my colleague 
from Massachusetts and Chairman C
ULBERSON for chatting with us about 
this particular issue. 
Mr. Chairman, as has been already 
stated here by my colleague today, there is never a good time to ask our fishermen to take on a cost of this size that we are discussing here. But now is an even worse time than most because it will be asking those who make their living on the Gulf of Maine to pay for onboard monitors when the ground fishery is struggling. I understand the tough position that NOAA is in due to tight budgets, but times are even tougher on the men and women who make their living from groundfish right now. 
I hope NOAA can find a way to avoid 
making them pay for onboard mon-itors, and whatever the short-term so-lution is, I think NOAA should look at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.084 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3689 June 2, 2015 
ways to conduct monitoring through 
the use of onboard cameras or other cost-effective electronic technologies. 
I hope the chairman will be willing to 
work with us on this and with NOAA on this issue that affects so many of our hard-working constituents. 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to take this time to thank the chair and ranking member for their willingness to engage in what really is an important issue. I look forward to working together with Chairman C
UL-
BERSON and Ranking Member F ATTAH  
on this issue. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. KEATING. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
look forward to working with the gen-tleman from Massachusetts. I recog-nize how important the Northeast Multispecies Sector Management Pro-gram is, and I look forward to working with the gentleman and my colleague from Philadelphia as we move forward through conference. 
Mr. FATTAH. We are going to work 
to get to a more satisfactory resolu-tion. 
Mr. KEATING. I thank the ranking 
member and the chair. 
Mr. Chairman, at this time, I ask 
unanimous consent to withdraw this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CLAWSON OF  
FLORIDA  
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 14, line 1, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 25, line 3, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, this afternoon I am introducing an amendment which would take $2 million from the Department of Jus-tice’s legal activities, salaries and ex-penses, general legal activities current budget of $885 million, which has been flat over the last several years, and I would put this $2 million, instead, to NOAA in their operations, research, and facilities fund—specifically di-rected to NOAA’s National Marine Fisheries Service Habitat Conservation and Restoration initiative. 
This nationwide initiative includes 
hundreds of community-based habitat restoration projects that conserve or restore America’s precious native spe-cies and critical water quality restora-tion. 
This amendment is consistent with 
the focus of my office to cut govern-ment spending and motivate our civil 
servant management teams to achieve higher cost efficiencies throughout the Federal Government and to focus more on critical environmental priorities. In short, less administration expense; more money for water, fish, and atmos-phere. 
Back in April, I introduced an 
amendment to H.R. 2028, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, with Representative P
ATRICK MURPHY of 
Florida that would move $1 million of the Army Corps of Engineers’ salary and expense budget to construction projects in the Corps, like the South Florida Ecosystem Restoration and the Herbert Hoover Dike. 
This amendment today likewise will 
help fund critical habitat projects across America, including important work in my district, like the Galt Pre-serve Restoration Project in St. James City; the Clam Bayou Oyster Reef Res-toration and Evaluation of Seagrass and Water Quality on Sanibel Island; the Ding Darling Mangrove Restora-tion Project on Sanibel Island; Flor-ida’s Bay Scallop Metapopulation Sta-bilization at Pine Island Center; the Mangrove Conservation Initiative in Naples; and the Sam Williams Island Mangrove Restoration and Tarpon Bay Hydrologic Restoration on Marco Is-land. 
Habitat restoration plays an impor-
tant role in all of our communities and in the lives and welfare of our constitu-ents, especially mine. America’s eco-system is the lifeblood of so many of our American communities, economies, and culture. Let’s do everything we can to preserve it. 
Fisheries contribute more than $70 
billion to the gross domestic product. Nationwide, commercial and rec-reational fishing, boating, tourism, and other industries provide more than $28 million jobs. Together, coastal water-shed counties contribute more than $4.5 trillion to the GDP. An estimated 53 percent of the current population live in coastal communities. More than 60 percent of our coastal rivers and bays are moderately or severely de-graded by nutrient runoff. This was my original reason for getting into poli-tics. We live with this nutrient runoff in my district, in my backyard, every day. It looks bad. It smells bad. It is a pitiful situation. 
One added fact: according to NOAA’s 
studies, 17 to 33 jobs are created for every $1 million invested in habitat restoration. 
I say today, let’s save a little bit of 
money, save a lot of jobs. It is good ec-onomics. It is good policy. It is good conservation. And I urge both sides to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, but I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment. It is a worthwhile cause and one that we have worked together closely on. So I would urge Members to support the amendment. I look forward to working with you as we move through conference to make sure this is addressed. It is a problem through-out the Gulf Coast and one you are very right to focus Congress’ attention on. 
I urge Members to support the 
amendment. 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I also 
rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. I would 
like to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their leadership on this. This is a big deal in the Gulf. My appreciation is heartfelt for them mak-ing this move and showing this symbol of importance. So in the name of all of my constituents, I thank both of them for their leadership and support on this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. C
LAWSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
b1715 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I have 
amendment No. 4 at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 14, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $21,559,000) (increased by $21,559,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from Oregon and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Oregon. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of 
this amendment to increase funding for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, NOAA, to support its Integrated Ocean Acidification re-search and fulfill the administration’s requested funding level of $30 million in fiscal year 2016. 
The administration’s requested fund-
ing increase for ocean acidification re-search reflects a growing consensus in the scientific community and in the coastal and fishing communities that so many of our colleagues and I rep-resent. Ocean acidification is already affecting marine organisms and could irreversibly alter the marine environ-ment and harm our coastal ecosystems. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.087 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3690 June 2, 2015 
On the West Coast alone, a $270 mil-
lion shellfish industry has experienced disastrous oyster production failures and faced the risk of collapse in recent years because of changes in water con-dition that have been attributed to ocean acidification. This change in chemistry is caused by carbon dioxide in the atmosphere dissolving into the ocean, and the increased acidity of the ocean is harming basic building blocks for life in the sea. This makes it more difficult for marine organisms to build their skeletons and shells, and it slows the formation of important ecosystem features like coral reefs. These changes can ripple through the food chain, dis-rupting delicate marine ecosystems and threatening major commercial fisheries. 
In the Pacific Northwest, the com-
bination of seasonal upwelling of acidic waters, low alkalinity, and increased anthropogenic carbon dioxide creates some of the most corrosive ocean con-ditions in the world. 
In the last few years, Mr. Chairman, 
the scientific community has increas-ingly raised concerns about the ocean. Researchers at Oregon State Univer-sity have been working with the fish-ing community in Oregon to determine the effects of acidification. They have been helping the shellfish hatcheries assess the oyster die-off and finding ways to mitigate the harmful upwelling events by monitoring the water entering their facilities. This ex-emplifies the kind of academic and in-dustry partnerships that are possible when the Federal Government supports academic research. 
NOAA’s Integrated Ocean Acidifica-
tion research program supports extra-mural research awards that fund stud-ies on acidification in ocean, coastal, and estuary environments. Not only does this program support studies on the effects of acidification, it also al-lows NOAA to run the observing sys-tem that helps monitor areas of in-creased acidity. 
These examples have focused on the 
effects in Oregon and on the West Coast, but our changing ocean condi-tions can have far-reaching implica-tions for fisheries throughout the U.S., including the East Coast and Gulf shellfish industries. It also affects the people across the Nation who eat sea-food and the stores and restaurants that sell it. 
Mr. Chairman, it is clear that we 
need more information, which is why NOAA’s Integrated Ocean Acidification research program must be fully funded. Unfortunately, this bill falls short of what the American people and our fish-ing communities deserve. 
I urge support of the amendment, and 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I understand the 
gentlewoman is going to withdraw this amendment. I agree with the gentlewoman that 
ocean acidification is a serious prob-lem. That is why you see funding in the bill for it. We just have a limited amount of resources. 
I will listen to your other speakers, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, can I 
please inquire about the remaining time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Oregon has 2 minutes remaining. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from California (Mr. F ARR), my col-
league. 
Mr. FARR. I wish the chairman was 
accepting this amendment because the faults that we hear are that we have limited resources. We have limited re-sources, but it is a priority where you give them. This ocean acidification is a serious problem. It is the most serious problem of mankind that we can do something about. When the ocean is starting to melt all the shellfish, the lobster industry, the crab industry, the oyster industry, and the clam industry, all of these industries have a huge ef-fect on not only where they are farm-ing, but where the tourism that is at-tracted to them. 
Mr. Chairman, we can do something 
about it. We need more money. The President asked for $30 million in this program. The committee cut it to $8.4 million, says he is funding it. However, the President asked for the same amount of money for the exploration of the moon of Jupiter called Europa. The committee decided to give them $110 million more than the President asked for. So don’t tell me that there isn’t money available. It is just the priority where you give it. 
Are you going to save this planet or 
put all the money into the moon of Ju-piter? I think it is more important that we research ocean acidification, and that is why D
ONYOUNG and I are intro-
ducing a bill to tackle this problem more than just this amendment in this moment. 
Mr. Chairman, we have to get serious 
about this. The planet is melting, and the ocean acidification is melting the organisms in the ocean; and when they die, we die. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, I would point out to 
my colleagues we have $8.5 million in the bill for studying ocean acidifica-tion. I share your concern. It is a vi-tally important issue. And the thrust of our work in NASA, as you know from reading the bill, is we have prioritized those missions in the bill that are the top priority of the Plan-etary Decadal Survey. 
We have encouraged NASA to follow 
the recommendations of the best minds in the scientific community. Every 10 years they get together and prioritize the earth science missions, heliophysics missions, astrophysics missions, those missions aimed at the outer planets, and the Europa mission 
has been the single highest priority of the Decadal Survey last decade and this decade. The past administration and this one continue to resist the best recommendations of the best minds in the scientific community. I can’t think of a more exciting question that science could answer as to whether or not there is life on another world, and that is going to be answered by this mission to Europa. 
I agree strongly that we need to re-
search ocean acidification, and that is why there is $8.5 million in the bill for it. 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. Even though I am in a 
totally opposite position on the matter than you. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I am happy to en-
gage in a colloquy with my friend from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. We have an Earth in 
which the majority of it is covered by oceans. As a nation, we have more re-sponsibility territorially for the world’s oceans than any other nation. You agree that this is a major issue. It is funded at a level that we think 
should be increased. I hope that the chairman will work with us as we go forward to see whether we can improve and make even more robust our stew-ardship, which is our responsibility, as I would understand it. Even though there are other areas in the bill where we have made important sacrifices, maybe this is an area where we can do more. 
Mr. CULBERSON. It is one in which 
I look forward to working with you on to do more to research ocean acidifica-tion. That is why you see in the bill a major investment in oceanographic mapping and research, the economic zone of the United States which is unmapped and uncharted and loaded with rare earths and great mineral wealth that Dr. Bob Ballard and his team and other scientists are explor-ing, and we are investing there. 
I look forward to working with you 
in conference. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, we will 
work together on this. This is a very important area of interest for me, and I thank the gentlewoman for offering her amendment. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, as I mentioned, I do 
plan to withdraw this amendment. I do want to emphasize the seriousness of this issue in addressing it. I do contend that the amount in this bill is inad-equate. So I do look forward to work-ing with the committee chairman, the ranking member, and the committee going forward to address this very im-portant issue. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw my amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.092 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3691 June 2, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from Oregon? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
PROCUREMENT , ACQUISITION AND CONSTRUCTION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For procurement, acquisition and con-
struction of capital assets, including alter-ation and modification costs, of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, $1,960,034,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, except that funds provided for construction of facilities shall remain available until expended: Provided , That of 
the $1,973,034,000 provided for in direct obli-gations under this heading, $1,960,034,000 is appropriated from the general fund and $13,000,000 is provided from recoveries of prior year obligations: Provided further , That 
any deviation from the amounts designated for specific activities in the report accom-panying this Act, or any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this head-ing in previous years, shall be subject to the procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act: Provided further , That the Secretary of 
Commerce shall include in budget justifica-tion materials that the Secretary submits to Congress in support of the Department of Commerce budget (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) an estimate for each National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration procurement, acquisition or construction project having a total of more than $5,000,000 and simultaneously the budg-et justification shall include an estimate of the budgetary requirements for each such project for each of the 5 subsequent fiscal years: Provided further , That, within the 
amounts appropriated, $1,302,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspector Gen-eral’’ account for activities associated with carrying out investigations and audits re-lated to satellite procurement, acquisition and construction. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BRIDENSTINE  
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 15, line 16, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $9,000,000) (increased by $9,000,00)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Oklahoma and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oklahoma. 
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment des-
ignates $9 million within NOAA’s Pro-curement, Acquisition, and Construc-tion account for the purposes of fund-ing a pilot program for space-based commercial weather data as authorized by H.R. 1561, the House-passed Lucas- Bridenstine Weather Research and Forecasting Act of 2015. 
Although I intend to withdraw my 
amendment, I intend to use this time to enter into a colloquy with the gen-tleman from Texas. 
Mr. Chairman, the commercial sat-
ellite industry has revolutionized ev-eryday life. From telecommunications 
to imaging to navigation, we reap the benefits of private sector innovation. I truly believe we have that opportunity when it comes to weather satellites as well. By introducing newer, more inno-vative, more resilient and additional forms of data into our numerical weather models, we can improve our ability to forecast weather and save the lives of our constituents. 
By providing NOAA with the funds to 
purchase commercial data, it sends a clear signal to the burgeoning, nascent weather satellite industry: NOAA is in-terested in commercial data from the private sector. This pilot program has the potential to shift paradigms within our weather enterprise and serve as the first step toward moving to a day where the government does not have a monopoly on weather satellites. 
NOAA operates huge, monolithic, bil-
lion-dollar satellite programs that have experienced cost overruns and launch delays. These programs are im-portant to ensuring we have robust weather data, but we need a mitigation strategy when problems arise, a role that commercial sources can play. In addition, they can augment our pro-grams of record, and for a fraction of the cost. In fact, to fully fund this pro-gram, NOAA would only need to find the equivalent of one dime out of a $20 bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I believe, in the long 
run, purchasing data from the private sector will lead to lower costs for the taxpayers, as well as better data, more data, and more innovation. However, I understand the constraints that the gentleman from Texas is under when crafting this appropriations bill, and I appreciate his willingness to work with me on this issue. The question I pose to him is: Does the chairman intend to have NOAA provide $9 million from within its Procurement, Acquisition, and Construction appropriation for NESDIS Systems Acquisition to carry out this pilot program in fiscal year 2016 as is authorized in H.R. 1561? 
Mr. CULBERSON. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. I yield to the 
gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I agree completely 
with the gentleman that NOAA should work with the private sector when data is available. It is cost effective and can save the taxpayers money, and, in fact, that is why we included a statement on this in the committee report. I look forward to working with you as we move forward in conference to ensure that this worthwhile goal is achieved. 
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. I thank the 
chairman. I look forward to working together with you and with NOAA to ensure that congressional intent is clear and to make this critically im-portant pilot program a reality. I ap-preciate your leadership and assistance on this issue. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I have 
amendment No. 5 at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 15, lines 16, 19, and 20, after the dollar 
amount insert ‘‘(increased by $380,000,000)’’. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve a point of order on the gentle-woman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentlewoman from Oregon and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Oregon. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in support of this amendment to ensure the continuity of NOAA’s polar sat-ellite program by restoring its funding. There are many important priorities in this bill, but the technical nature of this satellite program and its value to our Nation are being overlooked. 
The importance of these satellites 
and the need to maintain the informa-tion they collect is not daily news, but the accurate, timely data the satellites provide to our weather forecasters is crucial. This data is needed not only in severe weather scenarios, but also for the wide-ranging accessibility to ev-eryone in our Nation, from those who hear a weather forecast on the local news to the millions across the Nation who open up an app on their phones. 
Weather is important. It affects ev-
erything from our commute to the food on our table. In fact, a 2009 study from the American Meteorological Society stated that U.S. weather forecasts gen-erate $31.5 billion in benefits for $5.1 billion in cost. 
b1730 
Unfortunately, past trouble and mis-
management in the polar satellite pro-gram means that a gap in coverage within the next decade is possible, with the worst-case scenario being a gap lasting more than 5 years. Any loss of coverage from the polar satellites would have serious consequences on the accuracy and timeliness of our weather forecasts, warnings, and the capabilities of the National Weather Service. 
Thankfully, NOAA and NASA have 
worked very hard to get the polar sat-ellite program back on track. Unfortu-nately, the bill we are considering today has the potential to undermine that progress. The President’s fiscal year 2016 budget request included $380 million for a polar follow-on program. This important program will minimize the risk of a gap in polar weather data and address a recommendation from various independent groups, including the Government Accountability Office, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.094 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3692 June 2, 2015 
regarding the need to develop a robust 
satellite program, a program that can withstand a launch failure. 
By not funding the polar follow-on 
program in 2016, the continuity for the polar weather mission is put at risk and the Nation will be exposed to the vulnerabilities and impacts of a poten-tial gap. 
Mr. Chairman, working families in 
my district and across the country are balancing enough already. They need to rely on accurate and timely fore-casts, not worry about a gap or where the weather data comes from. We need this program to continue so we do not lose the gains we have made. Ameri-cans deserve to have access to the best available scientific data. 
Mr. Chairman, unfortunately, the 
funding levels in this bill are stretched so thin that it is impossible for me to find more than $300 million to provide an offset. So I do ask the subcommittee chairman and ranking member to work with me on ways that we can find to preserve and maintain this essential program. 
At this time, Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from Oregon? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
PACIFIC COASTAL SALMON RECOVERY  
For necessary expenses associated with the 
restoration of Pacific salmon populations, $65,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017: Provided , That, of the funds 
provided herein, the Secretary of Commerce may issue grants to the States of Wash-ington, Oregon, Idaho, Nevada, California, and Alaska, and to the Federally recognized tribes of the Columbia River and Pacific Coast (including Alaska), for projects nec-essary for conservation of salmon and steelhead populations that are listed as threatened or endangered, or that are identi-fied by a State as at-risk to be so listed, for maintaining populations necessary for exer-cise of tribal treaty fishing rights or native subsistence fishing, or for conservation of Pacific coastal salmon and steelhead habi-tat, based on guidelines to be developed by the Secretary of Commerce: Provided further , 
That all funds shall be allocated based on scientific and other merit principles and shall not be available for marketing activi-ties: Provided further , That funds disbursed to 
States shall be subject to a matching re-quirement of funds or documented in-kind contributions of at least 33 percent of the Federal funds. 
FISHERMEN ’S CONTINGENCY FUND  
For carrying out the provisions of title IV 
of Public Law 95–372, not to exceed $350,000, to be derived from receipts collected pursu-ant to that Act, to remain available until ex-pended. 
FISHERIES FINANCE PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
Subject to section 502 of the Congressional 
Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2016, obligations of direct loans may not exceed $24,000,000 for Individual Fishing Quota loans and not to exceed $100,000,000 for traditional direct loans as authorized by the Merchant Marine Act of 1936. D
EPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses for the manage-
ment of the Department of Commerce pro-vided for by law, including not to exceed $4,500 for official reception and representa-tion, $50,000,000. 
RENOVATION AND MODERNIZATION  
For necessary expenses for the renovation 
and modernization of the Herbert C. Hoover Building, $3,989,000, to remain available until expended, of which $1,082,000 shall be for se-curity systems and $2,907,000 shall be for blast-resistant windows. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
For necessary expenses of the Office of In-
spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $32,000,000. 
G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  
COMMERCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 101. During the current fiscal year, ap-
plicable appropriations and funds made available to the Department of Commerce by this Act shall be available for the activities specified in the Act of October 26, 1949 (15 U.S.C. 1514), to the extent and in the manner prescribed by the Act, and, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3324, may be used for advanced pay-ments not otherwise authorized only upon the certification of officials designated by the Secretary of Commerce that such pay-ments are in the public interest. 
S
EC. 102. During the current fiscal year, ap-
propriations made available to the Depart-ment of Commerce by this Act for salaries and expenses shall be available for hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343 and 1344; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901– 5902). 
S
EC. 103. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-
propriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Commerce in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided , That any 
transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be avail-able for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further , That the Sec-
retary of Commerce shall notify the Com-mittees on Appropriations at least 15 days in advance of the acquisition or disposal of any capital asset (including land, structures, and equipment) not specifically provided for in this Act or any other law appropriating funds for the Department of Commerce. 
S
EC. 104. The requirements set forth by sec-
tion 105 of the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–55), as amended by sec-tion 105 of title I of division B of Public Law 113–6, are hereby adopted by reference and made applicable with respect to fiscal year 2016: Provided , That the life cycle cost for the 
Joint Polar Satellite System is $11,322,125,000 and the life cycle cost for the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite R-Se-ries Program is $10,828,059,000. 
S
EC. 105. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, the Secretary may furnish serv-ices (including but not limited to utilities, telecommunications, and security services) necessary to support the operation, mainte-nance, and improvement of space that per-sons, firms, or organizations are authorized, pursuant to the Public Buildings Cooperative Use Act of 1976 or other authority, to use or occupy in the Herbert C. Hoover Building, Washington, DC, or other buildings, the 
maintenance, operation, and protection of which has been delegated to the Secretary from the Administrator of General Services pursuant to the Federal Property and Ad-ministrative Services Act of 1949 on a reim-bursable or non-reimbursable basis. Amounts received as reimbursement for services pro-vided under this section or the authority under which the use or occupancy of the space is authorized, up to $200,000, shall be credited to the appropriation or fund which initially bears the costs of such services. 
S
EC. 106. Nothing in this title shall be con-
strued to prevent a grant recipient from de-terring child pornography, copyright in-fringement, or any other unlawful activity over its networks. 
S
EC. 107. The Administrator of the Na-
tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion is authorized to use, with their consent, with reimbursement and subject to the lim-its of available appropriations, the land, services, equipment, personnel, and facilities of any department, agency, or instrumen-tality of the United States, or of any State, local government, Indian tribal government, Territory, or possession, or of any political subdivision thereof, or of any foreign govern-ment or international organization, for pur-poses related to carrying out the responsibil-ities of any statute administered by the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion. 
S
EC. 108. The National Technical Informa-
tion Service shall not charge any customer for a copy of any report or document gen-erated by the Legislative Branch unless the Service has provided information to the cus-tomer on how an electronic copy of such re-port or document may be accessed and downloaded for free online. Should a cus-tomer still require the Service to provide a printed or digital copy of the report or docu-ment, the charge shall be limited to recov-ering the Service’s cost of processing, repro-ducing, and delivering such report or docu-ment. 
S
EC. 109. The Secretary of Commerce may 
waive the requirement for bonds under 40 U.S.C. 3131 with respect to contracts for the construction, alteration, or repair of vessels, regardless of the terms of the contracts as to payment or title, when the contract is made under the Coast and Geodetic Survey Act of 1947 (33 U.S.C. 883a et seq.). 
S
EC. 110. In fiscal year 2016, the National 
Institute of Standards and Technology may use unobligated balances from the ‘‘National Institute of Standards and Technology—In-dustrial Technology Services’’ account for the purposes of and subject to the limita-tions in section 34(e)(2) of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278s(e)(2)). 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department 
of Commerce Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
TITLE II 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
G
ENERAL ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For expenses necessary for the administra-
tion of the Department of Justice, $105,000,000, of which not to exceed $4,000,000 for security and construction of Department of Justice facilities shall remain available until expended. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
Mr. M CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 23, line 6, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(decreased by $2,000,000)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.099 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3693 June 2, 2015 
Page 72, line 1, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from West Virginia and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from West Virginia. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, many 
small businesses around the country are struggling, struggling to compete against low-priced foreign imports ben-efiting from unfair trade practices. They are constantly intimidated by the cost of the legal challenges that they face. 
The intent of this amendment is sim-
ple. It transfers $2 million to the Inter-national Trade Commission to provide legal and technical assistance to small businesses seeking a remedy. 
I offered this amendment last year to 
the bill and it was approved. 
Time and time again small compa-
nies are losing business against unfair, low-cost imports which flood our coun-try. Something needs to be done. Small businesses need help. 
They don’t have access to the same 
legal resources as larger companies. They can’t afford the cost to file a claim against large state-supported in-dustries like we see coming from 
China. These small businesses in Amer-ica deserve to be treated better. 
In West Virginia, Mr. Chairman, we 
have one particular company which manufactures glass, lead-free marbles. The company has less than 50 employ-ees. They, among other firms like that, have asked our office a simple ques-tion: When an average cost to file an antidumping claim is $1 million or more, how can small manufacturers af-ford access to justice? 
The Federal Government provides 
pro bono attorneys in criminal cases for those who can’t afford representa-tion. Mr. Chairman, why not offer something similar to our small busi-nesses across America who are facing unfair competition? 
A recent contract was for 300 million 
marbles per year. Currently, this com-pany manufactures 1 million per day. This contract would have guaranteed 300 days of manufacturing production for hard-working West Virginians. 
The Chinese company undercut their 
bid. Unfortunately, we have seen this story far too often where the Chinese currency manipulation and state sub-sidies have cut our tin, steel, and hot- rolled steel industries, among others. 
The ITC must have the tools to pro-
tect our small businesses, and this amendment is a step in the right direc-tion. 
Let’s be clear, Mr. Chairman: Do we 
want to keep talking about jobs, or do we want to offer a solution? Supporting this amendment will be an immense help for small business employers who are trying to fight back against unfair trade. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
strong support of the gentleman’s amendment. We are willing to accept the amendment, and I yield to the gen-tleman from Texas. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I join you in sup-
porting the amendment. 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKIN-
LEY). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 23, line 6, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(decreased by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 42, line 24, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 44, line 8, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from New Mexico and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Mexico. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, trust be-tween law enforcement and the public that they are sworn to protect is not just important but essential to safe, collaborative, and constitutional com-munity policing. Trust promotes healthy relationships and interactions that are in the best interest of the both the public and the police. 
Unfortunately, the public’s trust in 
law enforcement has eroded in many communities across the country, in-cluding my own. The Federal Govern-ment needs to make targeted invest-ments to ensure that law enforcement has the tools to rebuild and strengthen that trust, which is the cornerstone of successful policing. 
That is why I am so proud to intro-
duce this bipartisan amendment, along with my colleagues Congressman M
UR-
PHYand Congressman B LUMENAUER , to 
add $2 million to the Mentally Ill Of-fender Treatment and Crime Reduction Act programs. These programs provide a broad range of services, including cri-sis intervention training for State and local law enforcement agencies to iden-tify and improve responses to people with mental illnesses and substance abuse issues. Crisis intervention train-ing can help prevent injuries to offi-cers, deescalate potentially dangerous situations, and alleviate harm to the person in crisis. Interactions between the mentally ill 
and law enforcement too often end in tragedy. Since the beginning of the year, 385 people have been shot and killed by police, and about a quarter of these individuals have been identified as mentally ill. The more training we can provide law enforcement to im-prove their skills to interact with the public, the more likely crises will be resolved peacefully. And the more non-violent peaceful interactions police have with the public, the more we can strengthen trust between police and the public that they are sworn to pro-tect. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not supposed to the gentle-woman’s amendment because it is a good amendment and I support it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. At this time, I 
yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. M
URPHY ), my good friend 
and colleague. 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. I 
thank the Chairman, and I also thank Representative G
RISHAM for this 
thoughtful amendment we are working on together, which will put $2 million towards crisis intervention training for State and local law enforcement and also work towards substance abuse treatment and mental health courts. 
In the 1950s, this country had 550,000 
psychiatric hospital beds for the popu-lation of 150 million. Now, with a popu-lation twice that size, we only have 40,000 psychiatric hospital beds. 
So what happened? Some people got 
better. But sadly, what we ended up with is huge increases in homelessness and visits to emergency rooms. Last year in this country there were 40,000 suicides and 1 million suicide attempts. 
With this critical bed shortage we 
have many people who end up commit-ting crimes. Of the 2.4 million incarcer-ated Americans, about half of them, ac-cording to the U.S. Department of Jus-tice, are estimated to have a mental health condition. That is 64 percent in our county and local jails, 56 percent in State, and 45 percent of Federal pris-oners. By comparison, there are only 35,000 patients with severe mental ill-ness in State psychiatric hospitals. And, according to a report from April 2014, the number of mentally ill per-sons in prison is ten times higher than that in psychiatric hospitals. 
The largest jails in the country— 
Cook County in Illinois, Los Angeles, and New York—have 11,000 prisoners combined with serious mental illness. Now, that is over twice as large as the three largest State-run mental hos-pitals. 
Mentally ill inmates are twice as 
likely to be charged with rule viola-tions when incarcerated and actually 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.043 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3694 June 2, 2015 
remain in prison four times longer 
than a non-mentally ill person with the same original crime. And what happens then? Solitary confinement, tasered. Then when they are discharged, they repeat the cycle in the revolving door. 
What we need to make sure we are 
doing is to deal with public safety, make sure there is restitution to the community for what has happened, but the key is to provide help for those with serious mental illness. 
It is not right for our country to con-
tinue to say things like, It is not ille-gal to be crazy. Our courts and systems that do not understand mental illness continue to say that, but to them I say it isn’t just an issue of someone has a right to be mentally ill; they have a right to be well. 
b1745 
What we need to do is to stop this re-
volving door of having someone who is hallucinating and delusional and wait-ing until he commits a crime or is a threat to public safety, instead of in-tervening earlier. 
We need mental health courts; we 
need ways a policeman can intervene early to help persons, and we need evi-dence-based initiatives to fix our bro-ken mental health system in America. I know that, in our own court in Alle-gheny County, they saw a nearly 38 percent reduction in recidivism when they used mental health courts. 
This is compassion, and this is the 
right thing to do. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate the 
gentlewoman’s courtesy and her lead-ership on this, and I appreciate my good friend from Pennsylvania in his eloquence and his tireless champion-ship in this area. 
Mr. Chairman, the fact is that we 
have a broken system that does not meet the needs of people with mental illness, and it places an undue burden on law enforcement. His words about people having a right to be well really resonates with me because we have seen in all of our communities situa-tions that escalate because they don’t have the proper response—we don’t have the proper training; we don’t have the proper resources—where people get worse. 
It is not just that it costs more 
money; it is the pain to the individ-uals, to their families, and, ultimately, since virtually all of these people are released but are released in a more damaged situation, they are worse. They are a greater risk to themselves and society, and the cycle continues. 
There is no doubt in my mind that, if 
we were able to properly account for the costs and consequences of the cur-rent nonsystem that there would be far more resources saved in treating them humanely and effectively, giving the police and the community the re-sources they need that will more than 
pay for itself. This is an important step for the Federal Government to be a better partner. 
I appreciate the gentlewoman’s lead-
ership. I appreciate my friend Mr. M
UR-
PHYfrom Pennsylvania, and I am look-
ing forward to working with him on other items. 
I respectfully request that our col-
leagues not just support this, but take it to heart because we can make a dif-ference on so many different levels. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
support the amendment, and I would encourage Members to support it if you would be willing to request a recorded vote on this. 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. On behalf of our coun-
try, I attended the Healthy brain: healthy Europe conference in Ireland. The estimate in these 28 EU countries was that some 36 percent of the popu-lation had some type of mental health challenge, and they deal with it much more openly and without the stigma that sometimes we attach here in our country to mental health challenges. 
I want to thank my colleague from 
Pennsylvania for his extraordinary leadership on this issue, and I thank the gentlewoman for offering this. 
We will support this amendment and 
ask for a recorded vote. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
encourage Members to support the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my colleagues for working so diligently on this very important im-provement to public safety and police training, and I encourage all Members to vote in favor of this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New Mexico will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Committee 
will rise informally. 
The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLD-
ING) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 2048. An act to reform the authorities 
of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, con-
duct electronic surveillance, use pen reg-isters and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for for-eign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 23, line 6, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(reduced by $2,209,500)’’. 
Page 24, line 14, insert after the first dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $1,709,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment which seeks to bolster funds for the Depart-ment of Justice inspector general in order to meet the fiscal year 2016 budg-et request. 
As a member of the House Oversight 
and Government Reform Committee, I am a firm believer in the proper over-sight of the Federal Government. The more sunlight on Federal activity, the more honest and efficient it will be. 
I am also a strong proponent of our 
inspector general community. Since the Inspector General Act was passed into law, the IG community has saved taxpayers billions of dollars and has uncovered countless examples of wrongdoing in the Federal Govern-ment. 
It seems only fitting that the inspec-
tor general’s office receive the budget requested resources, particularly at the expense of the office it will likely need to investigate first. 
In the committee report, the com-
mittee noted, ‘‘The DOJ OIG has had significant investigative and audit workload.’’ In fact, we have seen nu-merous scandals and coverups from within this agency and at the rec-ommendation of the previous Attorney General. 
I applaud the committee for includ-
ing language in this bill to perma-nently prohibit funds for Fast and Fu-rious-like programs and for the many other reforms contained in this legisla-tion, but I do believe more needs to be done to ensure additional transparency and accountability within the DOJ. 
Let’s give the DOJ OIG the resources 
it needs to investigate this agency and to ensure the Justice Department ad-heres to the law. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.104 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3695 June 2, 2015 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, but I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
agree very strongly with the gen-tleman in that the inspector general’s office does superb work. It is an inde-pendent agency whose oversight is cru-cial. 
The amendment will certainly im-
prove oversight and ensure that our constituents’ hard-earned tax dollars are well spent. I would urge Members to support the gentleman from Arizo-na’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. I thank the chairman 
and the ranking member for their sup-port. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . BROWNLEY OF  
CALIFORNIA  
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 23, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,500,000)’’. 
Page 42, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. 
Page 46, line 12, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 2578, which would increase funding in Veterans Treatment Courts. 
Our Nation’s heroes are returning 
home from over a decade of war in Iraq and Afghanistan with the invisible wounds that come with multiple de-ployments in military service to our Nation. 
The signature wounds of these wars, 
post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury, have led to a rise in mental health issues among our veterans. According to the National Center for PTSD, about 11 to 20 percent of veterans who served in Operation Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom have PTSD in a given year. Since 2005, the number of veterans diagnosed with post-traumatic stress has doubled. 
Too often, these mental health issues 
can severely impact a veteran’s life— from being able to keep a job, to drug abuse, to criminal activity in some cir-cumstances. Instead of receiving the mental health services and support that they need, a growing number of veterans ends up being incarcerated in our justice system. My simple amendment would in-
crease funds for Veterans Treatment Courts by $2.5 million. Veterans Treat-ment Courts are designed to give vet-erans with mental health and sub-stance abuse issues and who find them-selves in trouble with the law an oppor-tunity to get the help they need while avoiding jail time. 
In my district, the Ventura County 
Veterans Treatment Court, which started as a pilot program in 2010, has helped dozens of veterans. Judge Col-leen Toy White, one of the program’s many champions in Ventura County, knows that the treatment courts re-unite families and save lives. 
Rather than arresting and jailing 
veterans for a few days or weeks and then putting them back on the streets with nothing changed in their lives, the Ventura County collaborative court connects veterans to needed treatment and services, which may in-clude mental health care, drug and al-cohol treatment, vocational rehabilita-tion, or other life skill services and programs. 
The process begins with a guilty plea, 
an in-court meeting involving the vet-eran, his or her attorney, and a VA rep-resentative. 
I was very impressed with the care 
that the court officers and volunteers extended to our veterans who found themselves before the court. A recent success for the Ventura County Vet-erans Treatment Court is a young man who was an Active Duty marine. 
Before leaving the service in 2014, he 
had completed three combat tours in 12 years. He was arrested for two DUIs within 3 weeks. After 5 months of treatment, he still stands with his back against the wall rather than tak-ing a seat in court. It is a common sign in combat veterans, but he is now get-ting evaluated by VA, is going to treat-ment, and has hope once again. 
Since the Veterans Treatment Court 
program began in 2008 in Buffalo, New York, over 220 Veterans Treatment Courts have been established across the United States, and many more are being planned. 
I believe we need to increase Federal 
resources to these critical programs nationwide, which is what my amend-ment seeks to accomplish. It is our ob-ligation to ensure our veterans receive the appropriate attention to their needs and that we do whatever we can to help them transition to an inde-pendent civilian life. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-
port my amendment to provide vet-erans who are in trouble with the re-sources they need to help them secure a strong future. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition even though I am not op-posed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. MODIFICATION TO BROWNLEY OF CALIFORNIA  
AMENDMENT  
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent that we modify the amendment and, rather than strike line 12 on page 46, strike line 7. 
The Acting CHAIR. Would the gentle-
woman from California send the modi-fication to the desk. 
The Clerk will report the modifica-
tion. 
The Clerk read as follows: Modification to Brownley of Cali-
fornia amendment: 
Page 46, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I have 
visited the Intrepid Center over in Be-thesda. We have been working with our veterans on post-traumatic stress. I know, in Houston, some of the best work in the Nation is being done at the University of Texas, at the Center for BrainHealth in Dallas, and your work in Houston. 
I had my own experience with this. I 
had a young man, Bill Cooper, who on his last day in Iraq went out on patrol, and he was the victim of an IED. Some 59 operations later, he ended up work-ing for me in my district offices. 
b1800 
He is just doing a wonderful job help-
ing other veterans in the Philadelphia area, but post-traumatic stress is a cir-cumstance that far too many of our veterans have faced. 
I want to thank my colleague from 
the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, area, Congressman P
ATMEEHAN , who has 
helped to lead this effort on veterans courts, and the chairman and I support it. I thank the gentlewoman for her amendment. 
I am prepared to yield back the re-
mainder of my time because, again, I am not in opposition. I am in favor of the amendment. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding and would join in supporting the gentle-woman’s amendment. The veterans courts do great work. I support the gentlewoman’s amendment and urge Members to support it. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I should 
report to the House that Bill Cooper got married, just had a new son, and got his graduate degree on the GI bill that we passed. He is just another ex-ample of what can happen for our vet-erans when we take care of them. 
I thank the gentlewoman from Cali-
fornia, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I appreciate very, very much the chairman accepting my amendment. I appreciate his support, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.108 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3696 June 2, 2015 
and I know veterans across the country 
will as well. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ). 
The amendment, as modified, was 
agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MACARTHUR  
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 23, line 6, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(reduced by $750,000)’’. 
Page 38, line 9, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $750,000)’’. 
Page 40, line 10, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $750,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND ). Pursuant to House Resolution 
287, the gentleman from New Jersey and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. M
ACARTHUR. I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an 
amendment to H.R. 2578 along with the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ), who unfortunately was called 
away on an emergency and can’t be here to speak with me. 
The Violence Against Women Act has 
been an important step—a critical step, really—in ending the scourge of vio-lence against women, and the elderly abuse grant program has been an im-portant part of that. It funds training and services to end abuse of women in later life. The question is how much funding is necessary for this. 
The National Network to End Domes-
tic Violence suggests that that number is $9 million for the program, and this Congress previously authorized $9 mil-lion. Unfortunately, we can’t afford that right now, and so we have to set-tle for something less. The President’s budget, however, sets the amount at less than half, and that is simply not enough. 
My amendment would increase that 
amount to $5.2 million, which is $1 mil-lion over the President’s request and $750,000 over the current mark. We would pay for that by moving $750,000 from the Department of Justice admin-istration account. 
Mr. Chairman, the elderly abuse 
grant program has successfully helped many older women escape neglect, abuse, and exploitation taking many forms. Our elderly population is grow-ing, and we simply believe we need a little more funding to make this pro-gram handle the growing population. A
LMA ADAMS from North Carolina and 
I have cosponsored the amendment be-cause this is not a Republican or Democratic issue; this is a very human issue. I ask my colleagues to support it. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition but do not oppose the amendment and would, in fact, encourage Members to support it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I would 
agree with the chairman and his wis-dom, and I would also ask my col-leagues to support it. I have no objec-tion. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I urge Members to 
support it. It is a good program and ap-preciate very much the gentleman bringing this to the floor today and urge Members to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to thank both the chairman and the ranking member for their support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
AC-
ARTHUR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
JUSTICE INFORMATION SHARING TECHNOLOGY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses for information 
sharing technology, including planning, de-velopment, deployment and departmental di-rection, $25,842,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That the Attorney Gen-
eral may transfer up to $35,400,000 to this ac-count, from funds available to the Depart-ment of Justice for information technology, to remain available until expended, for en-terprise-wide information technology initia-tives: Provided further , That the transfer au-
thority in the preceding proviso is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority con-tained in this Act. 
ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW AND APPEALS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For expenses necessary for the administra-
tion of pardon and clemency petitions and immigration-related activities, $426,791,000, of which $4,000,000 shall be derived by trans-fer from the Executive Office for Immigra-tion Review fees deposited in the ‘‘Immigra-tion Examinations Fee’’ account: Provided , 
That under this heading of the amount avail-able for the Executive Office for Immigra-tion Review, not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until expended. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
For necessary expenses of the Office of In-
spector General, $92,000,000, including not to exceed $10,000 to meet unforeseen emer-gencies of a confidential character. 
U
NITED STATES PAROLE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the United 
States Parole Commission as authorized, $13,308,000. 
L
EGAL ACTIVITIES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES , GENERAL LEGAL  
ACTIVITIES  
For expenses necessary for the legal activi-
ties of the Department of Justice, not other-wise provided for, including not to exceed 
$20,000 for expenses of collecting evidence, to be expended under the direction of, and to be accounted for solely under the certificate of, the Attorney General; and rent of private or Government-owned space in the District of Columbia, $885,000,000, of which not to exceed $20,000,000 for litigation support contracts shall remain available until expended: Pro-
vided , That of the amount provided for 
INTERPOL Washington dues payments, not to exceed $685,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That of the 
total amount appropriated, not to exceed $9,000 shall be available to INTERPOL Wash-ington for official reception and representa-tion expenses: Provided further , That of the 
amount appropriated, such sums as may be necessary shall be available to the Civil Rights Division for salaries and expenses as-sociated with the election monitoring pro-gram under section 8 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10305) and to reimburse the Office of Personnel Management for such salaries and expenses: Provided further , That 
of the amounts provided under this heading for the election monitoring program, $3,390,000 shall remain available until ex-pended. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 25, line 3, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 98, line 20, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer a simple good govern-ance to the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appro-
priation Act for the fiscal year 2016. The amendment seeks to hold the De-partment of Justice accountable for its failure to enforce the rule of law. Spe-cifically, my amendment decreases available funding for the salaries of in-dividuals who concoct ways to under-mine Federal criminal immigration laws. 
This amendment is very similar to an 
amendment that passed this body last year in relation to the DOJ’s lack of enforcement of Federal marijuana laws and was offered by my friend and col-league Congressman F
LEMING . My 
amendment reduces Department of Justice’s general legal account by $1 million, specifically targeting the Dep-uty Attorney General’s Office. I will continue to seek similar amendments until the Attorney General decides to enforce the Federal criminal immigra-tion laws on the books. 
In 2014, the Department of Justice in-
structed the U.S. Attorney’s Office in some States to no longer prosecute per-sons that violate certain criminal im-migration laws. I have heard firsthand from law enforcement in my district that such actions have placed unneces-sary burdens on these officers, in-creased costs, put local communities at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.111 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3697 June 2, 2015 
risk, and encouraged more illegal im-
migration. 
The committee raised similar con-
cerns about the selective enforcement of these laws in the committee report stating: ‘‘The committee is concerned with the inconsistent enforcement of Federal criminal immigration laws and supports programs like Operation Streamline. The Attorney General is directed to submit a report to the com-mittee . . . The report shall describe steps the Department is taking to en-sure that the Federal criminal immi-gration law is enforced vigorously and consistently across the country to in-clude prosecution guidelines and poli-cies by district.’’ 
My amendment is consistent with 
the concerns expressed by the com-mittee and echo this message without harming the overall operation of the Department. 
I thank the chair and ranking mem-
ber for their leadership on this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. I rise reluctantly in 
opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, if the 
proposal would have been to put this money in the veterans courts or drug courts or youth mentoring, I probably wouldn’t be standing; but the idea of putting it into savings when we know that the allocation is already shy of what we needed and that many pro-grams that we have had to give shorter appropriations to than we would have otherwise makes me reluctant to sup-port this amendment, and I would ask the House to oppose it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I yield to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBER -
SON), the chairman of the sub-
committee. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to express my support for the gentleman’s amendment. I think he is exactly right. We need to send a very strong message to the administration that they must enforce the law as en-acted by Congress. That has been the central theme I have tried to pursue as the new chairman of the Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies. It is the foundation of all our liberty. 
There is no liberty without law en-
forcement, and the Chief Executive has a duty under the Constitution to en-force the law as written by Congress and to faithfully execute that law. If any of the Federal agencies under the President’s jurisdiction want access to our constituents’ hard-earned tax dol-lars, they need to enforce the law as written by Congress. 
I strongly support the gentleman’s 
amendment; and, frankly, putting it in the savings account is a good thing be-cause that goes back to the taxpayers. I support the gentleman’s amendment and would urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ to send a message to the White House. If the White House doesn’t get it, they 
will learn it throughout the year under the new chairman of the CJS Sub-committee. 
Mr. GOSAR. I thank the chairman 
for his support, and I ask all my col-leagues to vote for this bill. 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. GOSAR. I yield back the balance 
of my time as well. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
An amendment by Mr. M
CCLINTOCK of 
California. 
An amendment by Ms. E STYof Con-
necticut. 
An amendment by Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. 
An amendment by Mr. G OSAR of Ari-
zona. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 154, noes 263, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 270] 
AYES—154 
Allen 
Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cramer DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold 
Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Hardy Harris 
Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill 
Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McClintock Meadows Meehan Messer 
Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) 
Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Nugent Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford 
Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Stewart Stutzman Tiberi Tipton Upton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—263 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Graham Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) 
Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mica Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.116 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3698 June 2, 2015 
Paulsen 
Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rigell Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. Sanchez, Loretta 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—15 
Adams Ca´rdenas 
Clyburn Gallego Grijalva Hudson Jackson Lee 
Johnson (GA) Joyce Lofgren McMorris 
Rodgers Richmond 
Roe (TN) Ryan (OH) Van Hollen 
b1836 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsyl-vania, Mrs. NOEM, Messrs. KEATING, LEWIS, and CASTRO of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Messrs. WITTMAN, BENISHEK, 
MULLIN, and Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . ESTY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 213, noes 214, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 271] 
AYES—213 
Aguilar 
Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) 
Brownley (CA) Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay 
Cleaver Cohen Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch 
Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) 
Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mica Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Rangel Reed Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner 
Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—214 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) 
Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grijalva Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci 
Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—5 
Adams 
Clyburn Jackson Lee 
Roe (TN) Van Hollen 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1846 
Messrs. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY 
of New York, ASHFORD, and SCHRA-DER changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
Messrs. ROHRABACHER and JOR-
DAN changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ) on which 
further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 417, noes 10, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 272] 
AYES—417 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass 
Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.024 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3699 June 2, 2015 
Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar 
Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) 
Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love 
Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent 
Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—10 
Amash 
Blackburn Brat Hudson Huelskamp 
Long Neugebauer Walker Williams 
Woodall 
NOT VOTING—5 
Adams 
Clyburn Jackson Lee 
Roe (TN) Van Hollen 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1852 
Mr. WALKER changed his vote from 
‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Messrs. WESTMORELAND and 
JOYCE changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 228, noes 198, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 273] 
AYES—228 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton 
Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost 
Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) 
Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—198 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. Duckworth 
Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.025 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3700 June 2, 2015 
Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCaul McCollum 
McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes 
Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—6 
Adams 
Clyburn Griffith 
Jackson Lee Roe (TN) 
Van Hollen 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1856 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, on June 2, 
2015, I was unavoidably detained and missed four votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 270, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 271, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 272, and ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 273. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina) having as-
sumed the chair, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , 
Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2578) making appropriations for the De-partments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2289, COMMODITY END-USER RELIEF ACT 
Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Com-
mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 114–136) on the resolution (H. Res. 288) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2289) to 
reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide end-users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and ac-countability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end-users manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, 
AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 287 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2578. 
Will the gentleman from Georgia 
(Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ) kindly resume 
the chair. 
b1900 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2578) making appropriations for the De-partments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. W
EST-
MORELAND (Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, an amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) had 
been disposed of, and the bill had been read through page 25, line 20. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
In addition, for reimbursement of expenses 
of the Department of Justice associated with processing cases under the National Child-hood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986, not to ex-ceed $8,000,000, to be appropriated from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES , ANTITRUST DIVISION  
For expenses necessary for the enforce-
ment of antitrust and kindred laws, $162,246,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided , That notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, fees collected for premerger notification filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (15 U.S.C. 18a), regardless of the year of collection (and estimated to be $124,000,000 in fiscal year 2016), shall be re-tained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation, and shall remain avail-able until expended: Provided further , That 
the sum herein appropriated from the gen-eral fund shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2016, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation from the general fund esti-mated at $38,246,000. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES , UNITED STATES  
ATTORNEYS  
For necessary expenses of the Offices of the 
United States Attorneys, including inter- governmental and cooperative agreements, $1,995,000,000: Provided , That of the total amount appropriated, not to exceed $7,200 
shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further , 
That not to exceed $25,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further , 
That each United States Attorney shall es-tablish or participate in a task force on human trafficking. 
UNITED STATES TRUSTEE SYSTEM FUND  
For necessary expenses of the United 
States Trustee Program, as authorized, $225,908,000, to remain available until ex-pended and to be derived from the United States Trustee System Fund: Provided , That, 
notwithstanding any other provision of law, deposits to the Fund shall be available in such amounts as may be necessary to pay re-funds due depositors: Provided further , That, 
notwithstanding any other provision of law, $162,000,000 of offsetting collections pursuant to section 589a(b) of title 28, United States Code, shall be retained and used for nec-essary expenses in this appropriation and shall remain available until expended: Pro-
vided further , That the sum herein appro-
priated from the Fund shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are received dur-ing fiscal year 2016, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation from the Fund estimated at $63,908,000. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES , FOREIGN CLAIMS  
SETTLEMENT COMMISSION  
For expenses necessary to carry out the ac-
tivities of the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission, including services as author-ized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $2,326,000. 
FEES AND EXPENSES OF WITNESSES  
For fees and expenses of witnesses, for ex-
penses of contracts for the procurement and supervision of expert witnesses, for private counsel expenses, including advances, and for expenses of foreign counsel, $270,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $16,000,000 is for construction of buildings for protected witness safesites; not to exceed $3,000,000 is for the purchase and maintenance of armored and other vehicles for witness security caravans; and not to ex-ceed $13,000,000 is for the purchase, installa-tion, maintenance, and upgrade of secure telecommunications equipment and a secure automated information network to store and retrieve the identities and locations of pro-tected witnesses: Provided , That amounts 
made available under this heading may not be transferred pursuant to section 205 of this Act. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES , COMMUNITY  
RELATIONS SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses of the Community 
Relations Service, $13,000,000: Provided , That 
notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require addi-tional funding for conflict resolution and vi-olence prevention activities of the Commu-nity Relations Service, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to the Commu-nity Relations Service, from available appro-priations for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice, as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided 
further , That any transfer pursuant to the 
preceding proviso shall be treated as a re-programming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
U
NITED STATES MARSHALS SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the United 
States Marshals Service, $1,220,000,000, of which not to exceed $6,000 shall be available 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.050 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3701 June 2, 2015 
for official reception and representation ex-
penses, and not to exceed $15,000,000 shall re-main available until expended. 
CONSTRUCTION  
For construction in space controlled, occu-
pied or utilized by the United States Mar-shals Service for prisoner holding and re-lated support, $11,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
FEDERAL PRISONER DETENTION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses related to United 
States prisoners in the custody of the United States Marshals Service as authorized by section 4013 of title 18, United States Code, $1,058,081,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided , That not to exceed 
$20,000,000 shall be considered ‘‘funds appro-priated for State and local law enforcement assistance’’ pursuant to section 4013(b) of title 18, United States Code: Provided further , 
That the United States Marshals Service shall be responsible for managing the Justice Prisoner and Alien Transportation System: Provided further , That any unobligated bal-
ances available from funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘General Administration, Detention Trustee’’ shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation under this heading. 
N
ATIONAL SECURITY DIVISION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For expenses necessary to carry out the ac-
tivities of the National Security Division, $95,000,000, of which not to exceed $5,000,000 for information technology systems shall re-main available until expended: Provided , 
That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney Gen-eral that emergent circumstances require additional funding for the activities of the National Security Division, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to this heading from available appropriations for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice, as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further , That 
any transfer pursuant to the preceding pro-viso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure ex-cept in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
I
NTERAGENCY LAWENFORCEMENT  
INTERAGENCY CRIME AND DRUG ENFORCEMENT  
For necessary expenses for the identifica-
tion, investigation, and prosecution of indi-viduals associated with the most significant drug trafficking and affiliated money laun-dering organizations not otherwise provided for, to include inter-governmental agree-ments with State and local law enforcement agencies engaged in the investigation and prosecution of individuals involved in orga-nized crime drug trafficking, $510,000,000, of which $50,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided , That any amounts obli-
gated from appropriations under this head-ing may be used under authorities available to the organizations reimbursed from this appropriation. 
F
EDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Federal Bu-
reau of Investigation for detection, inves-tigation, and prosecution of crimes against the United States, $8,489,786,000, of which not to exceed $216,900,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided , That not to exceed 
$184,500 shall be available for official recep-tion and representation expenses. b1900 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PITTENGER  
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 32, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
Page 72, line 7, after each of the dollar 
amounts, insert ‘‘(reduced by $25,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from North Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the chairman for his leadership and hard work on this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment is 
simple, it is fair, it is fiscally respon-sible, and it strengthens our national security. My amendment reduces Fed-eral spending for the Legal Services Corporation by $25 million while leav-ing the program substantially intact. That money is then used to increase funds for the FBI in their critical coun-terterrorism efforts. 
The underlying bill appropriates $300 
million for the LSC, but Congress has not authorized the LSC since 1980. Mr. Chairman, 35 years is much too long to leave a Federal program on autopilot. Even the nonpartisan CBO has recog-nized defunding the LSC is a way to rein in our out-of-control spending, noting that programs receiving LSC grants already receive funding from States, localities, and private entities, as well as from private attorneys in-volved in pro bono work. Community problems are best solved at the com-munity level, not through the Federal bureaucracy. 
This amendment, however, does not 
suddenly end LSC and its programs. It simply reduces funding in a responsible and modest way and applies that money toward critical national secu-rity efforts. This amendment prioritizes the spending of taxpayer money on our current needs. 
Earlier this year, FBI Director James 
Comey said he has ‘‘homegrown violent extremist investigations in every sin-gle State.’’ Just last month, the De-partment of Homeland Security Sec-retary, Secretary Johnson, said: ‘‘We’re very definitely in a new envi-ronment because of ISIL’s effective use of social media, the Internet, which has the ability to reach into the homeland and possibly inspire others.’’ He con-tinued, saying, ‘‘Because of the use of the Internet, we could have little or no notice in advance of an independent actor attempting to strike.’’ But in a congressionally mandated report re-leased in March of this year, the FBI Commissioner said, budget cuts ‘‘se-verely hindered the FBI’s intelligence and national security programs.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, given the constant, 
evolving, and new threats we face today from terrorism, it is common sense to reduce spending for a program which has other proven avenues of 
funding and prioritize the funding we do have for those seeking to protect us from terrorism. 
I encourage all my colleagues to sup-
port the amendment, and with that, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H
UDSON ). The 
gentleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, the committee, over 
the time that I have been on the com-mittee, each and every year has in-creased its appropriations to the FBI, and this year is no exception. The chairman, in his wisdom, working with a very tough allocation, has provided $8.5 billion—to be exact, $8.489 billion, which is a $111 million increase. 
I think that the gentleman, if his 
concern is about us providing adequate funding for the Bureau, can rest as-sured that the committee has taken every—they have taken that responsi-bility very seriously. 
If his concern or effort is to suggest 
that somehow pro bono lawyers are going to make up the difference for a cut at Legal Services, in a big city like Philadelphia, it may be so that we have law firms who can have pro bono part-ners who can spend their time helping people who are not going to be able to pay them, but in large swaths of our country, that is not the case. 
Legal Services was created and it 
helps people, many of whom are vet-erans, for instance, who are stationed far away from home, who have to fight off efforts by people who are trying to repossess a car or do something else ne-farious. They need access to the courts. And so it was President Nixon who cre-ated Legal Services, understanding that one of the things about our coun-try, it is a country of laws. People have to have access to the courts, and they need representation. 
So I think there is already a justice 
gap, that is the percentage of people el-igible to the numbers who are actually able to be helped, and I think this would be unwise. I hope and I believe that this House will not support this amendment because it would be taking from people who need it the most when there is no definitive need for it in terms of where it is being allocated. 
Mr. Chairman, I now yield 2 minutes 
to the gentleman from Tennessee, Con-gressman C
OHEN , my colleague who 
represents the city of Memphis. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
Mr. F ATTAH . I join with him in oppos-
ing this amendment. 
Legal Services is funded at $375 mil-
lion this year. This budget cuts it $75 million to $300 million. That is a large cut. That is over 20 percent. It has been cut and cut and cut over the years. 
Nationally, 50 percent of all eligible 
potential clients are turned away from Legal Services because of a lack of funding. In my district in Memphis, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.052 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3702 June 2, 2015 
they have lost $300,000, and the staff 
has been reduced from 50 to 38. 
Mr. Chairman, when we travel over-
seas, one of the things that almost every individual you meet up with tells us about America is, We envy your jus-tice system. They envy our justice sys-tem because people have access to the courts to settle our differences. 
But if you are poor and/or 
uneducated and you don’t have a law-yer, you don’t have access, really, to the legal system; the other side will. If you are a domestic violence victim and you need an attorney and you don’t have one, you are subject to further do-mestic violence. If you are a tenant in an apartment building and you are being run out, the apartment people are going to have attorneys and you won’t, and you will be on the street. 
So we are talking about victims, do-
mestic victims. We are talking about people being homeless. We are talking about individuals, American citizens, who won’t have access to the courts, the envy of people around the world when they look at America, and we will be taking it away from them. 
I would ask the gentleman to find 
moneys for the FBI from somewhere else. The FBI helps bring about justice. But to take it away from an area that gives poor people of America justice— even though it does give money to the FBI to find criminals and hopefully bring justice to them on the criminal side, which is important—this is not the right place to take the money. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I agree 
with the spirit. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ). 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, I am 
grateful for the time of both my col-leagues. I want to recognize the ex-traordinary commitment that my col-league, Mr. P
ITTENGER , has made to 
counterterrorism and trying to protect the safety and security of the United States. 
I will say, though, Mr. Chairman, I 
did work as a legal aid attorney, a legal aid volunteer many years ago when I was a law student. We spent countless hours trying to keep a roof over the head of tenants who were being kicked out of their home through no fault of their own because a land-lord wasn’t paying a mortgage. Now, you had people who were going home-less because they did nothing wrong but couldn’t avail themselves of an at-torney. 
To try to find, now, ways to gut that 
funding when, with low interest rates— one of the key methods of funding for Legal Services across this country is from interest on lawyer’s trust ac-counts. Because of low interest rates, that funding has been basically non-existent. In Massachusetts, that went from about $34 million a year down to $4 million a year. 
We are gutting a very basic tenet of 
what this country is all about. We spend so much time in these Chambers, Mr. Chairman, talking about how these 
laws are shaped to touch people’s lives and very little time speaking about the enforcement and protections that they provide. Mr. Chairman, this is that mo-ment, and I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the amendment. 
MR. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, I acknowledge the 
wonderful work of Mr. K
ENNEDY and 
what he has done with Legal Services. I would say that Legal Services, frank-ly, has had a long and troubled history of using taxpayer money for political purposes. 
An LSC-affiliated agency once used 
Federal tax dollars to produce pam-phlets and political cartoons for polit-ical advocacy purposes. Tax dollars were also used to train activists on how to lobby Congress for additional funding. The LSC is marked by misuse of taxpayer money and redundancy, as many of these programs are offered, as well, by the States. 
So I don’t question that there is good 
work that is being done, but at the same time, I think it is prudent and logical that we look and see how this money is not being used wisely and, frankly, been inappropriately used. 
So, Mr. Chairman, this is a very, very 
modest cut in this agency. I commend this amendment to the House and ask for their support, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
CONSTRUCTION  
For necessary expenses, to include the cost 
of equipment, furniture, and information technology requirements, related to con-struction or acquisition of buildings, facili-ties and sites by purchase, or as otherwise authorized by law; conversion, modification and extension of Federally-owned buildings; preliminary planning and design of projects; and operation and maintenance of secure work environment facilities and secure net-working capabilities; $57,982,000, to remain available until expended. 
D
RUGENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Drug En-
forcement Administration, including not to exceed $70,000 to meet unforeseen emer-gencies of a confidential character pursuant to section 530C of title 28, United States Code; and expenses for conducting drug edu-cation and training programs, including travel and related expenses for participants in such programs and the distribution of 
items of token value that promote the goals of such programs, $2,073,945,000; of which not to exceed $75,000,000 shall remain available until expended and not to exceed $90,000 shall be available for official reception and rep-resentation expenses. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . COHEN  
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk concerning rape kits. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 33, line 5, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,000,000)’’. 
Page 49, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $4,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Tennessee. 
b1915 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
This amendment would increase by $4 
million the bill’s funding for grants to address the backlog of sexual assault kits at law enforcement agencies. 
DNA analysis has been revolutionary 
in helping to catch criminals and pre-vent crimes from occurring because of DNA evidence. This evidence does us no good if it remains untested and sitting on a shelf in a lab somewhere. 
Despite progress over the last few 
years, and much progress most re-cently, there are still thousands of rape kits that remain untested—potentially hundreds of thousands. That is poten-tially hundreds of thousands of victims whose assailants are never brought to justice left to prey on yet more women. 
Last year, my hometown paper, the 
Memphis Commercial Appeal, high-lighted the tragic need to end this backlog once and for all. It described a serial rapist who was finally caught by police in 2012. He could have been stopped nearly a decade earlier if only his first victim’s rape kit had been tested, but that kit wasn’t, and, in-stead, he was able to attack five more women over the next 8 years. 
Missed opportunities like this happen 
all across our country every day. The trauma inflicted on victims of rape can be compounded when they know that their assailants run free while critical evidence goes untested. 
Fortunately, efforts are underway to 
reduce the backlog, and they are mak-ing a difference. In Memphis, our back-log reached more than 12,000, but police have now opened 488 investigations and issued 90 requests for indictment. 
But testing rape kits cost money, 
more than local law enforcement can afford. I appreciate the chairman’s and the ranking member’s commitment to eliminating the backlog and the fund-ing that the committee has provided in the bill, but we need more. 
This amendment would increase by 
not quite 10 percent, an additional $4 million, and would take it from the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.128 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3703 June 2, 2015 
Drug Enforcement Administration, a $2 
billion agency that receives a $40 mil-lion increase in this bill. DEA would barely notice the difference. 
Moreover, DEA has been alarmingly 
irresponsible with money Congress has given it previously. An inspector gen-eral report recently found that DEA agents had ‘‘sex parties’’ with pros-titutes funded by drug cartels in gov-ernment-leased living quarters. And this followed an inspector general re-port that found the DEA paid hundreds of thousands of dollars for information from Amtrak that they could have ob-tained for free. 
I think the choice is clear: we should 
stand with victims of sexual assault. 
I urge my colleagues to pass this 
amendment. It is so important that these kits are tested, that the assail-ants are brought to justice, and that additional women are not attacked by what are known to be serial rapists who are out on the streets. 
I would like to say a thank you to 
my partner on this amendment, Rep-resentative C
AROLYN MALONEY , who 
has been a tireless advocate on this issue as well. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. W
ESTMORE -
LAND ). Without objection, the gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
believe the gentleman is exactly right. We, in the bill, have increased funding to reduce the rape kit backlog. This is a vitally important tool that local po-lice departments are using to get these people off the streets as quickly as pos-sible. 
I accept the gentleman’s amendment. 
There is no punishment severe enough nor swift enough for these people. I think it is very, very important that we get these rape kits handled as quickly as possible, so I urge Members to support the gentleman’s amend-ment. 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, we 
made some significant progress, but more needs to be done. I want to thank the gentleman for his amendment. The committee has made this a very high priority. I thank the chairman for his leadership in this regard. We are all in concurrence here. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to thank the chairman, particu-larly, and the ranking member as well, for their help and their hard work on getting the moneys passed and for helping on this amendment. 
These rapists don’t know State lines, 
and they cross State lines, so it is most appropriate that the Federal Govern-ment help the locals in finding people that perform these dastardly acts all 
over our country. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . TED LIEU OF  
CALIFORNIA  
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 33, line 5, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $9,000,000)’’. 
Page 38, line 9, after the dollar amount in-
sert (‘‘increased by $4,000,000’’). 
Page 38, line 24, after the dollar amount in-
sert (‘‘increased by $4,000,000’’). 
Page 47, line 8, after the dollar amount in-
sert (‘‘increased by $3,000,000’’). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Chairman, this amendment takes $9 million out of the DEA’s $2 billion sala-ries and expense budget and redirects it toward deficit reduction, as well as un-derfunded State and local programs to help children who suffer through child abuse, domestic abuse, and sexual as-sault. 
This amendment has been scored by 
the CBO as reducing budget authority by $2 million and reducing outlays by $6 million in fiscal year 2016. 
In the face of overwhelming support 
for lessening restrictions on marijuana, the DEA still spends over $18 million a year on domestic marijuana eradi-cation programs. This simply takes some of that money away because some States have legalized it, making some of these eradication programs no longer necessary, and it redirects the money—$2 million to lowering the def-icit, $3 million to the Victims of Child Abuse Act, which supports justice and support for victims of child abuse, and $4 million to the Consolidated Youth Oriented program, which helps victims and the services they need to pursue safe and healthy lives. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
think the gentleman has a good amend-ment, and I would encourage Members to support it. 
I yield to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I con-
cur. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
EDLIEU). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF TEXAS  
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 33, line 5, after the 1st dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. 
Page 49, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
first, I would like to thank the chair-man and the ranking member for their hard work on this bill. 
My amendment would add $10 million 
to the Community Trust Initiative ac-count for police body-worn cameras, and would take those $10 million from the DEA account for salaries and ex-penses. 
Over the last several months, we 
have seen more and more encounters between members of our communities and law enforcement that have been too powerful to ignore. We have seen in those recordings instances of police abuse. We have seen instances where police were justified in the use of force. We have even seen instances where po-lice went above and beyond doing their job. 
Mr. Chairman, over the last two dec-
ades or so, something changed—two things, in fact. 
First, we developed a technology so 
that basically each of us who walks around with a cell phone camera is a social documentarian of the things going on around us. 
The second thing that changed is the 
advent of social media, which allowed people not only to document their ex-periences, but also to widely distribute what they have documented to this country and to the world. Because of that, we have gotten a better indica-tion of the interaction between law en-forcement and members of our commu-nity. 
In this digital age, we have a respon-
sibility to seek and to know the truth about those encounters. Local police departments, many of them—in fact, 25 percent of the 17,000 police agencies in this country—are already using body cameras. Many more in States all over our Nation are seeking the funds to do this. 
The President of the United States 
asked for $50 million to allow local grants and moneys for local agencies to afford these body cameras and for the storage to make sure that they can keep that evidence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.133 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3704 June 2, 2015 
As you all know, this is a very expen-
sive thing, and many departments have struggled with the funds to afford these things. So in the budget that has been proposed, the amount proposed is not $50 million, but $15 million. This $10 million would simply bring us back up to half of what the President has re-quested at $25 million. 
I will also add that this is very pop-
ular among the American people: 86 percent of Americans—Republicans and Democrats, people of every race and ethnicity, in every community across the country—support increased use of body cameras for officers. Even the as-sociation of police chiefs in our coun-try supports this also. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
would encourage Members to support it. The gentleman has a good amend-ment. I think the Community Trust Initiative program that we have cre-ated in the bill will rebuild that bond of trust between police officers and their community by making sure that these body cameras are available. My good friend from Texas—Texas was the first State in the Union to pass a State law that says when, where, and how this data from the body cameras can be used. State Senator Royce West from Dallas passed that legislation. I had a chance to talk to him during the legis-lative session about a month and a half ago, talk to him about this, and I said: If you will pass this law in Texas and other States will pass it, my good friend, Mr. F
ATTAH , and I, we made 
sure that the language in our bill fol-lows State law. The State law in Geor-gia, the State law in Pennsylvania, in Texas, et cetera, will decide when, where, and how this data can be accessed by attorneys, by victims, and make sure it is not given to the media. State law will control that. It is a good program and a good amendment, and I encourage Members to support it. 
I am happy to yield to my good 
friend from Philadelphia. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the chairman and I thank the gen-tleman from Texas for offering this amendment. I also support it. We have already put some dollars available for this purpose, but adding another addi-tional $10 million gets us closer to the goal that we want to seek in this ef-fort, so I thank the gentleman. 
We have got a circumstance here 
where we are in total agreement and on one accord. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I thank the chairman for his foresight and thank him for his work on this. I also want to thank a few folks: Con-gressmen C
LEAVER , CLAY; DANA ROHR-
ABACHER , who was with me on this; Congressmen S CHWEIKERT , JOHNLEWIS, 
and D ONALD NORCROSS . Congressman 
NORCROSS did a lot of work on this in 
New Jersey. So thank you very much. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . COHEN  
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 33, line 5, after the first dollar 
amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $12,000,000)’’. 
Page 72, line 7, after the first dollar 
amount insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Tennessee. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
We just had an amendment on the 
floor and the amendment took $25 mil-lion from Legal Services. I had several amendments to file, and they went from $5 million for legal services up to $35 million. So what I thought might be the equitable thing to do would be, instead of going with the $35 million, which would have just been half of the cut, take the $25 million that Mr. P
ITTENGER wanted to take away from 
them, take it away from the amend-ment that would have been best, the $35 million increase, and go for a $10 million increase, which would, in es-sence, be Mr. P
ITTENGER ’s amendment 
against the amendment which would be a best practices that I would have rec-ommended increasing $35 million. 
b1930 
This amendment would restore $10 
million to the devastating cuts to Legal Services. Legal Services in 1995 was funded at $400 million. Just on in-flationary dollars, today, that $400 mil-lion would be $600 million; yet, in this budget, Legal Services would be funded at $300 million, half of what it would be based on 1995 figures adjusted for infla-tion. 
We are proud of our legal system, and 
we are known for it all around the globe, but it can be complex. With all of the problems we have with the legal language, let alone just languages that we have in this Nation, it is too dif-ficult for people to represent them-selves in court. 
There is a saying: ‘‘He who represents 
himself as a lawyer has a fool for a cli-ent.’’ People need professional legal aid to get through the maze of the justice system. If you are poor in this coun-try—and most people are—if you are uneducated—and many are—and scared when you go to court, you are not going to be able to successfully work against a private attorney on the other side. It just takes away from the whole 
idea of equal justice under the law. 
I talked earlier about domestic vio-
lence. There are ladies—and sometimes men—who need protective orders from abusive partners or seniors who have been victimized by fraudulent lenders as well. Legal assistance is vital to en-suring that these parties are treated fairly and are aware of their rights. That is why I am a champion of the Legal Services Corporation, which helps fund legal aid programs through-out the country. 
This bill, as I say, cuts $75 million, 
which would make many people in the Nation not have representation and un-able to pursue justice. Nearly 50 per-cent of all eligible potential clients are turned away from legal services na-tionally, and it has hurt people all over this country. 
The attorneys do heroic work, and 
there are serious consequences for re-ducing the funding to these folks. Un-less we ensure legal assistance, we ef-fectively shut the courthouse doors to many who won’t be able to protect their rights. 
The decrease would come from the 
DEA. Again, the DEA has had numer-ous, numerous problems with agents who have gone rogue and have done things that you shouldn’t do anywhere, least of all when you are a DEA agent representing our country. The funding in the hands of Legal Services could change the lives of thousands of people who need legal representation. 
This amendment is $25 million less 
than what I would have like to have gotten with the $35 million amend-ment, but I will take that. If we can get the 10, hopefully, Mr. P
ITTENGER  
will be happy with the 25 cut from the 35 that we should have gotten, in my opinion, on top to restore the 75 that we have lost. 
Representatives Q
UIGLEY , C ASTOR , 
SCHRADER , and J OEKENNEDY have all 
helped on this. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ). 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, once 
again, I rise in support of the Legal Services Corporation. 
This is an organization that is the 
major source of funding for legal aid offices all across this country. The funding, as my colleague indicated, has not kept pace with need, inflation, or reality. 
The fact of the matter is, Mr. Chair-
man—and I have seen as a legal aid vol-unteer in the courtrooms and then again as a prosecutor the impact of adequate legal representation. I spent hours and hours, along with other vol-unteers, trying to ensure that citizens of this country who, through no fault of their own, are being victimized by large interests or by folks who did know how to navigate the legal system could have adequate representation in the courts. 
Mr. Chairman, inside these halls, we 
debate with great vigor and great de-tail the nuances to every single piece 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.137 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3705 June 2, 2015 
of legislation, yet spend far too little 
time discussing the impact of how that is going to be enforced after it becomes law. That is what the Legal Services Corporation does. 
The fact is, in many ways, another 
source of funding for Legal Services is through the interest on lawyers’ trusts accounts, IOLTA funding. With low in-terest rates over the course of past sev-eral years, that funding has been dev-astated. 
In Massachusetts alone, that used to 
be about $34 million a year through a separate fund that has been reduced to $4 million. The fact of the matter is, Mr. Chairman, that Legal Services has already been decimated at a time when more and more people need to under-stand that they have access to a fair and just legal system. That is what this amendment seeks to do. 
That is why I am proud to support it, 
and I ask my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, the 
Drug Enforcement Agency does ex-traordinarily important work in tar-geting high-level drug trafficking orga-nizations—disrupting and dismantling them, attacking the economic basis of the drug trade, and contributing to counterterrorism activities that are tied to and financed by drugs. 
We have seen the absolute anarchy in 
northern Mexico. Mexico is a failed state. The northern part of the state is a complete disaster. We have got utter lawlessness along the Texas border, the southwest border, so it is so important that the DEA be given the resources that they need to do their job. 
I understand the concern about the 
Legal Services Corporation. I will be filing legislation to give attorneys a dollar-for-dollar deduction in their taxes for services that they donate to the poor. I think it is a far better way to get at the concern that we all have that legal services be provided to the poor by doing that through the Tax Code rather than by appropriating our constituents’ hard-earned tax dollars. The DEA has a very, very important job to do. 
As for the concerns that the gen-
tleman has raised and that I have heard other people raise about some of the activities of some senior level folks at the DEA, we have withheld money from the Department of Justice in our bill specifically to encourage the new Attorney General to discipline those high-level DEA officials who were in-volved in that embarrassing and dis-graceful episode that we saw take place in Colombia that the inspector general uncovered. 
That kind of behavior is not accept-
able, and they should all be fired, and we have encouraged the new Attorney General to do so immediately. How-ever, I think the taking of additional money from the DEA is a bad idea, and I do encourage my colleagues to oppose 
the amendment. I will also point out that we have an initial $43 million in this bill for violence against women programs, specifically for legal assist-ance for domestic violence victims. 
I do urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ 
on this amendment in order to protect the vital role that the DEA plays in the war on drugs. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, let me be 
clear. This does not cut the DEA. It only reduces the amount of money it was increased by in the budget, and it was increased by something like $40 million in a $2 billion budget. It would take $10 million, which would make a big difference to Legal Services. 
Once the Rohrabacher-Cohen-Farr 
amendment passes, they won’t be mess-ing with States that have legalized medical marijuana, and it will give the 
DEA a lot more time to do the right things they need to do in northern Mexico and in other failed states; and as for the states that haven’t failed, stay out of them. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield to the gentleman from Philadel-phia, Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ATTAH ) for 
any comments he may have. 
Mr. FATTAH. I thank the chairman. Mr. Chairman, I don’t want anyone 
to be confused here. On the floor, the chairman from the subcommittee and from the full committee has said—and I have said it—that we realize that the Legal Services Corporation and the shortfall needs to be addressed. 
I believe, before we pass a final bill, 
it will be addressed. There is no possi-bility that I am going to support a bill that has got $300 million funding for Legal Services Corporation. 
There is this notion of a $10 million 
increase on top of a $25 million cut. I don’t want these votes to be viewed as some kind of ceiling for Legal Services, and I think we ought to be careful here to make sure, as the House is working through this, that we understand that the amount that the bill is at now is unacceptable. It has already been cut. Taking that cut and adding $10 million back to it is not a satisfactory re-sponse, notwithstanding the intentions of our colleague here. 
We want to address the bigger issue, 
which is the full funding for Legal Services. As we go forward in this ef-fort, I want to make my intentions clear that I intend to fight to make sure that we live up to our commit-ment and our responsibilities in terms of fully funding Legal Services. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I want to assure 
my friend from Philadelphia, as we get down further into conference, that we have got priorities in the bill that we did not have enough money for, and we will work hard with you to try to find resources, but let’s not take it from the DEA. 
I would urge Members to vote against 
this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
BUREAU OF ALCOHOL , TOBACCO , FIREARMS AND  
EXPLOSIVES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Bureau of 
Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, for training of State and local law enforce-ment agencies with or without reimburse-ment, including training in connection with the training and acquisition of canines for explosives and fire accelerants detection; and for provision of laboratory assistance to State and local law enforcement agencies, with or without reimbursement, $1,250,000,000, of which not to exceed $36,000 shall be for official reception and representa-tion expenses, not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be available for the payment of attorneys’ fees as provided by section 924(d)(2) of title 18, United States Code, and not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended: Provided , That none of the funds ap-
propriated herein shall be available to inves-tigate or act upon applications for relief from Federal firearms disabilities under sec-tion 925(c) of title 18, United States Code: Provided further , That such funds shall be 
available to investigate and act upon appli-cations filed by corporations for relief from Federal firearms disabilities under section 925(c) of title 18, United States Code: Pro-
vided further , That no funds made available 
by this or any other Act may be used to transfer the functions, missions, or activities 
of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to other agencies or Departments. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 33, line 19, insert after the dollar 
amount ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 42, line 24, insert after the dollar 
amount ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 46, line 7, insert after the dollar 
amount ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to stand with the veterans throughout the country by offering a simple amendment to bolster funds in this act for Veterans Treatment Courts. 
Veterans Treatment Courts promote 
sobriety and recovery through coordi-nated local partnerships among com-munity corrections agencies, drug treatment providers, the judiciary, and other community support groups. Vet-erans Treatment Courts have been ex-tremely successful since they were first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.140 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3706 June 2, 2015 
created in 2008 by a Buffalo judge to 
combat the growing numbers of vet-erans appearing before the court that were addicted to drugs and alcohol, as well as suffering from mental illness. 
Many of our Nation’s heroes return-
ing from combat are traumatized due to the associated violence and pressure of war and often cope with such feel-ings with substance abuse. They need focused treatment and a helping hand, and these courts provide such an ave-nue. 
The alternative to Veterans Treat-
ment Courts is often jail time. I think we can all agree that providing treat-ment for our veterans through commu-nity partnerships at the local level is a far better option than locking them up. 
My amendment pays for this modest 
increase for this critical initiative by reducing funds for the salaries and ex-penses for the overreaching Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explo-sives by $5 million. I offered a very similar amendment last year, which was adopted by voice vote. 
The ATF’s salaries and expenses are 
slated to receive an increase of $49 mil-lion from fiscal year 2015 enacted lev-els, which would bring the total appro-priation level to $1.25 billion. My amendment redirects funds from bu-reaucrats in the mismanaged and over-zealous ATF to a worthy treatment program for our Nation’s veterans. 
I urge my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to, once again, show their support for the worthwhile program by passing my commonsense amendment. 
I thank the chairman and the rank-
ing member for their leadership on this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, but I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, the 
gentleman has a good amendment, and I encourage the House to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 33, line 19, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(decreased by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 42, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 46, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer another amendment to this bill, along with my colleague from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), that seeks to bol-
ster another important program. 
First, I reiterate my thanks to the 
committee for the long hours they have dedicated to prioritizing limited resources in order to produce this bill, but I simply believe the House should not reward bad behavior for that type that the ATF has shown recently. My amendment is simple, and it is nearly identical to an amendment I offered last year, which was adopted by voice vote. 
The amendment shifts $5 million 
from the overreaching ATF bureau-crats to a worthy and effective pro-gram known as the Harold Rogers Pre-scription Drug Monitoring Program. 
b1945 
You ask why $5 million. Because that 
amount would bring the Prescription Drug Monitoring Program appropria-tions back to the level originally ap-proved by the House last year. The gen-tleman, Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, is 
the chairman of the House Committee on Appropriations, and he has been un-relenting on the issue of combating prescription drug abuse. 
This problem is truly plaguing our 
streets, our youth, and our commu-nities. Prescription drug abuse is con-tributing to addiction, health deterio-ration, and even untimely death for too many across our country. Prescription drug abuse also fuels the demand for other illicit drugs, such as cocaine, methamphetamine, ecstasy, and her-oin, along with human trafficking, gunrunning, and murder. Much of the solicitation activity flows over our southwestern border and into my home State of Arizona. 
The primary purpose of the Prescrip-
tion Drug Monitoring Program is to enhance the capacity of regulatory and law enforcement agencies to collect and analyze controlled substance pre-scription data through a centralized database administered by an author-ized State agency. States that have im-
plemented the PDMP can collect and analyze this data much more effec-tively than States in which collection of this data requires manual review of pharmacy files. 
It is this body’s duty, through the an-
nual appropriations process, to evalu-ate which programs are worthwhile and which ones are not. The Prescription Drug Monitoring Program has shown promising results, but we must not give up. We must continue to think of our families, our friends, and our fu-ture generations. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in favor 
of this amendment. I thank Chairman C
ULBERSON and Ranking Member 
FATTAH . 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I sup-
port the effort here to increase funding for a very important program that is addressing a major problem in our country. I divorce myself from the off-set, not in terms of the actual offset, but in any criticism of the ATF. I think that they have some very brave, courageous Americans who are trying to make our country safer. I think in lieu of the balancing act here, I support the amendment, and I agree with it. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
If I could also point out, actually, the 
ATF did the right thing here. I strenu-ously disagreed with the ammo ban and had a chance to meet with the head of the ATF, as I was the new chairman of the CJS Subcommittee, and walked him through the problems he was going to face on this House floor with amend-ments and problems with their budget and their spending plan this year. 
He is a patriot, former marine, and a 
lifelong law enforcement officer. He understood they had kind of gone be-yond the bounds of the statute, so he agreed to drop the ban on .223 ammuni-tion after I had a very good heart-to- heart meeting with him, and so ATF did the right thing. I think we should encourage good behavior. 
I want to recognize and I want to 
thank the new head of the ATF for doing the right thing and not going after law-abiding Americans’ constitu-tional right to possess and use per-fectly lawful .223 ammunition and focus on enforcing the statute, which is designed to protect police officers from armor-piercing bullets that can be fired from pistols. 
ATF did the right thing here, but I 
think the gentleman has a good amend-ment. That money is going to a good cause. The Prescription Drug Moni-toring Program is a good one. I share my colleague’s support for the amend-ment. I want to encourage Members to vote for it, but I want to be sure the R
ECORD reflects that the ATF did the 
right thing in dropping the ammo ban, and I don’t expect we are going to see another attempt by the ATF to at-tempt to ban .223 ammunition because the new chairman of the CJS Sub-committee will be on them imme-diately. 
Mr. FATTAH. We are in agreement 
again, maybe coming to it from dif-ferent angles, but the important thing is we are at a ‘‘yes’’ on this amend-ment. The way we all get to these points may be different. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), 
my friend. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank my colleague from Arizona for yielding me time to speak on this very 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.144 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3707 June 2, 2015 
important amendment. I want to thank 
him for his leadership. 
Prescription drug abuse has become 
an epidemic in my home State of Ar-kansas and throughout our country. I am so grateful for people like Chief Kirk Lane of Benton, Arkansas, who leads on this issue throughout my dis-trict. 
Tonight I speak from the well of our 
beloved House first as a dad, and a Con-gressman second. I have had personal experiences with the tragic loss of life that come as a result of prescription drug abuse, and many times our chil-dren and our loved ones are the ones who are so closely affected and im-pacted. 
My daughter is 18 years old, and she 
already knows four people in her age group who have lost their lives due to the influence of prescription drugs and the related impacts. That is tragic. 
I am proud that Arkansas recently 
passed legislation that gives law en-forcement investigators access to our State’s Prescription Drug Monitoring Program. This law in my State will en-hance investigative capabilities and will give law enforcement investigators better ability to bring criminals to jus-tice who are abusing prescription drug practices and trying to dump those drugs back on the street. 
This is a serious problem that de-
serves more of our attention, first at our dinner tables, in our schools, and in our capitol buildings. I am so proud to support Mr. G
OSAR ’s amendment 
that cuts money from the overhead at the ATF and will strengthen these pre-scription drug monitoring activities. 
I thank the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. I thank the gentleman 
from Arkansas for his kind words in support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
move to strike the last word and enter into a colloquy. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM). 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Chairman, as a small- 
business man and a supporter of the private sector, I wish to commend the committee for the inclusion of report language which states: ‘‘The com-mittee encourages NOAA to purchase services from the private sector when such services are available, cost effec-tive, and practicable.’’ 
As my friend from Texas knows, 
NOAA operates a fleet of survey ships for nautical charting as well as a fleet of survey aircraft for aerial photog-raphy and LIDAR for mapping. How-ever, the inspector general of the De-partment of Commerce has long rec-ommended that the aircraft fleet be privatized, as aerial survey operations are better, faster, and less expensive when purchased from the private sec-
tor. In fact, the inspector general found NOAA survey operations cost 42 per-cent more than the private sector, which was then confirmed by a second NOAA-commissioned study. 
Rather than accept these cost sav-
ings and productivity improvement re-quirements, NOAA has continually ac-quired new planes, new aerial sensors, and new ships. This is not only poor stewardship of taxpayer money and in-efficient use of resources, but results in the government duplicating and di-rectly competing with private enter-prise. There are numerous companies, including small businesses, ready and able to perform these services for NOAA at a reduced cost and increased quality. 
I have visited one such private sector 
mapping firm in my district and heard firsthand about how government agen-cies are engaged in this behavior, which hinders private economic growth and job creation. 
My question for the gentleman from 
Texas is: Regarding the language I quoted earlier, is it the intent of the committee to include contracting for such surveying and mapping services when there is a qualified, capable, and cost-effective solution available in the private sector? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I want to thank 
my colleague from Iowa for raising this important point, and the committee does expect NOAA to utilize the pri-vate sector for these services when they are available and cost effective and practicable. I deeply appreciate my friend’s interest and look forward to continuing to work with him on these issues to ensure they are taken care of as we move through the process. 
Mr. BLUM. I thank my friend from 
Texas and appreciate his hard work on this important legislation. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
Mr. BYRNE. I have an amendment at 
the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 33, line 19, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $250,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Alabama. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, my 
straightforward amendment would cut the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Fire-arms and Explosives, or ATF, by 20 per-cent. That would result in $250 million worth of savings. 
Let me make one thing clear. I know 
that the ATF has an important mission to play in keeping our Nation safe and regulating everything from firearms to alcohol. That said, in the last few years, we have seen an outrageous growth in operations and regulations coming out of the ATF. How could we forget the Fast and Fu-
rious gun trafficking scheme that was allowed to go so far offtrack that 2,000 guns were allowed to flow to Mexican drug trafficking groups? Worst of all, a Federal law enforcement officer was killed with a gun from that operation. 
There was Operation Fearless, where 
an undercover operation in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, went horribly wrong. Con-victed felons were given access to weapons, the fake storefront was bur-glarized, and $39,000 in merchandise was lost. The ATF even used someone with developmental disabilities in the operation and ultimately arrested him for his involvement. 
From Wichita, Kansas, to Portland, 
Oregon, to Atlanta, Georgia, the sto-ries of botched operations and inappro-priate action just goes on and on. 
Then there was the ATF’s recent at-
tempt to reclassify common M855 am-munition as armor piercing, despite its exemption from this classification since 1986 for sporting purposes. Thankfully, this proposal was dropped after pressure from Congress. 
Mr. Chairman, the people I represent 
in southwest Alabama are tired of a Federal Government that doesn’t live within its means. They want to see their elected officials in Washington get serious about making cuts to the Federal bureaucracy. My constituents also are tired of executive overreach and the Federal Government involving itself in areas where it simply doesn’t belong. 
I know that the committee and 
Chairman C
ULBERSON have made real 
efforts to rein in the ATF, and I appre-ciate those efforts. I also understand that ATF is now under new leadership, and I hope that the new leaders get se-rious about much-needed reforms. 
I am all for safety and responsible 
gun ownership, and the ATF does have a role to play in that, but this amend-ment would simply require ATF to re-turn to its core functions and respon-sibilities. It would cause ATF to look at itself in the mirror, find areas where they can cut back, and refocus on their true priorities. 
Ultimately, this amendment is about 
protecting our Second Amendment rights while also pushing for real re-forms to Federal spending. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I do 
understand the gentleman’s concern. My constituents and all of us were upset with the ATF’s attempt to ban .223 ammunition, but they did the right thing: they withdrew the ammo ban after I had a heart-to-heart with them. By doing the right thing, I think we should reward good behavior. 
I am monitoring them very closely. 
We have spending plan language in our bill that allows the subcommittee to have ongoing oversight over not only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.147 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3708 June 2, 2015 
the ATF and Department of Justice, 
every agency under our jurisdiction has to submit a spending plan to us that is then subjected to careful ongo-ing oversight throughout the year; and if we cut ATF by $250 million, they are not able to do all the important work that they are now engaged in, and it would really devastate the agency. 
b2000 
There are a lot of dedicated law en-
forcement officers in that agency that are doing their very best to fight gangs and violent criminals. 
We have visited with the folks at 
ATF. They are not concerned about law-abiding citizens or a gun dealer who is following the law. They are fo-cused on the criminal element in the country. 
So I would encourage Members, and I 
would be happy to work with you and share with you the ongoing oversight work that I am doing. I encourage you to visit with the new ATF Director. He is a very impressive man: a marine and a lifelong law enforcement officer who did the right thing here. 
The agency is devoted to protecting 
Americans’ Second Amendment rights. As the new chairman, if I ever detect any deviation from that, I assure you this son of the South is going to make sure our Second Amendment rights are protected. 
I would encourage Members to oppose 
the amendment. I just don’t want to see the ATF devastated. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. I want to thank the gen-
tleman from Texas for his superb work in this area. We are in great debt to you for all that you have done. And I am 100 percent confident you will con-tinue to do that. 
I don’t know the new leadership over 
there. I pray that it is truly new lead-ership. Because what has happened at ATF is simply not acceptable. And it is particularly not acceptable when it interferes with the Second Amendment rights of the people of the United States of America. 
So I thank the gentleman. I know 
that he will do everything he possibly can. I will take him up on his offer to meet the new leadership. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. I urge Members to 
oppose the amendment. 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. I visited at the ATF 
headquarters. In looking at their work particularly focused on explosives—and their new site in Alabama—looking at some of the work that they are doing around the country, it is so vitally im-portant that I think at this time in our country’s history for us to retreat from our commitment to this agency would be a very unfortunate and unwise deci-sion. 
So I would hope that the House would 
vote in opposition to this amendment and make sure that as we go forward 
we can try to address whatever the concerns are. But cutting ATF by this amount of money would put so many Americans at risk, and I think it would be unwise. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Reclaiming my 
time, I join my colleague in urging a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and will, again, work with my colleague in making sure the ATF continues to pro-tect the Second Amendment rights of Americans. 
There is no greater power the Con-
gress has than the power of the purse. I assure you as the new chairman that I am monitoring very, very closely to make sure that ATF, FBI, and the De-partment of Justice enforce the law and preserve our Second Amendment Rights. 
Therefore, I urge Members to vote 
‘‘no’’, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 33, line 25, strike ‘‘none of the’’ and 
insert ‘‘such’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman 
from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chair, I rise to strike 
language from this appropriations bill that denies hope, denies dignity, and denies Americans their Second Amend-ment right to bear arms. 
When I was district attorney in 
northern Colorado, a gentleman visited my office. He told me a story that I have heard from many, many others. He told me that 40 years ago, when he was in college, he gave his landlord a bad check. He pled guilty to a felony. 
The past 40 years, he has been a 
model citizen. He finished college. He work hard and raised a family. Now he wants to go hunting with his grand-child. He can’t because he is a con-victed felon. 
The law allows the Bureau of Alco-
hol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to restore this man’s right to possess a firearm. The burden is on the applicant to prove that he is not a danger. ATF may investigate to make sure. This ap-propriations bill prohibits ATF from processing applications, from following the law established by Congress 30 years ago. 
America is a compassionate country. 
We restore the right to vote in many States, and other rights. There is no good reason to prevent law-abiding citizens from, at the very least, peti-tioning ATF to have their rights re-stored. 
The change I am seeking is fair and 
reasonable, and it is long overdue. Peo-ple who are able to prove to ATF that 
their possession of a firearm would pose no danger to society would fi-nally, after over two decades of unfair treatment, be permitted to make their case and have their rights restored. 
Not everyone who petitions ATF will 
have their rights restored. In fact, this bill does not intend in any way, shape, or form to allow a violent criminal to possess a firearm—only those non-violent criminals that ATF deems are not a danger. Not everyone will have their rights restored, but Washington should not get in the way of Americans asking for a second chance. 
For these reasons, I respectfully re-
quest support for this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
FEDERAL PRISON SYSTEM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses of the Federal Pris-
on System for the administration, operation, and maintenance of Federal penal and cor-rectional institutions, and for the provision of technical assistance and advice on correc-tions related issues to foreign governments, $6,951,500,000: Provided , That the Attorney 
General may transfer to the Department of Health and Human Services such amounts as may be necessary for direct expenditures by that Department for medical relief for in-mates of Federal penal and correctional in-stitutions: Provided further , That the Direc-
tor of the Federal Prison System, where nec-essary, may enter into contracts with a fis-cal agent or fiscal intermediary claims proc-essor to determine the amounts payable to persons who, on behalf of the Federal Prison System, furnish health services to individ-uals committed to the custody of the Federal Prison System: Provided further , That not to 
exceed $5,400 shall be available for official re-ception and representation expenses: Pro-
vided further , That not to exceed $50,000,000 
shall remain available for necessary oper-ations until September 30, 2017: Provided fur-
ther, That, of the amounts provided for con-
tract confinement, not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until expended to make payments in advance for grants, con-tracts and reimbursable agreements, and other expenses: Provided further , That the Di-
rector of the Federal Prison System may ac-cept donated property and services relating to the operation of the prison card program from a not-for-profit entity which has oper-ated such program in the past, notwith-standing the fact that such not-for-profit en-tity furnishes services under contracts to the Federal Prison System relating to the oper-ation of pre-release services, halfway houses, or other custodial facilities. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  
For planning, acquisition of sites and con-
struction of new facilities; purchase and ac-quisition of facilities and remodeling, and equipping of such facilities for penal and cor-rectional use, including all necessary ex-penses incident thereto, by contract or force account; and constructing, remodeling, and equipping necessary buildings and facilities at existing penal and correctional institu-tions, including all necessary expenses inci-dent thereto, by contract or force account, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.149 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3709 June 2, 2015 
$230,000,000, to remain available until ex-
pended, of which $145,000,000 shall be avail-able only for costs related to construction of new facilities: Provided , That labor of United 
States prisoners may be used for work per-formed under this appropriation. 
FEDERAL PRISON INDUSTRIES , INCORPORATED  
The Federal Prison Industries, Incor-
porated, is hereby authorized to make such expenditures within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available, and in accord with the law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the program set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for such corporation. 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES , 
FEDERAL PRISON INDUSTRIES , INCORPORATED  
Not to exceed $2,700,000 of the funds of the 
Federal Prison Industries, Incorporated, shall be available for its administrative ex-penses, and for services as authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, to be computed on an accrual basis to be deter-mined in accordance with the corporation’s current prescribed accounting system, and such amounts shall be exclusive of deprecia-tion, payment of claims, and expenditures which such accounting system requires to be capitalized or charged to cost of commod-ities acquired or produced, including selling and shipping expenses, and expenses in con-nection with acquisition, construction, oper-ation, maintenance, improvement, protec-tion, or disposition of facilities and other property belonging to the corporation or in which it has an interest. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the gentlewoman offering the amendment at this point in the read-ing? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 34, line 19, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 42, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 44, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Wisconsin. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, my amend-
ment transfers $2 million into the Men-tally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Act for the purpose of ex-panding and improving police training to safely and appropriately respond to mentally ill individuals. 
Now, Mr. Chair, we have heard a lot 
lately in the news about high profile police-involved shootings that have be-come a major subject here around the country and here in Congress. Not sur-prising to some of us, especially those of us who hail from large urban cities, this is a widespread problem that has been around for a while. 
But today, I am offering this amend-
ment to highlight one serious issue that I think should be a major part of our current national dialogue: ensuring 
that police have adequate training to identify persons with mental illness and to safely, when it is possible, re-solve encounters during a crisis. 
Mr. Chair, indulge me for a moment 
while I tell you a story about a 31-year- old man in my home district of Mil-waukee, Wisconsin, who, unfortu-nately, is no longer with us today. His name was Dontre Hamilton. 
Dontre, like many people in this 
country, suffered from a mental illness. He was diagnosed with schizophrenia 1 year prior to the incident and had been off his medication due to an insurance issue. 
On April 30 of last year, Dontre was 
taking a nap on a public park bench when employees of a nearby Starbucks called the police. Two police officers came and did a wellness check and left the scene, discerning that Mr. Ham-ilton was no threat to himself, nor to anyone in the park or the public. 
Soon thereafter, yet another call 
came from the Starbucks employee be-cause this gentleman was sleeping on the public park bench. Another police officer, Officer Manney of the Mil-waukee Police Department, arrived and started to pat down Dontre. This pat- down turned into a struggle, and Offi-cer Manney pulled out his baton to help him subdue Mr. Hamilton. 
The struggle escalated, and Dontre 
got control of the baton and swung it at Officer Manney. This caused Officer Manney to draw his firearm and shoot 14 bullets into Dontre Hamilton. 
Officer Manney was terminated for 
conducting a pat-down in contraven-tion of his training on dealing with mentally ill individuals but faced no charges in the death of Dontre Ham-ilton. 
Mr. Chair, perhaps this tragedy could 
have been prevented. Too often, our mental health infrastructure is woe-fully inadequate for many Americans. A lack of treatment can turn a treat-able mental illness into a severe debili-tating condition. Many can’t hold a job or pay rent. Many end up homeless on the streets. In fact, more than 124,000 of the 610,000 homeless people in the United States suffer from a severe mental illness. 
As a result of many failures in our 
system, our Nation’s police officers have de facto become our country’s first responders to crisis calls, includ-ing those individuals experiencing mental illness. Too often these calls, many intended to be out of concern for the individual in crisis, become a trag-ic fatality. 
As we know, mentally ill persons are 
not generally dangerous, Mr. Chair. In fact, they are actually more likely to become victims themselves than actual perpetrators of violence. Many of these tragic encounters could be prevented if police officers are trained and follow proper procedures. 
The Mentally Ill Offender Treatment 
and Crime Reduction Act is an impor-tant Federal initiative and tool that will help us bridge this gap. This law 
established a grant program called the Justice and Mental Health Collabora-tion Program which helps States and localities develop collaborative ap-proaches to dealing with the intersec-tion of criminal justice and mental health systems. 
One of the authorized grant uses 
under the program is training to police officers for exactly these purposes: to safely respond to crisis calls and limit the chance of a tragic and often pre-ventable consequence. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. W
OODALL ). 
Without objection, the gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. 
Mr. CULBERSON. The gentlewoman 
has a good amendment, and I want to encourage Members to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
b2015 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 34, line 19, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,,000,000)’’. 
Page 42, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 46, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the distinguished chairman and the distinguished ranking member and their staffs for their cooperation on this amendment. 
The amendment increases the fund-
ing for Veterans Treatment Courts by $1 million. I offered a similar amend-ment last year that the House also adopted on a voice vote. 
With the additional funds provided 
by this amendment, a total of $6 mil-lion would be available for such courts, which is still short of the $8 million Congress has authorized under the bi-partisan Mentally Ill Offender Treat-ment and Crime Reduction Act. 
Our Nation’s heroes are returning 
home from more than a decade of war. Upon their return, they bear the visible and invisible wounds of deployment. Substance abuse, post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, and various mental health disorders can lead our returning heroes down a dif-ficult and often lonely path during their transition to civilian life. 
Twenty percent of Iraq and Afghani-
stan war veterans suffer from post- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.064 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3710 June 2, 2015 
traumatic stress disorder or major de-
pression. One in six battle with sub-stance abuse. Left undiagnosed or un-treated, these illnesses can result in an encounter with the justice system. Worse yet, these illnesses can also lead to suicide, which veterans commit at twice the rate of our civilian popu-lation. 
Fortunately, specialized Veterans 
Treatment Courts are being developed across the country, including in my home county of Fairfax in Virginia, to help veterans who do find themselves in the justice system and suffer from substance addiction or mental health disorders so that they can alter their course and find the assistance they de-serve, Mr. Chairman. 
The first such court was established 
in Buffalo, New York, in 2008; and since then, more than 200 have opened across the Nation. Hundreds more are cur-rently going through the planning and training process. 
Today, there are more than 11,000 
vets enrolled in Veterans Treatment Courts. Virginia is home to the sixth largest veteran population in the coun-try, with nearly 850,000 veterans, more than 10 percent of whom live in my dis-trict, the 11th Congressional District of Virginia. 
The comprehensive treatment pro-
gram provides eligible veterans with an alternative to jail and incarceration. Participating veterans must commit to an 18- to 24-month program, during which they receive group counseling, a dedicated veteran mentor, and enroll in vocational education and self-help pro-grams. 
By bringing veteran service organiza-
tions, State veterans service depart-ments, and volunteer mentors into the courtrooms, Veterans Treatment Courts can promote community col-laboration and connect veterans with 
the programs and benefits they have earned and that they may need. 
Having a veteran-only court docket 
ensures that everyone, from the judge to the volunteers, specializes in vet-erans care, and the involvement of fel-low veterans allows the defendant to experience a camaraderie to which he or she became accustomed in the mili-tary. 
We know this model works, and it is 
our hope this amendment will provide these courts with the resources they need to help our veterans who fall into the justice system to get back on the right track and transition successfully back into the society they swore to de-fend. 
In closing, again, I want to thank the 
distinguished chairman, the distin-guished ranking member, and their re-spective staffs for their cooperation in this matter. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I support the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I think the gen-
tleman has a good amendment, and I would encourage the Members to sup-
port it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
move to strike the last word and enter into a colloquy with my good friend, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE) for a colloquy. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I 
thank the gentleman for yielding, Mr. Chairman. 
During the full committee consider-
ation of this legislation, the chairman will recall that we discussed the ac-companying report language that, for the first time, would allocate NSF re-search funding by directorate and, in particular, would disproportionately reduce funding for the Directorate for Social, Behavioral & Economic Sciences and the Directorate for Geo-sciences. This has raised critical ques-tions and concerns within the scientific community. 
As the legislative process goes for-
ward, I ask for the chairman’s assur-ance that we can work together to pre-serve the National Science Founda-tion’s traditional discretion and flexi-bility in allocating basic research fund-ing among the Foundation’s direc-torates. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I look forward to 
working with you, Dr. P
RICE, and other 
members of the subcommittee and the full committee, as well as the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, to ensure that we protect the independ-ence of the National Science Founda-tion. 
It is vitally important that America 
preserves its leadership role in the world, and scientific research and NSF and NASA have been a vital part of that. 
A strong supporter of our investment 
in the sciences, my favorite Founding Father, Thomas Jefferson, liked to say that liberty was the firstborn of science. 
It is vital that we work together, as 
I will with you, sir, as we move through conference, to continue to pre-serve the flexibility and independence of the National Science Foundation. We, in the committee report, are sim-ply working to make sure NSF prioritizes their funding, but I will con-tinue to work with you throughout this process as we move forward. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I 
thank the gentleman. This is critically important. I appreciate the chance to work on this, as the legislation moves forward. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield back the 
balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
STATE AND LOCAL LAWENFORCEMENT  
ACTIVITIES  
OFFICE ON VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN  
VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN PREVENTION AND  
PROSECUTION PROGRAMS  
For grants, contracts, cooperative agree-
ments, and other assistance for the preven-tion and prosecution of violence against women, as authorized by the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et seq.) (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); the Vio-lent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–322) (‘‘the 1994 Act’’); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–647) (‘‘the 1990 Act’’); the Prosecutorial Remedies and Other Tools to end the Exploitation of Children Today Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–21); the Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.) (‘‘the 1974 Act’’); the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protec-tion Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–386) (‘‘the 2000 Act’’); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’); and the Violence Against Women Reauthor-ization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4) (‘‘the 2013 Act’’); and for related victims services, $479,000,000, to remain available until ex-
pended: Provided , That of the amount pro-
vided— 
(1) $196,000,000 is for grants to combat vio-
lence against women, as authorized by part T of the 1968 Act; 
(2) $28,000,000 is for transitional housing as-
sistance grants for victims of domestic vio-lence, dating violence, stalking, or sexual as-sault as authorized by section 40299 of the 1994 Act; 
(3) $8,000,000 is for the National Institute of 
Justice for research and evaluation of vio-lence against women and related issues ad-dressed by grant programs of the Office on Violence Against Women, which shall be transferred to and administered by the Office of Justice Programs; 
(4) $11,000,000 is for a grant program to pro-
vide services to advocate for and respond to youth victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking; assist-ance to children and youth exposed to such violence; programs to engage men and youth in preventing such violence; and assistance to middle and high school students through education and other services related to such violence: Provided , That unobligated bal-
ances available for the programs authorized by sections 41201, 41204, 41303 and 41305 of the 1994 Act, prior to its amendment by the 2013 Act, shall be available for this program: Pro-
vided further , That 10 percent of the total 
amount available for this grant program shall be available for grants under the pro-gram authorized by section 2015 of the 1968 Act: Provided further , That the definitions 
and grant conditions in section 40002 of the 1994 Act shall apply to this program; 
(5) $51,000,000 is for grants to encourage ar-
rest policies as authorized by part U of the 1968 Act, of which $4,000,000 is for a homicide reduction initiative; 
(6) $35,000,000 is for sexual assault victims 
assistance, as authorized by section 41601 of the 1994 Act; 
(7) $33,000,000 is for rural domestic violence 
and child abuse enforcement assistance grants, including as authorized by section 40295 of the 1994 Act; 
(8) $16,000,000 is for grants to reduce violent 
crimes against women on campus, as author-ized by section 304 of the 2005 Act; 
(9) $42,500,000 is for legal assistance for vic-
tims, as authorized by section 1201 of the 2000 Act; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.158 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3711 June 2, 2015 
(10) $4,500,000 is for enhanced training and 
services to end violence against and abuse of women in later life, as authorized by section 40802 of the 1994 Act; 
(11) $16,000,000 is for grants to support fami-
lies in the justice system, as authorized by section 1301 of the 2000 Act: Provided , That 
unobligated balances available for the pro-grams authorized by section 1301 of the 2000 Act and section 41002 of the 1994 Act, prior to their amendment by the 2013 Act, shall be available for this program; 
(12) $6,000,000 is for education and training 
to end violence against and abuse of women with disabilities, as authorized by section 1402 of the 2000 Act; 
(13) $500,000 is for the National Resource 
Center on Workplace Responses to assist vic-tims of domestic violence, as authorized by section 41501 of the 1994 Act; 
(14) $1,000,000 is for analysis and research 
on violence against Indian women, including as authorized by section 904 of the 2005 Act: Provided , That such funds may be transferred 
to and administered by the Office of Justice Programs; 
(15) $500,000 is for a national clearinghouse 
that provides training and technical assist-ance on issues relating to sexual assault of American Indian and Alaska Native women; 
(16) $25,000,000 for victim services programs 
for victims of trafficking, as authorized by section 107(b)(2) of Public Law 106–386, for programs authorized under Public Law 109– 164, or programs authorized under Public Law 113–4; and 
(17) $5,000,000 for the purposes authorized 
under the Rape Survivor Child Custody Act. 
O
FFICE OF JUSTICE PROGRAMS  
STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT  
ASSISTANCE  
For grants, contracts, cooperative agree-
ments, and other assistance authorized by the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforce-ment Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–322) (‘‘the 1994 Act’’); the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108– 405); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–647) (‘‘the 1990 Act’’); the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–164); the Vio-lence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’); the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248) (‘‘the Adam Walsh Act’’); the Victims of Trafficking and Vio-
lence Protection Act of 2000 (Public Law 106– 386); the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–180); subtitle D of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296) (‘‘the 2002 Act’’); the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110– 199); the Prioritizing Resources and Organi-zation for Intellectual Property Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–403); the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (Public Law 98–473); the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–416); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4) (‘‘the 2013 Act’’); and other programs, $1,015,400,000, to remain available until expended as follows— 
(1) $409,000,000 for the Edward Byrne Memo-
rial Justice Assistance Grant program as au-thorized by subpart 1 of part E of title I of the 1968 Act (except that section 1001(c), and the special rules for Puerto Rico under sec-tion 505(g) of title I of the 1968 Act shall not apply for purposes of this Act), of which, not-withstanding such subpart 1, $20,000,000 is for grants for law enforcement activities associ-ated with the presidential nominating con-ventions, $15,000,000 is for an Officer Robert Wilson III memorial initiative on Preventing Violence Against Law Enforcement Officer 
Resilience and Survivability (VALOR), $4,000,000 is for use by the National Institute of Justice for research targeted toward de-veloping a better understanding of the do-mestic radicalization phenomenon, and ad-vancing evidence-based strategies for effec-tive intervention and prevention, $22,500,000 is for the matching grant program for law enforcement armor vests, as authorized by section 2501 of title I of the 1968 Act, and $2,500,000 is for a program to improve juve-nile indigent defense; 
(2) $220,000,000 for the State Criminal Alien 
Assistance Program, as authorized by sec-tion 241(i)(5) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(i)(5)): Provided , That 
no jurisdiction shall request compensation for any cost greater than the actual cost for Federal immigration and other detainees housed in State and local detention facili-ties; 
(3) $41,000,000 for Drug Courts, as author-
ized by section 1001(a)(25)(A) of title I of the 1968 Act; 
(4) $7,000,000 for mental health courts and 
adult and juvenile collaboration program grants, as authorized by parts V and HH of title I of the 1968 Act, and the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–416); 
(5) $2,000,000 for the Capital Litigation Im-
provement Grant Program, as authorized by section 426 of Public Law 108–405, and for grants for wrongful conviction review; 
(6) $5,000,000 for economic, high technology 
and Internet crime prevention grants, in-cluding as authorized by section 401 of Public Law 110–403; 
(7) $20,000,000 for sex offender management 
assistance, as authorized by the Adam Walsh Act, and related activities; 
(8) $1,000,000 for the National Sex Offender 
Public Website; 
(9) $73,000,000 for grants to States to up-
grade criminal and mental health records for the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, including as authorized by the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–180); 
(10) $125,000,000 for DNA-related and foren-
sic programs and activities, of which— 
(A) $117,000,000 is for a DNA analysis and 
capacity enhancement program and for other local, State, and Federal forensic activities, including the purposes authorized under sec-tion 2 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimi-nation Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–546) (the Debbie Smith DNA Backlog Grant Program): Provided , That up to 4 percent of funds made 
available under this paragraph may be used for the purposes described in the DNA Train-ing and Education for Law Enforcement, Correctional Personnel, and Court Officers program (Public Law 108–405, section 303); 
(B) $4,000,000 is for the purposes described 
in the Kirk Bloodsworth Post-Conviction DNA Testing Program (Public Law 108–405, section 412); and 
(C) $4,000,000 is for Sexual Assault Forensic 
Exam Program grants, including as author-ized by section 304 of Public Law 108–405; 
(11) $6,000,000 for the court-appointed spe-
cial advocate program, as authorized by sec-tion 217 of the 1990 Act; 
(12) $5,000,000 for a veterans treatment 
courts program; 
(13) $11,000,000 for a program to monitor 
prescription drugs and scheduled listed chemical products; 
(14) $13,000,000 for prison rape prevention 
and prosecution grants to States and units of local government, and other programs, as authorized by the Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–79); 
(15) $75,000,000 is for the Comprehensive 
School Safety Initiative; and (16) $2,400,000 for the operationalization, 
maintenance and expansion of the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System: Provided , That, if a unit of local government 
uses any of the funds made available under this heading to increase the number of law enforcement officers, the unit of local gov-ernment will achieve a net gain in the num-ber of law enforcement officers who perform non-administrative public sector safety serv-ice. 
JUVENILE JUSTICE PROGRAMS  
For grants, contracts, cooperative agree-
ments, and other assistance, the following amounts are made available until expended— 
(1) $95,000,000 for youth mentoring grants; (2) $19,000,000 for programs authorized by 
the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990; 
(3) $68,000,000 for missing and exploited 
children programs, including as authorized by sections 404(b) and 405(a) of the 1974 Act (except that section 102(b)(4)(B) of the PRO-TECT Our Children Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–401) shall not apply for purposes of this Act); and 
(4) $1,500,000 for child abuse training pro-
grams for judicial personnel and practi-tioners, as authorized by section 222 of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990. 
PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICER BENEFITS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For payments and expenses authorized 
under section 1001(a)(4) of title I of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, such sums as are necessary (including amounts for administrative costs), to remain available until expended; and $16,300,000 for payments authorized by section 1201(b) of such Act and for educational assistance au-thorized by section 1218 of such Act, to re-main available until expended: Provided , 
That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney Gen-eral that emergent circumstances require additional funding for such disability and education payments, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to ‘‘Public Safe-ty Officer Benefits’’ from available appro-priations for the Department of Justice as may be necessary to respond to such cir-cumstances: Provided further , That any 
transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be avail-able for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
C
OMMUNITY ORIENTED POLICING SERVICES  
COMMUNITY ORIENTED POLICING SERVICES  
PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For grants, contracts, cooperative agree-
ments, and other assistance, the following amounts are made available until expended: Provided , That any balances made available 
through prior year deobligations shall only be available in accordance with section 505 of this Act— 
(1) $11,000,000 for anti-methamphetamine- 
related activities, which shall be transferred to the Drug Enforcement Administration upon enactment of this Act; 
(2) $30,000,000 for assistance to Indian 
tribes; 
(3) $52,500,000 for initiatives to improve po-
lice–community relations, as described in the report accompanying this Act; 
(4) $41,000,000 for a grant program for com-
munity-based sexual assault response re-form; 
(5) $68,000,000 for offender reentry programs 
and research, as authorized by the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–199), without regard to the time limitations speci-fied at section 6(1) of such Act; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.067 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3712 June 2, 2015 
(6) $35,000,000 is for regional information 
sharing activities, as authorized by part M of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968. 
G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  
JUSTICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 201. In addition to amounts otherwise 
made available in this title for official recep-tion and representation expenses, a total of not to exceed $50,000 from funds appropriated to the Department of Justice in this title shall be available to the Attorney General for official reception and representation ex-penses. 
S
EC. 202. None of the funds appropriated by 
this title shall be available to pay for an abortion, except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or in the case of rape or incest: Pro-
vided , That should this prohibition be de-
clared unconstitutional by a court of com-petent jurisdiction, this section shall be null and void. 
S
EC. 203. None of the funds appropriated 
under this title shall be used to require any person to perform, or facilitate in any way the performance of, any abortion. 
S
EC. 204. Nothing in the preceding section 
shall remove the obligation of the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to provide escort services necessary for a female inmate to re-ceive such service outside the Federal facil-ity: Provided , That nothing in this section in 
any way diminishes the effect of section 203 intended to address the philosophical beliefs of individual employees of the Bureau of Prisons. 
S
EC. 205. Not to exceed 5 percent of any ap-
propriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice in this Act may be transferred between such ap-propriations, but no such appropriation, ex-cept as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided , That any transfer 
pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obliga-tion except in compliance with the proce-dures set forth in that section. 
S
EC. 206. The Attorney General is author-
ized to extend through September 30, 2016, the Personnel Management Demonstration Project transferred to the Attorney General pursuant to section 1115 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 28 U.S.C. 599B) without limitation on the num-ber of employees or the positions covered. 
S
EC. 207. None of the funds made available 
under this title may be used by the Federal Bureau of Prisons or the United States Mar-shals Service for the purpose of transporting an individual who is a prisoner pursuant to conviction for crime under State or Federal law and is classified as a maximum or high security prisoner, other than to a prison or other facility certified by the Federal Bu-reau of Prisons as appropriately secure for housing such a prisoner. 
S
EC. 208. (a) None of the funds appropriated 
by this Act may be used by Federal prisons to purchase cable television services, or to rent or purchase audiovisual or electronic media or equipment used primarily for rec-reational purposes. 
(b) Subsection (a) does not preclude the 
rental, maintenance, or purchase of audio-visual or electronic media or equipment for inmate training, religious, or educational programs. 
S
EC. 209. None of the funds made available 
under this title shall be obligated or ex-pended for any new or enhanced information technology program having total estimated development costs in excess of $100,000,000, unless the Deputy Attorney General and the investment review board certify to the Com-
mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that the in-formation technology program has appro-priate program management controls and contractor oversight mechanisms in place, and that the program is compatible with the enterprise architecture of the Department of Justice. 
S
EC. 210. The notification thresholds and 
procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act shall apply to deviations from the amounts designated for specific activities in this Act and in the report accompanying this Act, 
and to any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this title in previous years. 
S
EC. 211. None of the funds appropriated by 
this Act may be used to plan for, begin, con-tinue, finish, process, or approve a public- private competition under the Office of Man-agement and Budget Circular A–76 or any successor administrative regulation, direc-tive, or policy for work performed by em-ployees of Federal Prison Industries, Incor-porated. 
S
EC. 212. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, no funds shall be available for the salary, benefits, or expenses of any United States Attorney assigned dual or ad-ditional responsibilities by the Attorney General or his designee that exempt that United States Attorney from the residency requirements of section 545 of title 28, United States Code. 
S
EC. 213. At the discretion of the Attorney 
General, and in addition to any amounts that otherwise may be available (or author-ized to be made available) by law, with re-spect to funds appropriated by this title under the headings ‘‘Violence Against Women Prevention and Prosecution Pro-grams’’, ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance’’, ‘‘Juvenile Justice Programs’’, and ‘‘Community Oriented Policing Services Programs’’— 
(1) up to 3 percent of funds made available 
to the Office of Justice Programs for grant or reimbursement programs may be used by such Office to provide training and technical assistance; and 
(2) funds made available for grant or reim-
bursement programs under such headings, except for amounts appropriated specifically for research, evaluation, or statistical pro-grams administered by the National Insti-tute of Justice and the Bureau of Justice Statistics, may be transferred to and merged with funds provided to the National Institute of Justice and the Bureau of Justice Statis-tics, to be used by them for research, evalua-tion, or statistical purposes, without regard to the authorizations for such grant or reim-bursement programs: Provided , That the 
transfer authority in this paragraph is in ad-dition to any other transfer authority con-tained in this Act: Provided further , That any 
transfer pursuant to this subsection shall be subject to the notification procedures appli-cable to a reprogramming of funds under sec-tion 505 of this Act. 
S
EC. 214. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, section 20109(a) of subtitle A of title II of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13709(a)) shall not apply to amounts made available by this or any other Act. 
S
EC. 215. None of the funds made available 
under this or any other Act, for fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter, other than for the national instant criminal back-ground check system established under sec-tion 103 of the Brady Handgun Violence Pre-vention Act (18 U.S.C. 922 note), may be used by a Federal law enforcement officer to fa-cilitate the transfer of an operable firearm to an individual if the Federal law enforce-ment officer knows or suspects that the indi-vidual is an agent of a drug cartel, unless 
law enforcement personnel of the United States continuously monitor or control the firearm at all times. 
S
EC. 216. (a) None of the income retained in 
the Department of Justice Working Capital Fund pursuant to title I of Public Law 102– 140 (105 Stat. 784; 28 U.S.C. 527 note) shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2016, except up to $40,000,000 may be obli-gated for implementation of a unified De-partment of Justice financial management system. 
(b) Not to exceed $30,000,000 of the unobli-
gated balances transferred to the capital ac-count of the Department of Justice Working Capital Fund pursuant to title I of Public Law 102–140 (105 Stat. 784; 28 U.S.C. 527 note) shall be available for obligation in fiscal year 2016, and any use, obligation, transfer or allocation of such funds shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act. 
(c) Any use, obligation, transfer or alloca-
tion of excess unobligated balances available under section 524(c)(8)(E) of title 28, United States Code, shall be treated as a reprogram-ming of funds under section 505 of this Act. 
(d) Of amounts available in the Assets For-
feiture Fund in fiscal year 2016, $154,700,000 shall be for payments associated with joint law enforcement operations as authorized by section 524(c)(1)(I) of title 28, United States Code, and $20,514,000 shall be for payments associated with subparagraphs (B), (F), and (G) of section 524(c)(1) of title 28, United States Code. 
(e) The Attorney General shall submit a 
spending plan to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act detailing the planned distribution of Assets Forfeiture Fund joint law enforcement operations fund-ing during fiscal year 2016. 
S
EC. 217. (a) Of the funds appropriated by 
this Act under each of the headings ‘‘General Administration—Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘United States Marshals Service—Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation—Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Drug En-forcement Administration—Salaries and Ex-penses’’, and ‘‘Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives—Salaries and Ex-penses’’, $20,000,000 shall not be available for obligation until the Attorney General dem-onstrates to the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate that all recommendations in-cluded in the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Justice, Evaluation and Inspections Division Report 15-04 entitled ‘‘The Handling of Sexual Harassment and Misconduct Allegations by the Department’s Law Enforcement Components’’, dated March, 2015, have been implemented or are in the process of being implemented. 
(b) The Inspector General of the Depart-
ment of Justice shall report to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act on the status of the Department’s implemen-tation of recommendations included in the report specified in subsection (a). 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department 
of Justice Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
TITLE III 
SCIENCE 
O
FFICE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY POLICY  
For necessary expenses of the Office of 
Science and Technology Policy, in carrying out the purposes of the National Science and Technology Policy, Organization, and Prior-ities Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), hire of passenger motor vehicles, and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.067 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3713 June 2, 2015 
States Code, not to exceed $2,250 for official 
reception and representation expenses, and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, $5,555,000. 
N
ATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE  
ADMINISTRATION  
SCIENCE  
For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-
vided for, in the conduct and support of science research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and re-pair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communica-tions activities; program management; per-sonnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sec-tions 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $5,237,500,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017: Provided, That the formula-
tion and development costs (with develop-ment cost as defined under section 30104 of title 51, United States Code) for the James Webb Space Telescope shall not exceed $8,000,000,000: Provided further , That should 
the individual identified under subsection (c)(2)(E) of section 30104 of title 51, United States Code, as responsible for the James Webb Space Telescope determine that the de-velopment cost of the program is likely to exceed that limitation, the individual shall immediately notify the Administrator and the increase shall be treated as if it meets the 30 percent threshold described in sub-section (f) of section 30104: Provided further , 
That, $140,000,000 shall be for a Jupiter Eu-ropa mission to assure progress on a mission which meets the Planetary Science decadal objectives, consisting of an orbiter and stud-ies of both a surface element as well as sam-ple analysis of plumes emanating from the surface: Provided further , That NASA shall 
use the Space Launch System as the launch vehicle for a Jupiter Europa mission, plan for a launch no later than 2022, and include in the fiscal year 2017 budget the five year funding profile necessary to achieve those goals. 
AERONAUTICS  
For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-
vided for, in the conduct and support of aero-nautics research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and re-pair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communica-tions activities; program management; per-sonnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sec-tions 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $600,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017. 
SPACE TECHNOLOGY  
For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-
vided for, in the conduct and support of space technology research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; mainte-nance and repair, facility planning and de-sign; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program man-agement; personnel and related costs, includ-ing uniforms or allowances therefor, as au-thorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; pur-chase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $625,000,000, to remain available 
until September 30, 2017, of which $25,000,000 shall be for icy satellites surface technology and test beds. 
EXPLORATION  
For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-
vided for, in the conduct and support of ex-ploration research and development activi-ties, including research, development, oper-ations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and commu-nications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uni-forms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and pur-chase, lease, charter, maintenance, and oper-ation of mission and administrative aircraft, $4,759,300,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017: Provided , That not less than 
$1,096,300,000 shall be for the Orion Multi- Purpose Crew Vehicle: Provided further , That 
not less than $2,313,000,000 shall be for the Space Launch System, including no less than $1,850,000,000 for launch vehicle development, which shall have a lift capability not less than 130 metric tons and which shall have core elements and an enhanced upper stage developed simultaneously: Provided further , 
That of the amounts provided for launch ve-hicle development, no less than $50,000,000 shall be for enhanced upper stage develop-ment: Provided further , That of the funds 
made available for the Space Launch Sys-tem, $410,000,000 shall be for exploration ground systems and $53,000,000 shall be for program integration: Provided further , That 
$1,000,000,000 shall be for commercial spaceflight activities: Provided further , That 
$350,000,000 shall be for exploration research and development. 
SPACE OPERATIONS  
For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-
vided for, in the conduct and support of space operations research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support and services; space flight, spacecraft control and communica-tions activities, including operations, pro-duction, and services; maintenance and re-pair, facility planning and design; program management; personnel and related costs, in-cluding uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; pur-chase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $3,957,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
EDUCATION  
For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-
vided for, in the conduct and support of aero-space and aeronautical education research and development activities, including re-search, development, operations, support, and services; program management; per-sonnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sec-tions 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $119,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, of which $18,000,000 shall be for the Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research and $40,000,000 shall be for the National Space Grant College pro-gram. 
SAFETY , SECURITY AND MISSION SERVICES  
For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-
vided for, in the conduct and support of science, aeronautics, space technology, ex-ploration, space operations and education re-
search and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facil-ity planning and design; space flight, space-craft control, and communications activi-ties; program management; personnel and re-lated costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel ex-penses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $63,000 for official re-ception and representation expenses; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative air-craft, $2,768,600,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
CONSTRUCTION AND ENVIRONMENTAL  
COMPLIANCE AND RESTORATION  
For necessary expenses for construction of 
facilities including repair, rehabilitation, re-vitalization, and modification of facilities, construction of new facilities and additions to existing facilities, facility planning and design, and restoration, and acquisition or condemnation of real property, as authorized by law, and environmental compliance and restoration, $425,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided , That pro-
ceeds from leases deposited into this account shall be available for a period of 5 years to the extent and in amounts as provided in an-nual appropriations Acts: Provided further , 
That notwithstanding section 20145(b)(2)(A) of title 51, United States Code, such proceeds referred to in the preceding proviso shall be available for obligation for fiscal year 2016 in an amount not to exceed $9,470,300: Provided 
further , That each annual budget request 
shall include an annual estimate of gross re-ceipts and collections and proposed use of all funds collected pursuant to section 20145 of title 51, United States Code. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
For necessary expenses of the Office of In-
spector General in carrying out the Inspec-
tor General Act of 1978, $37,400,000, of which $500,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
Funds for any announced prize otherwise 
authorized shall remain available, without fiscal year limitation, until the prize is claimed or the offer is withdrawn. 
Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropria-
tion made available for the current fiscal year for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in this Act may be trans-ferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. Bal-ances so transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred. Any transfer pursuant to this provision shall be treated as a re-programming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obliga-tion except in compliance with the proce-dures set forth in that section. 
The spending plan required by this Act 
shall be provided by NASA at the theme, program, project and activity level. The spending plan, as well as any subsequent change of an amount established in that spending plan that meets the notification re-quirements of section 505 of this Act, shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compli-ance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
The unexpired balances of a previous ac-
count, for activities for which funds are pro-vided in this Act, may be transferred to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.067 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3714 June 2, 2015 
new account established in this Act that pro-
vides for such activities. Balances so trans-ferred shall be merged with the funds in the newly established account, but shall be available under the same terms, conditions and period of time as previously appro-priated. 
N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION  
RESEARCH AND RELATED ACTIVITIES  
For necessary expenses in carrying out the 
National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.), and Public Law 86–209 (42 U.S.C. 1880 et seq.); services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; maintenance and operation of aircraft and purchase of flight services for research sup-port; acquisition of aircraft; and authorized travel; $5,983,645,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which not to ex-ceed $520,000,000 shall remain available until expended for polar research and operations support, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for operational and science support and logistical and other related ac-tivities for the United States Antarctic pro-gram: Provided , That receipts for scientific 
support services and materials furnished by the National Research Centers and other Na-tional Science Foundation supported re-search facilities may be credited to this ap-propriation. 
MAJOR RESEARCH EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES  
CONSTRUCTION  
For necessary expenses for the acquisition, 
construction, commissioning, and upgrading of major research equipment, facilities, and other such capital assets pursuant to the Na-tional Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.), including authorized travel, $200,030,000, to remain available until expended. 
EDUCATION AND HUMAN RESOURCES  
For necessary expenses in carrying out 
science, mathematics and engineering edu-cation and human resources programs and activities pursuant to the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.), including services as authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, au-thorized travel, and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, $866,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017. 
AGENCY OPERATIONS AND AWARD MANAGEMENT  
For agency operations and award manage-
ment necessary in carrying out the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.); services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; uniforms or allow-ances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; rental of conference rooms in the District of Co-lumbia; and reimbursement of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for security guard services; $325,000,000: Provided , That 
not to exceed $8,280 is for official reception and representation expenses: Provided fur-
ther, That contracts may be entered into 
under this heading in fiscal year 2016 for maintenance and operation of facilities and for other services to be provided during the next fiscal year: Provided further , That of the 
amount provided for costs associated with the acquisition, occupancy, and related costs of new headquarters space, not more than $27,370,000 shall remain available until ex-pended. 
OFFICE OF THE NATIONAL SCIENCE BOARD  
For necessary expenses (including payment 
of salaries, authorized travel, hire of pas-senger motor vehicles, the rental of con-ference rooms in the District of Columbia, and the employment of experts and consult-ants under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code) involved in carrying out section 
4 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1863) and Public Law 86–209 (42 U.S.C. 1880 et seq.), $4,370,000: Provided , That 
not to exceed $2,500 shall be available for of-ficial reception and representation expenses. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
For necessary expenses of the Office of In-
spector General as authorized by the Inspec-tor General Act of 1978, $15,160,000, of which $400,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  
Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropria-
tion made available for the current fiscal year for the National Science Foundation in this Act may be transferred between such ap-propriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. Any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Science Ap-
propriations Act, 2016’’. 
TITLE IV 
RELATED AGENCIES 
C
OMMISSION ON CIVILRIGHTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Commission 
on Civil Rights, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, $9,200,000: Provided , That 
none of the funds appropriated in this para-graph shall be used to employ in excess of four full-time individuals under Schedule C of the Excepted Service exclusive of one spe-cial assistant for each Commissioner: Pro-
vided further , That none of the funds appro-
priated in this paragraph shall be used to re-imburse Commissioners for more than 75 billable days, with the exception of the chairperson, who is permitted 125 billable days: Provided further , That none of the funds 
appropriated in this paragraph shall be used for any activity or expense that is not ex-plicitly authorized by section 3 of the Civil Rights Commission Act of 1983 (42 U.S.C. 1975a). 
E
QUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY  
COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Equal Em-
ployment Opportunity Commission as au-thorized by title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employ-ment Act of 1967, the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, section 501 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Genetic In-formation Non-Discrimination Act (GINA) of 2008 (Public Law 110–233), the ADA Amend-ments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–325), and the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–2), including services as au-thorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehi-cles as authorized by section 1343(b) of title 31, United States Code; nonmonetary awards to private citizens; and up to $29,500,000 for payments to State and local enforcement agencies for authorized services to the Com-mission, $364,500,000: Provided , That the Com-
mission is authorized to make available for official reception and representation ex-penses not to exceed $2,250 from available funds: Provided further , That the Chair is au-
thorized to accept and use any gift or dona-tion to carry out the work of the Commis-sion. 
I
NTERNATIONAL TRADE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Inter-
national Trade Commission, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as 
authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and not to exceed $2,250 for offi-cial reception and representation expenses, $84,500,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
L
EGAL SERVICES CORPORATION  
PAYMENT TO THE LEGAL SERVICES  
CORPORATION  
For payment to the Legal Services Cor-
poration to carry out the purposes of the Legal Services Corporation Act of 1974, $300,000,000, of which $266,900,000 is for basic field programs and required independent au-dits; $5,100,000 is for the Office of Inspector General, of which such amounts as may be necessary may be used to conduct additional audits of recipients; $19,000,000 is for manage-ment and grants oversight; $4,000,000 is for client self-help and information technology; $4,000,000 is for a Pro Bono Innovation Fund; and $1,000,000 is for loan repayment assist-ance: Provided , That the Legal Services Cor-
poration may continue to provide locality pay to officers and employees at a rate no greater than that provided by the Federal Government to Washington, DC-based em-ployees as authorized by section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, notwithstanding sec-tion 1005(d) of the Legal Services Corpora-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 2996(d)): Provided further , 
That the authorities provided in section 205 of this Act shall be applicable to the Legal Services Corporation: Provided further , That, 
for the purposes of section 505 of this Act, the Legal Services Corporation shall be con-sidered an agency of the United States Gov-ernment. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION —LEGAL SERVICES  
CORPORATION  
None of the funds appropriated in this Act 
to the Legal Services Corporation shall be expended for any purpose prohibited or lim-ited by, or contrary to any of the provisions of, sections 501, 502, 503, 504, 505, and 506 of Public Law 105–119, and all funds appro-priated in this Act to the Legal Services Cor-poration shall be subject to the same terms and conditions set forth in such sections, ex-cept that all references in sections 502 and 503 to 1997 and 1998 shall be deemed to refer instead to 2015 and 2016, respectively. 
M
ARINE MAMMAL COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Marine 
Mammal Commission as authorized by title II of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1361 et seq.), $3,340,000. 
O
FFICE OF THE UNITED STATES TRADE  
REPRESENTATIVE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Office of the 
United States Trade Representative, includ-ing the hire of passenger motor vehicles and the employment of experts and consultants as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $54,250,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended: Provided , That not to exceed $124,000 
shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
S
TATE JUSTICE INSTITUTE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the State Jus-
tice Institute, as authorized by the State Justice Institute Authorization Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10701 et seq.) $5,121,000, of which $500,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017: Provided , That not to exceed 
$2,250 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided fur-
ther, That, for the purposes of section 505 of 
this Act, the State Justice Institute shall be considered an agency of the United States Government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.067 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3715 June 2, 2015 
TITLE V 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS)  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 501. No part of any appropriation con-
tained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. 
S
EC. 502. No part of any appropriation con-
tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. 
S
EC. 503. The expenditure of any appropria-
tion under this Act for any consulting serv-ice through procurement contract, pursuant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under exist-ing law, or under existing Executive order issued pursuant to existing law. 
S
EC. 504. If any provision of this Act or the 
application of such provision to any person or circumstances shall be held invalid, the remainder of the Act and the application of each provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held in-valid shall not be affected thereby. 
S
EC. 505. None of the funds provided under 
this Act, or provided under previous appro-priations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2016, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or ex-penditure through a reprogramming of funds that: (1) creates or initiates a new program, project or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project or activity; (3) increases funds or per-sonnel by any means for any project or ac-tivity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employ-ees; (5) reorganizes or renames offices, pro-grams or activities; (6) contracts out or privatizes any functions or activities pres-ently performed by Federal employees; (7) augments existing programs, projects or ac-tivities in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, or reduces by 10 percent funding for any program, project or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent; or (8) results from any general savings, including savings from a reduction in personnel, which would result in a change in existing pro-grams, projects or activities as approved by Congress; unless the House and Senate Com-mittees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds by agencies (excluding agencies of the Department of Justice) funded by this Act and 45 days in advance of such reprogram-ming of funds by agencies of the Department of Justice funded by this Act. 
S
EC. 506. (a) If it has been finally deter-
mined by a court or Federal agency that any person intentionally affixed a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription, or any in-
scription with the same meaning, to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in the United States, the person shall be ineligible to receive any contract or subcontract made with funds made available in this Act, pursuant to the debarment, suspension, and ineligibility pro-cedures described in sections 9.400 through 9.409 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(b)(1) To the extent practicable, with re-
spect to authorized purchases of promotional items, funds made available by this Act shall be used to purchase items that are manufac-tured, produced, or assembled in the United States, its territories or possessions. 
(2) The term ‘‘promotional items’’ has the 
meaning given the term in OMB Circular A– 87, Attachment B, Item (1)(f)(3). S
EC. 507. (a) The Departments of Commerce 
and Justice, the National Science Founda-tion, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a quar-terly report on the status of balances of ap-propriations at the account level. For unob-ligated, uncommitted balances and unobli-gated, committed balances the quarterly re-ports shall separately identify the amounts attributable to each source year of appro-priation from which the balances were de-rived. For balances that are obligated, but unexpended, the quarterly reports shall sepa-rately identify amounts by the year of obli-gation. 
(b) The report described in subsection (a) 
shall be submitted within 30 days of the end of each quarter. 
(c) If a department or agency is unable to 
fulfill any aspect of a reporting requirement described in subsection (a) due to a limita-tion of a current accounting system, the de-partment or agency shall fulfill such aspect to the maximum extent practicable under such accounting system and shall identify and describe in each quarterly report the ex-tent to which such aspect is not fulfilled. 
S
EC. 508. Any costs incurred by a depart-
ment or agency funded under this Act result-ing from, or to prevent, personnel actions taken in response to funding reductions in-cluded in this Act shall be absorbed within the total budgetary resources available to such department or agency: Provided , That 
the authority to transfer funds between ap-propriations accounts as may be necessary to carry out this section is provided in addi-tion to authorities included elsewhere in this Act: Provided further , That use of funds to 
carry out this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obliga-tion or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further , That for the Department of 
Commerce, this section shall also apply to actions taken for the care and protection of loan collateral or grant property. 
S
EC. 509. None of the funds provided by this 
Act shall be available to promote the sale or export of tobacco or tobacco products, or to seek the reduction or removal by any foreign country of restrictions on the marketing of tobacco or tobacco products, except for re-strictions which are not applied equally to all tobacco or tobacco products of the same type. 
S
EC. 510. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel of the Department of Justice to obligate more than $2,705,164,000 during fiscal year 2016 from the fund estab-lished by section 1402 of Public Law 98–473 (42 U.S.C. 10601). 
S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available 
to the Department of Justice in this Act may be used to discriminate against or deni-grate the religious or moral beliefs of stu-dents who participate in programs for which financial assistance is provided from those funds, or of the parents or legal guardians of such students. 
S
EC. 512. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tions Act. 
S
EC. 513. Any funds provided in this Act 
used to implement E-Government Initiatives shall be subject to the procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act. 
S
EC. 514. (a) The Inspectors General of the 
Department of Commerce, the Department of Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Science 
Foundation, and the Legal Services Corpora-tion shall conduct audits, pursuant to the In-spector General Act (5 U.S.C. App.), of grants or contracts for which funds are appro-priated by this Act, and shall submit reports to Congress on the progress of such audits, which may include preliminary findings and a description of areas of particular interest, within 180 days after initiating such an audit and every 180 days thereafter until any such audit is completed. 
(b) Within 60 days after the date on which 
an audit described in subsection (a) by an In-spector General is completed, the Secretary, Attorney General, Administrator, Director, or President, as appropriate, shall make the results of the audit available to the public on the Internet website maintained by the De-partment, Administration, Foundation, or Corporation, respectively. The results shall be made available in redacted form to ex-clude— 
(1) any matter described in section 552(b) of 
title 5, United States Code; and 
(2) sensitive personal information for any 
individual, the public access to which could be used to commit identity theft or for other inappropriate or unlawful purposes. 
(c) Any person awarded a grant or contract 
funded by amounts appropriated by this Act shall submit a statement to the Secretary of Commerce, the Attorney General, the Ad-ministrator, Director, or President, as appro-priate, certifying that no funds derived from the grant or contract will be made available through a subcontract or in any other man-
ner to another person who has a financial in-terest in the person awarded the grant or contract. 
(d) The provisions of the preceding sub-
sections of this section shall take effect 30 days after the date on which the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Government Ethics, determines that a uniform set of rules and requirements, sub-stantially similar to the requirements in such subsections, consistently apply under the executive branch ethics program to all Federal departments, agencies, and entities. 
S
EC. 515. (a) None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available under this Act may be used by the Departments of Com-merce and Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or the National Science Foundation to acquire or renew a high-impact or moderate-impact information system, as defined for security categoriza-tion in the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s (NIST) Federal Informa-tion Processing Standard Publication 199, ‘‘Standards for Security Categorization of Federal Information and Information Sys-tems’’ unless the agency has— 
(1) reviewed the supply chain risk for the 
information systems against criteria devel-oped by NIST and the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation (FBI) to inform acquisition deci-sions for high-impact and moderate-impact information systems within the Federal Gov-ernment; 
(2) reviewed the supply chain risk from the 
presumptive awardee against available and relevant threat information provided by the FBI and other appropriate agencies; and 
(3) in consultation with the FBI or other 
appropriate Federal entity, conducted an as-sessment of any risk of cyber-espionage or sabotage associated with the acquisition of such system, including any risk associated with such system being produced, manufac-tured, or assembled by one or more entities identified by the United States Government as posing a cyber threat, including but not limited to, those that may be owned, di-rected, or subsidized by the People’s Repub-lic of China. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.067 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3716 June 2, 2015 
(b) None of the funds appropriated or oth-
erwise made available under this Act may be used to acquire a high-impact or moderate- impact information system reviewed and as-sessed under subsection (a) unless the head of the assessing entity described in sub-section (a) has— 
(1) developed, in consultation with NIST, 
the FBI and supply chain risk management experts, a mitigation strategy for any identi-fied risks; 
(2) determined, in consultation with NIST 
and the FBI, that the acquisition of such sys-tem is in the national interest of the United States; and 
(3) reported that determination to the 
Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the agency Inspector General. 
S
EC. 516. None of the funds made available 
in this Act shall be used in any way whatso-ever to support or justify the use of torture by any official or contract employee of the United States Government. 
S
EC. 517. (a) Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law or treaty, in fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able under this Act or any other Act may be expended or obligated by a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States to pay administrative expenses or to compensate an officer or employee of the United States in connection with requiring an export license for the export to Canada of 
components, parts, accessories or attach-ments for firearms listed in Category I, sec-tion 121.1 of title 22, Code of Federal Regula-tions (International Trafficking in Arms Regulations (ITAR), part 121, as it existed on April 1, 2005) with a total value not exceed-ing $500 wholesale in any transaction, pro-vided that the conditions of subsection (b) of this section are met by the exporting party for such articles. 
(b) The foregoing exemption from obtain-
ing an export license— 
(1) does not exempt an exporter from filing 
any Shipper’s Export Declaration or notifi-cation letter required by law, or from being otherwise eligible under the laws of the United States to possess, ship, transport, or export the articles enumerated in subsection (a); and 
(2) does not permit the export without a li-
cense of— 
(A) fully automatic firearms and compo-
nents and parts for such firearms, other than for end use by the Federal Government, or a Provincial or Municipal Government of Can-ada; 
(B) barrels, cylinders, receivers (frames) or 
complete breech mechanisms for any firearm listed in Category I, other than for end use by the Federal Government, or a Provincial or Municipal Government of Canada; or 
(C) articles for export from Canada to an-
other foreign destination. 
(c) In accordance with this section, the 
District Directors of Customs and post-masters shall permit the permanent or tem-porary export without a license of any un-classified articles specified in subsection (a) to Canada for end use in Canada or return to the United States, or temporary import of Canadian-origin items from Canada for end use in the United States or return to Canada for a Canadian citizen. 
(d) The President may require export li-
censes under this section on a temporary basis if the President determines, upon pub-lication first in the Federal Register, that the Government of Canada has implemented or maintained inadequate import controls for the articles specified in subsection (a), such that a significant diversion of such arti-cles has and continues to take place for use in international terrorism or in the esca-lation of a conflict in another nation. The 
President shall terminate the requirements of a license when reasons for the temporary requirements have ceased. 
S
EC. 518. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, in fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter, no department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States receiv-ing appropriated funds under this Act or any other Act shall obligate or expend in any way such funds to pay administrative ex-penses or the compensation of any officer or employee of the United States to deny any application submitted pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 
2778(b)(1)(B) and qualified pursuant to 27 CFR section 478.112 or .113, for a permit to import United States origin ‘‘curios or relics’’ fire-arms, parts, or ammunition. 
S
EC. 519. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to include in any new bilateral or multilateral trade agree-ment the text of— 
(1) paragraph 2 of article 16.7 of the United 
States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement; 
(2) paragraph 4 of article 17.9 of the United 
States-Australia Free Trade Agreement; or 
(3) paragraph 4 of article 15.9 of the United 
States-Morocco Free Trade Agreement. 
S
EC. 520. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to authorize or issue a national security letter in contravention of any of the following laws authorizing the Federal Bureau of Investigation to issue na-tional security letters: The Right to Finan-cial Privacy Act; The Electronic Commu-nications Privacy Act; The Fair Credit Re-porting Act; The National Security Act of 1947; USA PATRIOT Act; and the laws amended by these Acts. 
S
EC. 521. If at any time during any quarter, 
the program manager of a project within the jurisdiction of the Departments of Com-merce or Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or the National Science Foundation totaling more than $75,000,000 has reasonable cause to believe that the total program cost has increased by 10 percent or more, the program manager shall immediately inform the respective Sec-retary, Administrator, or Director. The Sec-retary, Administrator, or Director shall no-tify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations within 30 days in writing of such increase, and shall include in such no-tice: the date on which such determination was made; a statement of the reasons for such increases; the action taken and pro-posed to be taken to control future cost growth of the project; changes made in the performance or schedule milestones and the degree to which such changes have contrib-uted to the increase in total program costs or procurement costs; new estimates of the total project or procurement costs; and a statement validating that the project’s man-agement structure is adequate to control total project or procurement costs. 
S
EC. 522. Funds appropriated by this Act, 
or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence or intelligence re-lated activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2016 until the enactment of the Intelligence Au-thorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
S
EC. 523. None of the funds appropriated or 
otherwise made available by this Act may be used to enter into a contract in an amount greater than $5,000,000 or to award a grant in excess of such amount unless the prospective contractor or grantee certifies in writing to the agency awarding the contract or grant that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, the contractor or grantee has filed all Fed-eral tax returns required during the three years preceding the certification, has not been convicted of a criminal offense under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and has 
not, more than 90 days prior to certification, been notified of any unpaid Federal tax as-sessment for which the liability remains unsatisfied, unless the assessment is the sub-ject of an installment agreement or offer in compromise that has been approved by the Internal Revenue Service and is not in de-fault, or the assessment is the subject of a non-frivolous administrative or judicial pro-ceeding. 
(RESCISSIONS)  
SEC. 524. (a) Of the unobligated balances 
from prior year appropriations available to the Department of Commerce’s National Technical Information Service, $10,000,000 are rescinded. 
(b) Of the unobligated balances available 
to the Department of Justice, the following funds are hereby rescinded, not later than September 30, 2016, from the following ac-counts in the specified amounts— 
(1) ‘‘Working Capital Fund’’, $100,000,000; (2) ‘‘United States Marshals Service, Fed-
eral Prisoner Detention’’, $69,500,000; 
(3) ‘‘Federal Bureau of Investigation, Sala-
ries and Expenses’’, $120,000,000 from fines collected to defray expenses for the automa-tion of fingerprint identification and crimi-nal justice information services and associ-ated costs; 
(4) ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Ac-
tivities, Office on Violence Against Women, Violence Against Women Prevention and Prosecution Programs’’, $15,000,000; 
(5) ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Ac-
tivities, Office of Justice Programs’’, $40,000,000; and 
(6) ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Ac-
tivities, Community Oriented Policing Serv-ices’’, $20,000,000. 
(c) The Department of Justice shall submit 
to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report no later than September 1, 2016, speci-fying the amount of each rescission made pursuant to subsection (b). 
S
EC. 525. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to purchase first class or premium airline travel in contraven-tion of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41 of the Code of Federal Regulations. 
S
EC. 526. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to send or otherwise pay for the attendance of more than 50 em-ployees from a Federal department or agen-cy at any single conference occurring outside the United States unless such conference is a law enforcement training or operational con-ference for law enforcement personnel and the majority of Federal employees in attend-ance are law enforcement personnel sta-tioned outside the United States. 
S
EC. 527. None of the funds appropriated or 
otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or with-in the United States, its territories, or pos-sessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— 
(1) is not a United States citizen or a mem-
ber of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, 
at the United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of De-fense. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike section 527. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.067 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3717 June 2, 2015 
from New York and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
two amendments. The first strikes sec-tion 527; the second strikes section 528. I had to put them in as two separate amendments because only one amend-ment pends at a time, but they are really together. 
Sections 527 and 528, which my 
amendment would strike, restricts the President’s authority to move Guanta-namo Bay detainees to the United States for trial. 
Mr. Chairman, simply put, it is time 
to punish Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks. In GTMO, he has not been tried, con-victed, or punished. Meanwhile, Fed-eral courts have tried, convicted, and punished more than 400 terrorists. None of them have ever escaped from a U.S. prison. No prison where they are located has ever been subjected to an attack. 
The only thing my friends who are 
opposed to closing Guantanamo have on their side is fear. Fear, Mr. Chair-man. As they argue against this amendment, they will try to tell us that these men are dangerous and scary, that these men can harm us, that these men are the worst of the worst—and some may be—but these men are already in our custody. 
Like so many murderers and terror-
ists already in prison, they have no power over us. They have been shut off from the outside world for more than a 
decade. 
If there are terrible people in Guan-
tanamo—and I am not denying that there are—then it is time for them to face the consequences of their actions in a U.S. court. And that is the rub. The terrorists that have been pros-ecuted and sentenced had their day in court and were found guilty. 
U.S. Federal courts have successfully 
tried and convicted criminals and ter-rorists during times of war and peace for hundreds of years, all while respect-ing the rights of due process that our Constitution demands. 
This leads me to believe that some of 
my colleagues do not believe in the American system of justice. They do not trust our American courts to do justice. I do not understand why. 
Through the centuries, our legal sys-
tem has kept America safe by putting away dangerous individuals while pro-tecting those who were innocent of the government’s charges against them. That is the beauty of our system that has made it the envy of the world. 
The principles underpinning the sys-
tem, the right to due process and to a fair trial, are built into our Constitu-tion and are part of our most basic val-ues. But in order for the system to work, you actually need to get your day in court. 
Without our amendment, this bill 
guarantees that we will continue hold-ing people indefinitely at Guantanamo Bay. Even though we suspect that we are 
holding people who are terrorists, some of whom probably are, in fact, terror-ists, none of this has been proven in a court of law. Without this amendment, we will continue to hold them indefi-nitely without charge, contrary to every tradition this country stands for, contrary to any notion of due process. 
The founding principles of the United 
States, that no person may be deprived of liberty without due process of law and certainly may not be deprived of liberty indefinitely without due proc-ess of law, demands that we close the detention facility at Guantanamo. 
We must close this facility, try these 
people, condemn the guilty, place them in supermax facilities, release the in-nocent, if there are any; and restore our national honor. I urge the support of this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to make sure everyone in the House understands that what the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) is 
attempting to do is to give constitu-tional rights to foreign nationals cap-tured on battlefields overseas who are being held in Guantanamo Bay. Never before in American history have we ever given foreign nationals—enemy combatants captured overseas on a bat-tlefield—constitutional rights, the most precious rights we have, that were fought for, bled for, died for by our forefathers on so many battlefields all over the world to preserve these precious rights reserved for the people of the United States of America. Mr. N
ADLER wants to extend the protec-
tions of this Constitution to the killers and the psychopaths who have killed so many Americans overseas. 
I could not disagree more strenu-
ously. I know the House disagrees strenuously. We have voted on this re-peatedly. And the House and the Con-gress have repeatedly affirmed this language, which says very clearly, ‘‘none of the funds appropriated’’—this is the language Mr. N
ADLER seeks to 
strike: 
‘‘None of the funds appropriated . . . 
in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the trans-fer or release to or within the United States . . . Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces . . . and is or was held on or after June 24, 2009 . . . at Guantanamo Bay.’’ 
During World War II, a group of Nazi 
saboteurs who landed on beaches in Long Island and in Florida were cap-tured fairly rapidly by local police offi-cers and local militia and were handed over to the U.S. military. Franklin Roosevelt did the right thing, and they immediately held these Nazis as mili-tary detainees. They were accorded a trial under the Code of Military Justice 
and executed, as they should have been, I think within about 60 days. 
This is not really an issue with the 
American people, who I hope, Mr. Chairman, are out watching tonight because there could not be a more dra-matic contrast between the majority in the House that is representing the will of the Nation in seeing that our laws 
are enforced and the enemies of the United States are hunted down wher-ever they may hide. 
I had a constituent tell me Hamas 
stands for ‘‘hiding among mosques and schools.’’ Wherever these people may hide—they hide behind women and children. They will not face our sol-diers on the battlefield. When we have met them on the battlefield, we have defeated them decisively. 
Where the men and women of the 
United States military find these peo-ple and hunt them down and kill them or capture them—if we have captured them and they have information that could save American lives, we bring them to Guantanamo Bay, and we have saved countless lives by holding them there. 
We, in this appropriations bill, make 
clear that we will not give these kill-ers, these cowards, these terrorists, these foreign fighters on foreign battle-fields the precious rights reserved for the people of the United States by this Constitution. And it is that simple. 
If you want to give terrorists, foreign 
fighters on foreign battlefields con-stitutional rights, you should vote with the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
Vote against Mr. N ADLER ’s amend-
ment if you believe that the rights guaranteed by this Constitution are re-served for the people of the United States and that if you are an enemy combatant, a foreign national fighting the United States, you are going to be dealt with severely and accorded the Code of Military Justice, as it should be. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. How much time do I 
have remaining, Mr. Chairman? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New York has 90 seconds remain-ing. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
First of all, almost everything the 
gentleman just said is not apropos and is wrong. 
The Supreme Court of the United 
States has ruled that the people at Guantanamo have exactly the same constitutional rights—no more and no less—than they would have if brought to the United States. So it has nothing to do with giving constitutional rights to foreign nationals. 
Second of all, some of these people 
were, indeed, captured on foreign bat-tlefields; some were not. 
Third of all, maybe they should be 
tried by military tribunals. But they have been held for 11, 12, 14, 15 years. We can’t manage to try them by for-eign tribunals. Put them in a Federal court. Try them. Convict them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.161 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3718 June 2, 2015 
b2045 
Put them in a Federal court, try 
them, and convict them. If you want to put them in a military tribunal, you can do that, fine. We haven’t managed to. But the fact is, by staying in Guan-tanamo, they don’t have any less, fewer, or more constitutional rights than are here. Anyone within the juris-diction of the United States, according to the Supreme Court, has constitu-tional rights. We must treat them with due process. All this amendment says is treat them the way the Supreme Court has said we should: try them, condemn them, or find them innocent, as the case may be. Some may be inno-cent. Many of them are not. Some may be. We should follow our traditions. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge the adoption of 
this amendment so that we can apply American concepts of justice as the Su-preme Court has said we must. 
We can try them by military tribunal 
in Guantanamo or in the United States. We can try them in Federal Court. Military tribunals haven’t worked. We haven’t been able to make them work. Federal courts have worked. We should condemn the guilty and release the innocent, if there are any. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I move 
to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes 
Mr. FATTAH. It was not long after 9/ 
11 that we held a conversation here in Washington, and the former Speaker was on a panel over in Rayburn, I think. We were discussing this, and he said, well, this is the situation that we find ourselves in after these attacks. And I asked Speaker Gingrich at the time, former Speaker, this notion of us being a nation of laws, what did that mean now. Because under former Presi-dent Bush, the original President Bush, he had complained about the Chinese holding people without trial. We had issued a formal complaint that the Chi-nese were holding people without trial, using secret evidence and so forth and so on, and what did this mean now in the context of our own country’s con-duct. Speaker Gingrich said that, well, he wasn’t really sure because we are at a difficult moment. 
So now we are here. We have had two 
Presidents who tried to close Guanta-namo. President Bush who opened it, and his second administration wanted to end it, and then we had two Presi-dential elections in which the country voted for Barack Obama, who said he wanted to close this facility. We have a congressional majority that is not going to do it, that is going to put every impediment in the way of doing it. 
We have our national security enter-
prise that says that this is used as a re-cruitment tool against our interests, that this is working against the secu-rity of the United States. And, more important than perhaps even that is, I 
am sure, gnaws at our ideals as Ameri-cans that you would take someone, hold them, never try them, never produce any evidence in a tribunal of any type, military or civilian, and say that you are going to do it in per-petuity, that this is not the great Na-tion that our ideal speaks to. This is the act of something less than what we should be doing as a great country. 
Mr. Chairman, I know that it is not 
popular and Mr. N
ADLER ’s amendment 
is not going to probably enjoy majority support, but at the end of the day, we can’t just ask what is popular or what is politic. At some point, we have to ask ourselves what is the right thing. If we can complain about China holding people without charge, with secret evi-dence and no trial and no access to lawyers, then we have to think about looking in the mirror and think about what we have allowed other people’s actions to turn our country into in this circumstance. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of 
the Nadler amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Let me, if I could, Mr. Chairman, 
point out that President Obama has al-ready said he wants to close Guanta-namo Bay and bring these people into the United States. The 19th terrorist was captured in the United States, and therefore he was entitled to constitu-tional protection because he was in the United States. 
But the only thing standing between 
Barack Obama giving these terrorists and killers constitutional rights is this language in this appropriations bill which says none of the money in the United States can be used to transfer these killers into the United States. As soon as they touch our soil, they will be given constitutional rights. And that is exactly what Mr. N
ADLER wants 
to do with his amendment is give these precious constitutional rights to these killers and these cowards that have been captured on foreign battlefields, these foreign nationals who have never been afforded the protection of the United States Constitution, which is reserved for the people of the United States. 
They deserve what they have got. 
They are lucky to be alive. They are lucky to be in Guantanamo Bay. And I urge Members to vote against this amendment to ensure that these people are given what they deserve, and that is, whether it be life in prison or what-ever lies ahead of them, that they will never again threaten the people of the United States. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to 
vote ‘‘no,’’ against Mr. N
ADLER ’s 
amendment, to ensure that constitu-tional protections are only afforded to the people of the United States or those persons who are actually within our boundaries when they are captured or they commit a crime. I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. 528. (a) None of the funds appropriated 
or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. 
(b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall 
not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(c) An individual described in this sub-
section is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and who— 
(1) is not a citizen of the United States or 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective 
control of the Department of Defense; or 
(B) otherwise under detention at United 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment to strike section 528. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike section 528. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, this is 
really a continuation of our colloquy from the last amendment since they both seek to do the same thing. Let me just say a couple of things. 
Again, the United States Supreme 
Court has ruled that people in Guanta-namo Bay have the same constitu-tional rights as people in Florida, New York, or Washington, so I do not seek to give people in Guantanamo Bay con-stitutional rights they do not already have. They have the constitutional rights. That was the Supreme Court de-cision, I think, in 2009 I think the deci-sion was. They have the constitutional rights. Anyone under the jurisdiction and effective control of the United States has the constitutional rights, so that is not really in question. 
What is really in question is: Are we 
going to honor our obligations? Now, the gentleman says that some of these people are terrible people, that they are murderers. Some of them may be, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.165 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3719 June 2, 2015 
and some of them are, but some of 
them may not be. They have not been tried. They ought to be tried. 
As the gentleman from Pennsylvania 
said, we have criticized the Chinese communists, and we have criticized many other nations for holding people in jail indefinitely, for not trying them and for not giving them any kind of due process. These people, like any other human beings, deserve some due process. 
Some of them, I am sure, have been 
terrorists. They ought to be condemned and put in jail forever. Some of them may not be. And some of them were captured on foreign battlefields and some were not. Some of them were sim-ply victims of the Hatfields and the McCoys’ feud between two tribes or clans in Afghanistan or wherever, and one clan said: Gee, the Americans are paying a $5,000 bounty, so why don’t we tip them off to our enemy and tell them that they are a terrorist. Some of them were victims of that. 
The facts ought to come out. Some 
due process ought to be given. No one ought to be held in jail for life without a trial, without a hearing, and without some due process. That is what we stand for. And simply saying that Americans deserve due process but other people do not, A, it is wrong. Other people do not have constitu-tional rights, but if they are in the United States, they do. If they are in Guantanamo, they have constitutional rights. The Supreme Court has already said that. 
So the question here is: Are we going 
to bring them to a facility in the United States, a supermax facility? No one has escaped from them. It is cheap-er. It saves the taxpayers a lot of money. Give them a military tribunal or a Federal trial and do what is right. That is what is at stake here. 
I will say one other thing. Our mili-
tary has told us time and time again that the stain of Guantanamo, besides being a stain on our honor, is one of the greatest recruiting tools the ter-rorists have. They point to Guanta-namo. They say: Look at those Amer-ican hypocrites. They are persecuting Muslims. They are persecuting non- Americans. 
Well, they have a point. And other 
people think they have a point, and they get angry. They get radicalized, and they become terrorists against us. 
So why not, for the 120-odd people 
who are still at Guantanamo, the ma-jority of whom have been judged not to pose a threat to this country by our own military authorities, do the right thing? Give them a trial. Throw them in jail for whatever lengthy period of time is indicated if they are guilty. And if they are not, then they ought to be released if they are not guilty of a crime, if they haven’t been terrorists. We have to have some evidence. We can’t simply point to someone and say, ‘‘He is guilty of a crime. He is a ter-rorist,’’ without some evidence to that fact. That is our tradition. Mr. Chair-man, that is what this amendment 
calls for. 
I urge the adoption of the amend-
ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, let 
me point out to all the Members of the House and those listening here this evening that the section Mr. N
ADLER  
attempts to strike is the only thing standing between President Barack Obama and his attempt to close Guan-tanamo Bay and transfer all these kill-ers, these cowards, and these foreign nationals captured on the foreign bat-tlefields either attempting to or having already killed American soldiers. This language that Mr. N
ADLER is attempt-
ing to strike prohibits, says: 
None of the funds appropriated by 
this or any other act may be used to construct or acquire or modify any fa-cility in the United States to house any individual transferred into the United States from Guantanamo Bay. 
So, Mr. Chairman, we have got two 
provisions in this bill: no money to transfer anybody from Guantanamo into the United States—and that amendment, which will be a record vote, will be decisively defeated by the House in a minute—and then this amendment which Mr. N
ADLER is offer-
ing. We have put language in this bill for the last several years to make sure that President Obama cannot use Fed-eral hard-earned taxpayer dollars to build a prison facility or modify it to house anybody transferred from Guan-tanamo. 
Now, this is very clear-cut. This is 
very simple. Obviously anybody held, if you are in a military tribunal, you get due process. That is not the issue. What Mr. N
ADLER is attempting to do 
with this amendment, again, is to give constitutional rights to foreign nation-als captured on foreign battlefields en-gaged, and we are still at war with these people. We are still at war. And Mr. N
ADLER is attempting to extend 
constitutional protections fought for and died for by our ancestors to enemy combatants captured on foreign battle-fields—never been done, absolutely un-precedented, and, frankly, unbeliev-able. I cannot even imagine the cost, the sacrifice, the burden on American taxpayers, the threat to American safe-ty, for what? 
So these foreign nationals, these psy-
chopathic killers in ISIL are going to respect us and like us because we give them a trial and gave them constitu-tional protection? Yeah, that is going to happen. 
Mr. Chairman, we are at war with a 
medieval mindset that is determined to destroy our way of life and our liberty. They are hostile to everything that our Founding Fathers fought for. These people would destroy this Constitution that we have had for over 200 years, worked so hard to preserve and protect. I cannot think of anything more de-
structive or damaging to the morale of our troops, to the morale of our Na-tion, and to all of those families who lost loved ones in the war on terror than to bring in these killers and cow-ards in the United States and grant them the protections guaranteed to American citizens in the United States Constitution. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to op-
pose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Again, Mr. Chairman, even the Nazis 
who came ashore on Long Island that the gentleman referred to before were tried in the military tribunal. They weren’t simply thrown in jail and held forever. They were tried in a military tribunal, condemned, and then sen-tenced to death. 
All this amendment says is we should 
do the same thing, that people who are in the custody and the jurisdiction of the United States already have con-stitutional rights. We are not giving them constitutional rights. The Su-preme Court already said they have them. We are saying they should get a military tribunal or a civilian trial, whichever is chosen. This amendment doesn’t deal with that. And they should be condemned or not. 
One more thing. The gentleman 
keeps saying that these people were en-emies of the United States captured on the foreign battlefield. Some were and some were not. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. NADLER. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Thank you, Mr. 
N
ADLER , because the section we are 
dealing with is a prohibition against building a prison facility in the United States to house these people. So that is what the debate needs to be about. What you are attempting to strike is a prohibition against using our tax-payers’ hard-earned dollars to build a prison to house these killers. 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. NADLER. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, this is 
an appropriations bill. I just want ev-erybody to know it is $2 million per in-mate at Guantanamo. It is a premium facility, $2 million per inmate. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman from New York has expired. 
b2100 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, the 
question before the House is whether or not our taxpayers’ hard-earned dollars are going to be used to build a prison facility in the United States to house the terrorists and killers and cowards held in Guantanamo Bay. That is the question before us. 
Mr. NADLER. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.168 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3720 June 2, 2015 
Mr. NADLER. Does the gentleman 
not know what has been testified to re-peatedly, that it will be a lot cheaper for the taxpayers’ money to hold them in the United States than in Guanta-namo? 
Mr. CULBERSON. Well, that may be 
your opinion, sir, but we will not, and will not ever, afford constitutional rights or house foreign fighters cap-tured on a foreign battlefield who have been killing the men and women of the Armed Forces of the United States on a foreign battlefield, we are never going to house them in a prison in the United States. We are never going to give them constitutional rights. Those rights are reserved to the people of the United States and the people who com-mit crimes within the boundaries of the United States. 
The 19th terrorist, who didn’t quite 
make it that day, was captured in the United States, and he was given a trial, as he should be. The Constitution ex-tends protections to persons within the United States. These people, again, whom we are at war with have never been afforded constitutional protec-tions. And you are right, the Nazis cap-tured in Long Island and in Florida were given due process in a military tribunal, as these individuals have been given due process in military tribunals at Guantanamo Bay. That is the way it always has been and always should be. 
And certainly the Members of this 
House have voted repeatedly in the past, and I am confident they will vote again tonight to defeat this amend-ment to reaffirm that these precious rights in the United States Constitu-tion are reserved for the people of the United States and will never be ex-tended to enemy foreign fighters, par-ticularly these cowards who have been waging war against women and chil-dren and won’t come out and fight our men and women on the battlefield in open combat. 
This language in this bill is the only 
thing standing between President Barack Obama in his attempt to close Guantanamo Bay and move these peo-ple into prison facilities in the United States. So I urge Members to vote against Mr. N
ADLER ’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
The amendment was rejected. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
move to strike the last word and enter into a colloquy with the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN) and the gen-
tleman from Florida (Mr. P OSEY ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield initially to my friend, Mr. B ABIN, 
and then will yield to Mr. P OSEY . 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I am 
seeking an increase of funding for the Commercial Crew Program in our Science budget. 
For the past several years, the 
United States taxpayers have been pay-ing over $70 million a person to launch 
our astronauts to the International Space Station on Russian vehicles from Russian soil. We must end this reliance on the Russians as quickly as possible. We must set priorities within the NASA budget to make sure that the American astronauts are launched from American soil on American vehi-cles sooner rather than later. 
When it comes to spending within 
our NASA budget, it is important that we set a precedent of what we think is the most important thing to do. NASA is the only U.S. Government agency that has human spaceflight as its mis-sion. If NASA doesn’t do it, then it simply is not going to be done. 
This investment in Commercial 
Crew, which is managed out of Johnson Space Center in the 36th congressional District, would aid the development of U.S. human spaceflight capabilities and lay the foundation for future com-mercial transportation and end our de-pendence on the Russians. 
I look forward to working with you, 
Mr. Chairman, to ensure that we give this program the funding necessary to end our reliance on the Russians. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Thank you, Mr. 
B
ABIN. I want to assure you that as we 
work through this process in con-ference and the additional funding be-comes available—and I do expect that as we move forward, if we have addi-tional funding, we are going to make sure that any gaps or holes, whether it be in the Orion program or anywhere else, we are going to fill those holes and make sure that we are given as much support as we possibly can to Commercial Crew and to Orion. 
We funded the Orion program at the 
level the President requested. And if we get additional funds, we will do our very best to hit that mark also for the Commercial Crew Program. 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. I am very supportive 
of the Commercial Crew Program, and I think that there is a shortfall in that particular program. I think that is what the gentleman is referring to in his hope that we can address that shortfall so that we don’t have to spend what has now been about $500 million with our Russian counterparts in order to transport astronauts to the Inter-national Space Station. 
Mr. CULBERSON. We will work to-
gether. If we, as we say, find additional funds, we will do everything we can to help Orion. 
Mr. BABIN. Thank you for your con-
sideration, Mr. Chairman. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I will be happy 
also to yield to my good friend, Mr. P
OSEY , for a colloquy as well. 
Mr. POSEY. Thank you, Mr. Chair-
man. 
This bill adequately funds the Space 
Launch System, the rocket which will carry the Orion capsule into space, and I am grateful for that. It adequately funds exploration 
ground systems, which are essential to getting Orion off the ground, and I am really grateful for that. 
But without sufficiently funding the 
Orion capsule, we will be delaying the deep space exploration missions. Orion is a very unique and very special space-craft, unlike any we have ever sent into space, possessing capabilities to carry astronauts deeper into space than humans have ever gone before. The technological and engineering challenges are enormous, and it re-quires proper funding to get the job done. 
It is critical that Orion receives ade-
quate funding to remain on schedule. My rough calculations indicate this funding level, so much less than au-thorized, can result in the delay of hav-ing Orion online by as much as 2 years. Imagine having our space launch sys-tems ready to go, our exploration ground systems ready to go, and no space capsule ready to fly for 2 more years after that. That would be disas-trous. 
Unfortunately, when Congress as-
signs tasks to NASA and does not pro-vide adequate funding, American’s space program gets criticized and ma-ligned for being behind schedule, when it is actually Congress that caused the problem. 
I thank my colleagues for their work 
on this issue, and I am hopeful that we can work together to make certain Orion gets enough funding to stay on schedule to carry humans into space, deep space, by 2021. 
I thank Chairman C
ULBERSON for his 
work on this and his assurance that we can work together to secure adequate funding to keep Orion on schedule. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I want to assure 
the gentleman that we will do so. I want to make sure to make the R
ECORD  
clear that we funded Orion at the level requested by NASA. We fully funded in exactly the number they asked for. If additional funds become available, and it looks like it is really going to help them speed up the program, we will certainly make those funds available to them, because we want to get Amer-icans back into space as quickly as pos-
sible on an American built rocket. That is why you have seen us plus up the SLS heavy launch rocket program to accelerate that program, which will have so many uses. But, of course, you know I don’t know there is any strong-er advocate for NASA and America’s space program than I am and you gen-tlemen are. I look forward to working with you. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. I move to strike 
the last word with the gentleman from Texas. 
The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the gentleman cannot strike the last word. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Do I have the abil-
ity to strike the last word again to complete additional colloquy with the gentleman from Colorado? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.169 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3721 June 2, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. Only the gen-
tleman from Texas and the gentleman from Pennsylvania can move to strike the last word under the rule. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chair, I move 
to strike the last word and enter into a colloquy with the gentleman from Col-orado, my friend. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Colorado. 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. I thank the gen-
tleman from Texas, and I thank my friend from Florida for speaking up on behalf of Orion. 
Orion is America’s new spacecraft to 
take astronauts further into space than ever before and land our astro-nauts on Mars. 
Orion had its maiden test flight this 
past December, and it was a resounding success. The Orion program, as Mr. P
OSEY stated, needs a full funding for 
this, and we believe it to be $1.35 bil-lion for fiscal year ’16 to meet those needs. 
I appreciate the committee including 
language in the committee report re-quiring NASA to provide an assessment of these challenges, but Congress needs to provide the resources necessary in fiscal year ‘16 to mitigate the entire risk and move this project forward. 
So I thank the gentleman from Texas 
for his support of the Orion program. We need to make sure it has sufficient resources to get our men and women, our astronauts, to Mars as quickly as possible. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I look forward to 
working with you and my colleague from Texas and our colleagues from Florida in ensuring everyone in this House supports NASA and the manned space program. And I will work closely with you and my colleagues to ensure that any additional funding that Orion needs that they receive as we move through this process and go into con-ference. 
As you noted, the bill that we have 
before us tonight funds Orion at the level requested by NASA. We gave them exactly what they asked for. We also asked them to give us reports on making sure they can meet their dead-lines for testing the spacecraft and meeting their milestones. As they prove that to us and as we get further along and additional funds get avail-able and they show us they need that, of course, we will put them at the top of the list. 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. I thank the gen-
tleman. I look forward to staying on top of this so that as they move for-ward we have sufficient funding to really propel this project forward and get our astronauts to Mars. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I thank the gen-
tleman. America will never surrender the high ground—outer space is the high ground of the 21st century—and we are going to make sure to preserve America’s leadership in space explo-ration, both manned and unmanned. 
I yield back the balance of my time. VACATING DEMAND FOR RECORDED VOTE ON  
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . COHEN  
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I am 
doing something I would rather not do. But the gentleman from Texas was so nice on my rape kit amendment, and we did save Texas and have Davy Crockett, a predecessor of mine, in Congress. 
I ask unanimous consent that my re-
quest for a recorded vote on the amend-ment I offered that the chair was against, that it be withdrawn, to the end that the amendment stand dis-posed of by the voice vote thereon. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
designate the amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the request for a recorded vote is withdrawn. Accordingly, the noes have it and the amendment is not adopted. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. 529. To the extent practicable, funds 
made available in this Act should be used to purchase light bulbs that are ‘‘Energy Star’’ qualified or have the ‘‘Federal Energy Man-agement Program’’ designation. 
S
EC. 530. The Director of the Office of Man-
agement and Budget shall instruct any de-partment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States receiving funds appropriated under this Act to track undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts and include in its annual performance plan and performance and accountability reports the following: 
(1) Details on future action the depart-
ment, agency, or instrumentality will take to resolve undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts. 
(2) The method that the department, agen-
cy, or instrumentality uses to track undisbursed balances in expired grant ac-counts. 
(3) Identification of undisbursed balances 
in expired grant accounts that may be re-turned to the Treasury of the United States. 
(4) In the preceding 3 fiscal years, details 
on the total number of expired grant ac-counts with undisbursed balances (on the first day of each fiscal year) for the depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality and the total finances that have not been obligated to a specific project remaining in the ac-counts. 
S
EC. 531. (a) None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used for the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion (NASA) or the Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) to develop, de-sign, plan, promulgate, implement, or exe-cute a bilateral policy, program, order, or contract of any kind to participate, collabo-rate, or coordinate bilaterally in any way with China or any Chinese-owned company unless such activities are specifically au-thorized by a law enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(b) None of the funds made available by 
this Act may be used to effectuate the hosting of official Chinese visitors at facili-ties belonging to or utilized by NASA. 
(c) The limitations described in sub-
sections (a) and (b) shall not apply to activi-ties which NASA or OSTP has certified— 
(1) pose no risk of resulting in the transfer 
of technology, data, or other information with national security or economic security implications to China or a Chinese-owned company; and (2) will not involve knowing interactions 
with officials who have been determined by the United States to have direct involvement with violations of human rights. 
(d) Any certification made under sub-
section (c) shall be submitted to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, no later than 30 days prior to the activity in question and shall include a description of the purpose of the activity, its agenda, its major partici-pants, and its location and timing. 
S
EC. 532. None of the funds made available 
by this or any other Act, for fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter, may be used to pay the salaries or expenses of personnel to deny, or fail to act on, an application for the importation of any model of shotgun if— 
(1) all other requirements of law with re-
spect to the proposed importation are met; and 
(2) no application for the importation of 
such model of shotgun, in the same configu-ration, had been denied by the Attorney Gen-eral prior to January 1, 2011, on the basis that the shotgun was not particularly suit-able for or readily adaptable to sporting pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . ESTY  
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 94, beginning on line 16, strike sec-
tion 532. 
Page 96, beginning on line 12, strike sec-
tion 537. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve a point of order against the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentlewoman from Connecticut and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Connecticut. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Chairman, my amend-
ment strikes section 532 and 537, two harmful gun riders in this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, appropriations bills 
are not the proper place to address sig-nificant policy provisions. Instead, such changes to gun policy must be se-riously and properly considered by Congress through the regular order. The American people deserve an open and transparent process where a full range of options can be frankly dis-cussed and debated by the proper con-gressional committee and the entire House of Representatives. 
Over the past several years, various 
appropriations riders related to gun policy have had unintended con-sequences that could have been pre-vented had these issues been fully and thoroughly debated in Congress. 
Today is National Gun Violence 
Awareness Day. Today of all days we can and must do better. We should not allow contentious policy provisions re-lated to important Federal policies governing firearms to be attached to these appropriations bills. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge the Appropria-
tions Committee and the House as a whole to stop inserting significant gun 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.171 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3722 June 2, 2015 
policy provisions into must-pass spend-
ing bills. 
I ask unanimous consent to withdraw 
my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from Connecticut? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
is withdrawn. 
b2115 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. 533. (a) None of the funds made avail-
able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. 
(b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit 
the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, adjudication, or other law-enforcement related activity. 
S
EC. 534. The Departments of Commerce 
and Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Science Foundation, the Commission on Civil Rights, the Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission, the International Trade Commis-sion, the Legal Services Corporation, the Marine Mammal Commission, the Offices of Science and Technology Policy and the United States Trade Representative, and the State Justice Institute shall submit spend-ing plans, signed by the respective depart-ment or agency head, to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate within 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
S
EC. 535. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. 
S
EC. 536. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to relinquish the re-sponsibility of the National Telecommuni-cations and Information Administration with respect to Internet domain name sys-tem functions, including responsibility with respect to the authoritative root zone file and the Internet Assigned Numbers Author-ity functions. 
S
EC. 537. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to require a person licensed under section 923 of title 18, United States Code, to report information to the De-partment of Justice regarding the sale of multiple rifles or shotguns to the same per-son. 
S
EC. 538. No funds provided in this Act 
shall be used to deny the Inspectors General of the Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice, the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, and the National Science Foundation timely access to all records, doc-uments, and other materials in the custody or possession of the respective department or agency or to prevent or impede the par-ticular Inspector General’s access to such records, documents, and other materials, un-less in accordance with an express limitation of section 6(a) of the Inspector General Act, as amended, consistent with the plain lan-guage of the Inspector General Act, as amended. The Inspectors General of the De-partments of Commerce and Justice, the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, and the National Science Foundation shall report to the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within five calendar days any failures to comply with this requirement. 
S
EC. 539. The Department of Commerce, 
the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration, the National Science Foundation, and the Office of Science and Technology 
Policy shall provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on any of-ficial travel to China by any employee of such Department or agency, including the purpose of such travel. 
S
EC. 540. (a) No funds made available in 
this Act may be used to facilitate, permit, li-cense, or promote exports to the Cuban mili-tary or intelligence service or to any officer of the Cuban military or intelligence service, or an immediate family member thereof. 
(b) This section does not apply to exports 
of goods permitted under the Trade Sanc-tions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.). 
(c) In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘Cuban military or intel-
ligence service’’ includes, but is not limited to, the Ministry of the Revolutionary Armed Forces, and the Ministry of the Interior, of Cuba, and any subsidiary of either such Min-istry; and 
(2) the term ‘‘immediate family member’’ 
means a spouse, sibling, son, daughter, par-ent, grandparent, grandchild, aunt, uncle, niece, or nephew. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FARR  
Mr. FARR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk to strike sec-tion 540. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike section 540 (page 97, line 18 through 
page 98, line 10). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Chairman, I am serv-
ing my 22nd year in the United States Congress, and I have never seen a pro-vision in an appropriations bill like this. 
This amendment in there could be la-
beled the ‘‘family feud.’’ There is only one Member of Congress who is related to anybody in the leadership and in the military in Cuba, and he is the person who put this amendment in. 
What it does is it prohibits busi-
nesses from doing business in Cuba be-cause it makes it almost impossible for any business to get a license. That is why the United States Chamber of Commerce; the National Foreign Trade Council; the Emergency Committee for American Trade; USA Engage, which is a trade group; and CubaNow, which is Florida’s Cuban Americans, are all op-posed to this provision of the bill and support my amendment to strike it. 
Mr. Chairman, I submit for the 
R
ECORD letters from CubaNow which 
are in support of my amendment. 
DEAR CONGRESSMAN FARR: We urge that 
House Members vote to strip Section 540 from H.R. 2578, Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016. 
This provision would turn back the stra-
tegic effort to normalize relations between the U.S. and Cuba, harming advancements to increased commerce with Cuba. 
Majorities of Americans, Cuban-Ameri-
cans, and Cubans support normalizing rela-tions and ending the unilateral trade embar-go. Bipartisan support exists in both the House and Senate and throughout the busi-ness community and the majority of civil so-ciety groups focused on Cuba. The question of Cuba policy should be ap-
proached deliberatively in the full context of hemispheric relations. 
Please support the Farr amendment to 
strip Section 540 from H.R. 2578. 
Sincerely, 
C
UBANOW; 
EMERGENCY COMMITTEE  
FORAMERICAN TRADE ; 
ENGAGE CUBA; 
MANCHESTER TRADE  
LIMITED , INC.; 
NATIONAL FOREIGN TRADE  
COUNCIL ; 
U.S. C HAMBER OF  
COMMERCE ; 
USA*E NGAGE . 
#CUBANOWSTATEMENT ON ADMINISTRATION  
VETOTHREATS OVERCUBAPOLICY  
[From #CubaNow] 
WASHINGTON .—#CubaNow Political Direc-
tor David Gomez issued the following state-
ment in support of the Obama Administra-tion’s veto threats and congressional efforts to eliminate attempts to limit or roll back the new Cuba policy: 
‘‘#CubaNow supports the recent veto 
threats issued by the Obama Administration in regards to the House’s current Transpor-
tation and Commerce appropriations bills. As 
the Administration noted, these bills include policy riders that place unacceptable and re-gressive restrictions related to Cuba, includ-ing Americans’ right to travel to the Island and the ability to do business with and sup-port Cuba’s growing private sector. #CubaNow also supports the floor amend-ment by Rep. Sam Farr to strike the restric-tions from the Commerce appropriations bill and other similar efforts in Congress to keep spending bills free of bad policy that will do 
nothing to help the Cuban people.’’ 
‘‘Congress should work on advancing U.S.- 
Cuba policy in a constructive manner that recognizes there’s no going back to the failed ideas of yesterday. Only a small minority in Congress continues to try to drag their feet. But the Cold War is over, and it’s time that Congress heeds the will of an American pub-lic that by and large supports moving forward 
with greater engagement. Our new direction will do more to help Cuban civil society than riders that try to breathe life into an unsuc-cessful half-century-old policy.’’ 
Mr. FARR. Almost every country in 
this hemisphere and almost every country in the world has normal trade relations with Cuba. We are trying to open those up so that businesses in America, particularly our agriculture and our other trading goods, can take advantage of the market in Cuba—not a big one, but an important one—be-cause it is so close to shore. 
What this amendment does is it stops 
all of that. It targets the Cuban mili-tary by saying that anything related to the Cuban military and what they own, which is a lot of businesses in Cuba, may not be used to facilitate, permit, license, or promote exports to the Cuban military or intelligence services or the immediate families thereof. 
This is what is really so damaging. 
The term ‘‘immediate family,’’ as de-scribed in the bill, means a spouse, sib-ling, son, daughter, parent, grand-parent, grandchild, aunt, uncle, niece, or nephew. Now, how does a business-person in the United States know if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\H02JN5.REC H02JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3723 June 2, 2015 
any of those people are working for any 
of the agencies that this bill restricts from? 
It hurts American businesses, and it 
hurts Cubans. Let’s stop living in the past. Let’s strike this provision in the bill and support my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
am glad this amendment is here. 
President Obama said—and he said 
this a while ago—that his policies are to help promote the Cuban people’s independence from Cuban authorities. 
Now, no one can claim that the 
Cuban military and the Cuban intel-ligence community and their direct family members are not the Cuban au-thorities. Nothing is more authority than those two things. Let’s unmask what this amendment does. 
The language in the mark, in the bill, 
simply affirms that we should not send exports—I will make this very clear— to the Cuban military or the intel-ligence community or their immediate families. In unmasking this amend-ment, what this amendment is saying is no, no, no, that we do support and that we do want to do business with the Cuban military and the Cuban in-telligence services and their immediate families. 
By the way, it is the same military 
and intelligence services that brutal-ized the Cuban people, that beat pro-democracy demonstrators, that beat a number of American citizens in Pan-ama recently, that illegally smuggles weapons, which has members of that Cuban military under indictment here in a U.S. Federal court for the murder of American citizens. 
I am glad this amendment is here be-
cause this amendment unmasks the un-derlying issue, and the chairman’s mark specifically deals with—again, as I mentioned—the Cuban military and the intelligence community and their immediate relatives. 
If this amendment were to happen, 
what we would be saying is that we want to do business, not with Cuba and not with the Cuban people, but with the Cuban military and the intel-ligence services and their direct rel-atives. Frankly, I am glad this amend-ment is here because it does unmask the issue. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of 
my time to the distinguished gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ). 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. I thank my 
colleague for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to 
the Farr amendment. 
Section 540 is critical in ensuring 
that exports to Cuba reach and benefit the Cuban people, not the regime’s military and intelligence services, which actively and aggressively col-laborate with our enemies throughout the world. Still today, Cuba has one of the most robust spy networks in the 
United States. These are not the people we should be rewarding with American business. 
The most recent State Department 
report on Cuba’s human rights condi-tions says that harsh prison conditions, arbitrary arrests, selective prosecu-
tion, and the denial of fair trials con-tinue in the country. 
The iron fist of the Castro regime has 
cracked down on peaceful democratic activists with over 2,000 dissidents ar-rested since the President’s December 17 announcement. Just this past Sun-day, 59 members of the Ladies in White were arrested along with 25 other human rights activists—their crime? It was attending Sunday mass, Mr. Chair-man. 
The oppression is not limited to 
Cuba’s borders. According to high-level military defectors from Venezuela’s Government, there are between 2,700 and 3,000 Cuban military and intel-ligence agents aiding in the crackdown against Venezuelan protesters and op-posing American interests in that country. 
These are the thugs—the very indi-
viduals—who would most benefit from the Farr amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I understand that 
there is a diversity of views in this Chamber with regard to our broader Cuba policy. What I cannot understand is why anyone would want to reward the individuals responsible for the deaths of Americans, for the oppression of the Cuban people, for spying against our country. 
I respectfully ask my colleagues to 
oppose the Farr amendment. 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Chairman, rhetoric is 
really cheap here, but I would urge Members to read the bill and to read the second term. 
It reads: 
The term ‘‘Cuban military intelligence 
service’’ includes but is not limited to the Ministry of the Revolutionary Armed Forces and the Ministry of Interior of Cuba and any subsidiary of such ministry. 
The term ‘‘immediate family’’ means 
spouse, sibling, son, daughter, and so on. 
The analysis by our own Library of 
Congress says that this would severely hurt the consumer communication de-vices that would be sent to families in Cuba as part of the negotiations that are going on right now between the United States and the administration. 
It would also hurt materials, equip-
ment, tools used by the private sector to construct or to renovate privately owned buildings, tools and equipment for private sector agriculture activity, tools and equipment and supplies and instruments used by the private sector. 
This provision just kills the ability 
for the United States to open up trade that every other country has. This is just a ‘‘family feud’’ amendment. This is not good business, and that is why the business community is opposed. 
Mr. Chairman, how much time do I 
have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK ). The gentleman from California 
has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. FARR. I yield 11⁄2minutes to the 
distinguished gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
EE). 
Ms. LEE. I thank my colleague for 
yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong sup-
port of this amendment. 
Once again, the other side is really 
pushing the envelope in terms of char-acterizing what this amendment actu-ally does. 
This amendment would strike provi-
sions included in this bill that would prohibit the Department of Commerce from issuing licenses for new types of exports that are permitted under the Obama administration’s new policy of engagement with Cuba. This provision is not only an inappropriate policy rider in this appropriations bill, but, if included, it would put this House, once again, on the wrong side of history. 
Supporters of this provision claim 
that it would only prohibit exporting to anyone who works with the Cuban military, intelligence services, and their immediate families. The reality is that the effects of this provision are much, much broader. 
It would make it difficult for the De-
partment of Commerce to issue li-censes to companies that want to ex-port to Cuba, U.S. companies that cre-ate jobs in the United States of Amer-ica. This includes equipment and sup-plies for entrepreneurs that are related to running their own businesses here in America, and it includes the materials, equipment, and tools to construct or renovate privately owned businesses. 
Simply put, this rider is wrong. It is 
wrong for business, and it certainly should not be part of a bill that funds our critical Commerce, Justice, and Science programs. 
The majority of Americans and Cu-
bans agree that U.S. policy toward Cuba has been an unpopular failure for more than 50 years. Instead of includ-ing misguided provisions that under-mine the process of normalizing rela-tions with Cuba, we should be moving toward increased exchanges, formal re-lations with our neighbors, and cre-ating good-paying jobs in the United States by allowing the exporting of U.S. products to Cuba. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBER -
SON). 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to point out the language Mr. F
ARRis attempting to strike. 
It reads: 
No funds made available to do business 
with the Cuban military or the intelligence services. 
The only thing standing between 
President Barack Obama’s attempt to override the will of the people as ex-pressed by Congress, which is we will not do business with Cuba, is the Fed-eral law. President Obama is attempt-ing to change that. 
The only thing stopping President 
Obama from doing business with Cuba is this language, and the language says 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.178 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3724 June 2, 2015 
you cannot do business with the Com-
munist military in Cuba or with the Communist intelligence services. 
It is very straightforward. If you 
want to do business with the private sector in Cuba, go ahead. All this says is that you can’t do business with the Communist military or with the Com-munist intelligence services. 
Therefore, we urge Members to vote 
‘‘no’’ against this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman from Florida has expired. 
Mr. FARR. It is very interesting that 
the capitalist society out there sup-ports my amendment: the U.S. Cham-ber of Commerce, the National Foreign 
Trade Council, Engage Cuba, the Emer-gency Committee for American Trade. They wrote a letter that they urge the House Members to strip section 540 from H.R. 2578, the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act. 
The provision would turn back the 
strategic effort to normalize relations between the U.S. and Cuba, harming advancements to increase commerce with Cuba. The majorities of Ameri-cans, Cuban Americans, and Cubans support the normalization of relations and any unilateral trade embargo. 
Bipartisan support exists in both the 
House and the Senate and throughout the businesses community and with the majority of the civil society focused on Cuba. The question of Cuba policy should be approached deliberatively and in the full context of hemispheric relations. 
I urge the support of this amend-
ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I move 
to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, we 
spend a lot of time making something simple complex. The problem here is that, in a small nation, an island like Cuba, trying to discern whether some-body is related—a cousin, a nephew, a so-and-so who might work for some en-tity—is very problematic. 
What this restriction would basically 
mean is that you wouldn’t be able to do any business. That is notwithstanding everything else, notwithstanding the failure of the last 50 years, notwith-standing the fact that everybody else in the world is doing business in Cuba, this language would prevent us from being able to do any business there be-cause you would not be able to pre-determine whether there was a blood connection between some person you were selling a cell phone to and some-one who, at some point, was a grunt in the military. 
b2130 
That is the issue. That is why we 
should support the Farr amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. F
ARR). The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Chairman, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. 541. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be expended during fiscal year 2016 for the shutdown of the Strato-spheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy or for the preparation therefor. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  
SEC. 542. The amount by which the applica-
ble allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SCHWEIKERT  
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C URBELO of 
Florida). The Clerk will report the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Add at the end of the bill (before the short 
title), the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act shall be used to transfer cell site simulators, or IMSI Catcher, or similar cell phone tower mimicking technology to state and local law enforcement that haven’t adopted procedures for the use of such tech-nology that protects the constitutional rights of citizens. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
will try to make this very quick be-cause I know there is a point of order. 
This was one of those moments where 
there was a concern about new adopted technology. We have all heard the sto-ries of some of these, shall we call them, dummy cell sites that are basi-cally used to capture the phone calls because they produce the largest, most powerful signal. Now, some of this technology that has been being used at the Federal Government level is being transferred to State and local law en-forcement. 
The amendment is meant to be very 
simple and just says for the Federal Government to design, for Justice to design, protocols that the constitu-tional rights are being protected, that if a local law enforcement is going to use this capture technology, that they better darn well be following the Con-stitution, and before that technology is transferred, that there is an under-standing, mechanics of that being laid out. We tried to make the amendment as 
simple and clear-cut as possible. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise to make a point of order against the amendment, reluctantly, because I agree with the gentleman’s amendment because I share his concern about pri-vacy matters; but because the amend-ment proposes to change existing law, and it constitutes legislation in an ap-propriations bill, it, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
I do share the gentleman’s concern. I 
think it is very important that, as the House debates these matters, that we remember that our most important right as Americans is to be left alone and our right of privacy. I am deeply concerned about these cell phone tow-ers that are spoofed, that are designed to spoof our phones, and the govern-ment intruding into our zone of pri-vacy that is now compromised by these electronic devices in so many ways. 
However, House rules state in perti-
nent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appropriations bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ 
This amendment does require a new 
determination by its express terms, and while I will certainly work with the gentleman as we move forward in conference to address this concern, make sure our privacy rights are pro-
tected, I do ask at this time for a rul-ing from the Chair on the substance of my point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Chairman, 
with the chairman’s friendship and commitment and where he is on under-standing the importance of the issue, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Arizona? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL  
Mr. ENGEL. I have an amendment at 
the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used by the Depart-ment of Commerce, the Department of Jus-tice, or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any ex-ecutive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inven-tory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\H02JN5.REC H02JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3725 June 2, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, on May 
24, 2011, President Obama issued a memorandum on Federal fleet perform-ance that required all new light-duty vehicles in the Federal fleet to be al-ternative fuel vehicles, such as hybrid, electric, natural gas, or biofuel, by De-cember 31, 2015. 
My amendment echoes the Presi-
dent’s memorandum by prohibiting funds in this act from being used to lease or purchase new light-duty vehi-cles unless that purchase is made in ac-cord with the President’s memo-randum. I have submitted identical amendments to 16 different appropria-tions bills over the past few years, and every time they have been accepted by both the majority and the minority, so I hope my amendment will receive similar support today. 
Global oil prices are down. We no 
longer pay $147 per barrel. But despite increased production here in the United States, the global price of oil is still largely determined by OPEC. Spikes in oil prices have profound re-percussions for our economy. The pri-mary reason is that our cars and trucks run only on petroleum. We can change that with alternative tech-nologies that exist today. 
The Federal Government operates 
the largest fleet of light-duty vehicles in America, over 633,000 vehicles. Near-ly 50,000 of these vehicles are within the jurisdiction of this bill, being used by the Department of Commerce, De-partment of Justice, and the National Science Foundation. 
When I was in Brazil a few years ago, 
I saw how they diversified their fuel by greatly expanding their use of ethanol. People there can drive to a gas station and choose whether to fill their vehicle with gasoline or with ethanol or some other mix. They make their choice based on cost or whatever criteria they deem important. I want this same choice for American consumers. 
That is why I am proposing a bill this 
Congress, as I have in the past, which will provide for cars built in America to be able to run on a fuel instead of, or in addition to, gasoline. It doesn’t cost much at all; and if they can do it in Brazil, we can do it here. 
In conclusion, expanding the role 
these alternative technologies play in our transportation economy will help break the leverage that foreign govern-ment-controlled oil companies hold over Americans. It will increase our Nation’s domestic security and protect consumers. I ask that my colleagues support the Engel amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, but I do not op-pose the gentleman’s amendment and would urge its adoption. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ATTAH ), my friend from Philadelphia. Mr. FATTAH. We had a big celebra-
tion at the Ben Franklin Institute in Philadelphia for electric cars, and there was such a variety of vehicles. Alternative fuels are important. I think that the gentleman’s amendment is one that we have accepted in pre-vious appropriation bills, and I concur with the chairman that we would ac-cept it in this case. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I urge Members to 
support the amendment and urge its adoption. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I con-
clude and say I thank my colleagues and look forward to continuing to work together with them in a bipartisan fashion for the good of the American people. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POE OF TEXAS  
Mr. POE of Texas. I have an amend-
ment at the desk regarding the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution, with multiple cosponsors. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. (a) Except as provided by sub-
section (b), none of the funds made available by this Act for the Department of Justice or the Federal Bureau of Investigation may be used to mandate or request that a person (as defined in section 101(m) of the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801(m)) alter the product or service of the person to permit the electronic surveillance (as defined in section 101(f) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1801(f)) of any user of such product or service. 
(b) Subsection (a) shall not apply with re-
spect to mandates or requests authorized under the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act (47 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). 
Mr. POE of Texas (during the read-
ing). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous con-sent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have a simple, straightforward amend-ment to protect the Fourth Amend-ment of the U.S. Constitution. This is a very similar amendment that passed DOD Appropriations last year. 
I would like to thank Representa-
tives L
OFGREN , M ASSIE , C ONYERS , 
AMASH , NADLER , FARENTHOLD , POLIS, 
LABRADOR , and L IEUfor working with 
me as cosponsors on this important amendment. 
James Comey, the Director of the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation, re-cently asked Congress to update the 
law to ensure that the Federal Govern-ment can access information from Americans’ cell phones and personal electronic devices in the future. 
Many U.S. technology companies 
have also been approached by the gov-ernment agencies, urging them either through intimidation or just request to create back doors on their products’ encryption system so the government can access it later down the road. We have all learned recently about the government’s abuse of section 215 under the PATRIOT Act and abuse under section 702 of the FISA Amend-ments Act. 
Basically what this amendment does, 
Mr. Chairman, is prohibit the govern-ment from going to Apple, for example, and telling Apple that they want an encryption in cell phones that they sell to Americans, an encryption that would allow the FBI to have access to this information, which would include not just conversations, not just include emails, but it would also include text messaging as well. 
This is a straightforward amend-
ment. This prohibits the Federal Gov-ernment—specifically, the FBI—from going in and receiving this informa-tion. Privacy is important. It is under our Constitution. There should be no doubt that the Federal Government should have no access to our cell phones and the information that is in those cell phones. That is what this amendment does. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. I ask unanimous 
consent to claim the time in opposi-tion, but I do not oppose the gentle-man’s amendment. I agree with his amendment and encourage the House to support it. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Chairman, re-
serving the right to object. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from California is recognized on her reservation. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Chairman, I had 
also sought to seek the time in opposi-tion, although I also do not oppose the amendment. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Does the gentle-
woman support the amendment? 
Ms. LOFGREN. I support the amend-
ment, as does the gentleman. 
Mr. CULBERSON. That was my 
point. I think it is important. We are here in this Chamber looking at George Mason, who refused to sign the Con-stitution because he was so concerned that the power of the Federal Govern-ment would just absolutely oblit-erate—— 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
will suspend. 
Does the gentlewoman withdraw her 
reservation? 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Chairman, fur-
ther reserving, I was wondering if the Democratic side of the aisle might be able to split the time. That is why I was reserving the right to object. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
would be happy to split the time with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.185 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3726 June 2, 2015 
the gentlewoman. I am claiming the 
time in opposition, although I do not oppose it. The gentleman still has some time remaining on his initial time. I will yield in just a moment, but I real-ly think it is important in this age of electronic communication that we in the Congress debate and be keenly aware of the new boundaries. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
will suspend. 
Ms. LOFGREN. I withdraw my res-
ervation. 
The Acting CHAIR. The reservation 
is withdrawn. 
Without objection, the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ) is recog-
nized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. 
b2145 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, my 
neighbor and good friend, Judge T ED 
POE, brings a very important point to 
the floor tonight. 
In this new era of expanding tech-
nology that now intrudes on every as-pect of our lives, it is very important to remember the admonition that Ben-jamin Franklin gave us—that those who would surrender a little freedom to gain a little safety are soon going to find themselves with neither. 
I do find it instructive that we are 
here on this House floor looking at George Mason, who is on the right here, who refused to sign the Constitu-tion because he was so concerned the Federal Government would become om-nipotent and obliterate the rights of individuals and the rights of the States to control those issues that deal exclu-sively with the States. 
My favorite Founding Father, Thom-
as Jefferson, was keenly aware of and concerned about the power of the Fed-eral Government. We are entering into a whole new era now where the govern-ment has got the ability to intrude on every aspect of our life. 
I share Judge P
OE’s concern. I sup-
port his amendment, and I urge the House to support it. If the FBI has a court order, if the National Security Agency gets a court order, I believe they could get access to what they need to get access to. Just like crack-ing a safe. 
In fact, I asked this question, if I 
could, of Director Comey in front of our subcommittee. He said these new iPhones—I dropped my iPhone 5 and had to get a 6—he said these can’t be cracked. So, therefore, you would have to open them up like you would a safe, as you had to order safes, I bet, opened on occasion, Judge P
OE. 
So I agree with the amendment, and 
I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OF-
GREN ). 
Ms. LOFGREN. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
As Mr. P OErecognized, this is a very 
diverse group of authors who don’t agree on everything, but this is very important for a reason. 
First, it is fundamental that our pri-
vacy be protected; that the Fourth Amendment be adhered to. Secondly, 
we all know—and if you ask any com-puter scientist, they will tell you—that once the vulnerability is introduced for a good reason, it is available for hack-ing for very bad reasons. Finally, for competitiveness. Think how competi-tive it is to sell an American product around the world when everyone knows that it is compromised. Not a really good marketing tool. 
Last year, as Mr. P
OEmentioned, we 
had almost precisely this amendment on the floor as an amendment to the DOD appropriations. What was the vote on that amendment? It was 293–123; overwhelming. 
So I am hoping that Members will 
not flip-flop, that they will, in fact, vote the way they did last year. 
And I will just go a little trip down 
memory road. When I was first elected to the Congress, I took my oath of of-fice January 4, 1995, and I met B
OB 
GOODLATTE for the very first time. And 
he and I went all over this Congress to try and work on decontrol of encryption. 
Although a lot of people we talked to 
in 1995 had no idea what we were talk-ing about when we talked about encryption, ultimately that bipartisan effort was successful. We must not let that successful effort to protect pri-vacy, to protect technology, be eroded at this point. 
So I look forward to a very strong 
vote on this. I think it is important that we have a vote, even though there is agreement, just to send the message to the other body how serious that we are. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Our most impor-
tant right as Americans is to be left alone. If you are a law-abiding Amer-ican, you are secure in your home and your possessions. Your home is your castle. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tlewoman from California. 
Ms. LOFGREN. We might not agree 
on everything, but I think we agree on the Fourth Amendment. So this is a great day for this body to come to-gether across the aisle for that pur-pose. And I thank the gentleman for yielding 
Mr. CULBERSON. I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. POE of Texas. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. I just wanted to indi-
cate that on behalf of the minority, we support your amendment and are pre-pared to agree to it. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ). 
Mr. MASSIE. Thank you, Judge P OE, 
for introducing this amendment. This was substantially the same amendment that we offered last summer that passed with a veto-proof majority 293– 123. Back doors are bad for three reasons. 
When the government forces companies to put back doors or weaken their encryption, it is bad for security be-cause hackers are going to find these back doors and other foreign countries will find these back doors. 
It is bad for privacy because the 
Fourth Amendment can be violated. And it is bad for business. As my col-league Z
OELOFGREN from California 
mentioned, it is bad for business be-cause it makes us less competitive overseas. Who wants to buy a piece of defective software that was made de-fective by our government? 
So I urge Members to vote for this 
amendment because it would prevent all of these bad things from occurring. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
how much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. POE of Texas. In conclusion, I 
want to thank the minority, Ms. L
OF-
GREN , and all the cosponsors on this, as 
well as the chairman of the sub-committee, for their support. 
On the issue of privacy, in this time 
where we have threats to this country, we can have security and we can cer-tainly have privacy, and we can have the Constitution be followed as well. 
The Fourth Amendment has always 
required that if the government wants to search, the government must follow certain rules. And those rules are that you must get a warrant from a judge based on probable cause. That is still the law of the land, even in 2015. 
All this amendment does is ensure 
the fact that the government—the FBI—follows the Constitution. The idea that the Federal Government wants to have encryption in American cell phones so they can have access to the information is repulsive. So all this does is keep the Federal Government out of our business without appropriate constitutional protections. 
I ask for support of this amendment, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
just want to reaffirm that, as Judge P
OEhas written this amendment, there 
is an exception in here that if the gov-ernment gets a court order, they can go in and put a back door on the phone when the judge says there is a compel-ling reason to do so. 
I yield to the gentleman. Mr. POE of Texas. Certainly. The 
law—the Constitution—still applies that the government must go and get a warrant based upon probable cause under the Fourth Amendment. Of course, there are exceptions to warrantless search. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Reclaiming my 
time, the way the amendment is writ-ten, the government can’t just force all phone companies to build a back door into all telephones. You have got to have a court order on that specific phone, on that specific person, before you can do it. That is absolutely rea-sonable. That is what Mr. Madison and Mr. Jefferson intended for us to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.187 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3727 June 2, 2015 
Therefore, I support the gentleman’s 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to execute a sub-poena of tangible things pursuant to section 506 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 876) that does not include the fol-lowing sentence: ‘‘This subpoena limits the collection of any tangible things (including phone numbers dialed, telephone numbers of incoming calls, and the duration of calls) to those tangible things identified by a term that specifically identifies an individual, ac-count, address, or personal device, and that limits, to the greatest extent reasonably practicable, the scope of the tangible things sought.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, here in 
Congress we have just been spending a lot of time and energy discussing NSA surveillance. The American public— and now, Members of Congress in both Chambers—have spoken clearly that the kind of bulk data collection the NSA has engaged in needs to be stopped. However, there is a cor-responding change that we need to make with regard to the Drug Enforce-ment Administration. 
In a series of revelations from 2013 to 
2015, it came to light that the DEA had for more than 20 years been gathering a vast database of information on America’s personal communications. There was no congressional authority for this program and no oversight by Congress or any area of the Federal Government. 
Legal experts who weighed in after 
the program was finally made public have said without hesitation that the program was illegal. 
In 2013, the Department of Justice 
brought this program to an end, but there is nothing to stop the govern-ment or the DOJ from resuming it at will unless Congress acts by inserting this language in the appropriations bill. Without this language, the DEA could once again unilaterally sweep up the communications records of mil-lions of Americans. 
There is no reason that, as we work 
to end the unconstitutional surveil-lance that the NSA has engaged in, we should continue to allow the DOJ to have the very same abuses. 
This is a corresponding piece of legis-
lation to something that already passed the House with regard to the NSA by an overwhelming majority. I urge my colleagues to support our 
bipartisan amendment that we worked on with Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , 
Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. F ARENTHOLD to 
simply prohibit DOJ from using Fed-eral funds to engage in bulk data col-lection of Americans’ phone records or other data, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Just being given 
Mr. P
OLIS’ amendment, I oppose the 
idea of bulk data collection. I would like to accept the gentleman’s amend-ment because of my previous expressed concerns about how we want to make sure we are protecting the privacy of law-abiding Americans. 
So I would accept the gentleman’s 
amendment with the understanding that I would work with him. There may be unintended consequences here that I am not immediately aware of. Judici-ary Committee staff is working with ours right now to make sure we have got our arms around this. 
I want to make sure that if the DEA 
has a valid court order, a valid sub-poena, that they can go after lawbreakers and complete their inves-tigations. Again, we want to protect the privacy of law-abiding Americans. 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. I think with the under-
standing that the chairman has laid out, your accepting this amendment would move us forward, and I agree. I think we have a clear understanding that you are accepting it, but we will work together to make sure it doesn’t have any unintended consequences. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Reclaiming my 
time, with that understanding, I want to make sure we reserve the right of DEA to get a court order to do their work. With that understanding, I with-draw my opposition and will accept the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. N
AD-
LER), the coauthor of the amendment. 
Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
I rise in strong support of this 
amendment to prevent bulk collection of data at the Department of Justice. 
Last month, this House spoke loud 
and clear that we oppose the National Security Agency’s bulk collection of telephone metadata. Today, the Senate joined us in that judgment, and, to-gether, we have reaffirmed our com-mitment to the Fourth Amendment and to protecting Americans from un-constitutional government surveil-lance. 
We learned earlier this year that long 
before the NSA program ban, the Drug Enforcement Administration engaged in its own bulk collection program that provided a model for the NSA to use nearly a decade later. This program in-
cluded logs of virtually all telephone calls from the U.S. to as many as 116 countries, ostensibly linked to drug trafficking, all without a court order and without authorization from Con-gress. 
Mr. Chairman, enough is enough. Al-
though the DOJ has since shut down this program, there is nothing pre-venting the Department from renewing it in secret without authorization, as it did before. This amendment would en-sure that it remains dormant and that Americans’ privacy remains secure. 
I thank Mr. P
OLIS and the other co-
sponsors of the amendment, and I thank the gentleman from Texas for accepting this amendment. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in support of this amendment and thank my colleague from Texas for agreeing to accept it. 
This has been a great victory this 
week in our ability to work with the Senate to rein in what I believe to be the unconstitutional bulk data collec-tion by the NSA. 
Just because we stopped the NSA 
doesn’t mean we shouldn’t be ever vigi-lant. With the reports of the DEA en-gaging in similar activities, it is abso-lutely appropriate that we use the power of the purse to ensure that this type of spying on American citizens— this bulk data collection—is stopped. 
This is no different from the general 
warrants that were complained about when the King of England would send troops to rifle through people’s desks just looking for stuff. It is the exact same thing in the digital age. I encour-age my colleagues to support it and look forward to working with my col-league, Mr. C
ULBERSON , in making sure 
it does become part of this bill. 
b2200 
Mr. POLIS. In conclusion, I want to 
thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ). It is, indeed, the intended 
language and we believe the actual lan-guage of the amendment that would not interfere with any valid court or-ders or warrants. We are happy to work with them in that regard. 
The amendment is designed to per-
tain to bulk collection of data, which was never specifically authorized by Congress. 
I appreciate the gentleman from 
Texas accepting the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.188 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3728 June 2, 2015 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. (a) Each amount made available 
by this Act, except those amounts made available to the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, is hereby reduced by 1 percent. 
(b) The reduction in subsection (a) shall 
not apply with respect to the following ac-counts of the Department of Justice: 
(1) ‘‘Fees and Expenses of Witnesses’’. (2) ‘‘Public Safety Officer Benefits’’. (3) ‘‘United States Trustee System Fund’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Tennessee. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, 
first of all, I want to begin by thanking the committee and Chairman C
ULBER -
SON for their tremendous work that 
they have put into this bill, identifying ways to reduce spending and to be a good steward of the taxpayers’ money. 
This funding bill is $51.4 billion, and 
I would like to point out that that is $661 million below the President’s re-quest. Good work on behalf of our team. 
Now, I am one of those that thinks 
more needs to be done, especially when we look at the discretionary spending. There is more we should do. My amend-ment calls for a 1 percent across-the- board spending reduction. That would reduce the budget authority by $540 million and outlays by $340 million in Fiscal Year 2016. 
I am fully aware of the opposition 
that exists to across-the-board cuts by many of the appropriators, and I have many times stood on this floor and heard how they think this is just a lit-tle bit of a cut too much. 
However, we are nearly $18.3 trillion 
in debt. Indeed, Admiral Mullen, on July 6, 2010, said the greatest threat to our Nation’s security is our Nation’s debt. 
Getting our spending under control is 
an important step for us to take. That is why we need to move forward and do what many of our States have done and institute across-the-board cuts to save one penny out of a dollar. 
Engage the rank-and-file Federal em-
ployees. Have them bring to the table their best ideas. Our children are de-pending on us to do this in order to maintain the fiscal sovereignty of our Nation. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. It is important for 
the House to oppose this amendment because, as in our personal lives or our business lives, the Appropriations Com-mittee has prioritized the very pre-cious and scarce, hard-earned taxpayer dollars that we are entrusted to appro-priate to make sure that they are spent on the most urgent priorities first. 
We do not want to cut, as Mrs. 
B
LACKBURN would, the FBI. We do not want to cut our operations of our cy-
bersecurity forces, as Mrs. B LACKBURN  
would. I do not want to cut the work that is being done by our law enforce-ment officials across the country, as Mrs. B
LACKBURN would. 
This amendment would also cut, for 
example, the good work that is being done by the U.S. Marshals Service. This would cut the 55 new immigration judges that we have included in the bill. 
This would cut the amount of money 
we set aside for the operation of our prison system, of the ATF, all Federal law enforcement agencies that perform such a vital role. We prioritized them and made sure they are protected from cuts. 
I would oppose this amendment on 
the basis that we do not want to cut Federal law enforcement. 
We also don’t want to cut our Na-
tion’s investment in the sciences and the National Science Foundation or our work to preserve America’s leader-ship role in space exploration. 
We want to make sure that we are 
doing all that we can to accelerate our work in bringing American astronauts back into space on an American-made rocket as quickly as possible. This amendment would cut NASA. 
We have, in the bill, however, cut or 
eliminated dozens of programs that their authorization has expired—or their usefulness has expired. We went in and dramatically cut programs that were not effective anymore, completely eliminated programs. 
We found all kinds of savings in this 
bill, and I am sure that our priorities are ones that the good people of Ten-nessee that Mrs. B
LACKBURN represents 
would share. I know her constituents share, as we do, a commitment to law enforcement, to scientific research, to America’s space program; and they would probably also agree with our cuts to the Department of Commerce, our unavoidable cuts really to the Cen-sus. 
We did our best to protect the impor-
tant work that our men and women in uniform who enforce the laws of the United States do. This amendment would be a blunt cut across the board to all of these worthwhile programs, and I urge the Members to oppose it. 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield 10 seconds 
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. I wanted to say that I 
concur completely with the chairman, and I am opposed to the amendment. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Chair-
man, I appreciate, as I said, the work that the committee has done, but I think it is imperative that we realize the burden that we are placing on fu-ture generations. 
Quite frankly, I think it is rather 
selfish of this body to force future gen-erations—our children and grand-children—to pay for the out-of-control spending of today. 
Have we done a good job? Yes. Could 
we do a superlative? Absolutely, we could. Cutting one penny out of a dol-
lar is a wise step. I don’t know of any-body that thinks we are underspent. I know a lot of people that think we are overspent and that we are overtaxed. 
What it is going to take in order to 
get our fiscal house in order and to se-cure this Nation for future generations is, yes, indeed, targeted cuts. It is going to take across-the-board cuts, and it is going to take everybody agreeing that we don’t have a revenue problem, we have a spending problem. 
That is a component of our budget 
and appropriations process that the American people are demanding that we get under control. It is not nec-essarily a debate about worthiness. There are lots of good programs and es-sential programs. 
What it is, is a debate about steward-
ship, making certain that we are focus-ing and that we are doing the extra work that is necessary to get the spending under control. 
As I said, this is $51.4 billion in dis-
cretionary funding that is in this ap-propriations bill. It is below the Presi-dent’s request. The committee is to be commended for that. 
Taking the step of a 1 percent cut, 
you are talking about $540 million in budget authority and $340 million re-duction in outlays. It is a goal that we should set for ourselves. It is doable. It is attainable. 
We should take a playbook and a les-
son from the States and the counties and the communities that we represent and make the effort to reduce the spending just a little bit more. 
Madam Chairman, I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chairman, 
may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR (Ms. F
OXX). The 
gentleman from Texas has 21⁄4minutes 
remaining. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, I 
want to point out also that the amend-ment before us would cut 1 percent from eliminating the backlog of rape kits that are piling up in local police departments all over the country. We increased funding to eliminate that backlog of rape kits. 
We increased funding to help forensic 
labs at the local level. We increased funding to make sure that programs to prevent violence against women are fully funded. This amendment would cut those funding increases for violence against women. 
b2210 
It is not the annual appropriations 
bill that is the biggest part of the prob-lem. All of us need to recognize that we have got to look at the entire Federal budget. 
The annual appropriations bill only 
represents one-third of the problem. The other two-thirds of the problem are the automatic mandatory prob-lems: the looming bankruptcy of Medi-care, the looming bankruptcy of Social Security and Medicaid, the incredible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.082 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3729 June 2, 2015 
burden that ObamaCare has placed on 
individual Americans—it threatens to bankrupt the entire healthcare sys-tem—the national debt, and the inter-est on the national debt. 
The American taxpayers are, indeed, 
taxed too much, but the biggest part of the spending problem is on these auto-matic programs that are consuming two-thirds of the Nation’s resources. 
In fact, if you pay off all those exist-
ing—just paying for these existing pro-grams, the mandatory programs, which you have to think of as America’s mortgage and interest payments, once you pay Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, interest on the debt, vet-erans benefits, you are only left with $689 billion to run the entire Federal Government, which is enough money to run the government through July 27. ‘‘National credit card day’’ is what I call it. July 27 is the day when we run out of existing revenue, and we are liv-ing on borrowed money to be paid off by our kids. 
A far better way to deal with this 
problem is to deal with the looming bankruptcy of Medicare, Social Secu-rity, and to deal with the national debt and deficit, the two-thirds of the prob-lem out there, and not look at some 1 percent cut on the one-third of the budget that we have already prioritized and cut everywhere we possibly can while protecting law enforcement. We are protecting our investment in the sciences and space exploration. 
I urge the Members to reject this 
amendment, and I would urge the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ) to work with us throughout the 
year as we develop these appropria-tions bills and help us find cuts in pro-grams and prioritization of funding, rather than bringing the amendment to the floor at the last minute. 
I urge Members to vote against this 
amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Chair, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SCOTT OF  
VIRGINIA  
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. lll . The amounts otherwise pro-
vided by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for Federal Prison Systems—Salaries and Expenses, and in-creasing the amount made available for Of-
fice of Justice Programs—Office of Juvenile Justice Delinquency and Prevention, by $69,515,000. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chairman, 
I reserve a point of order against the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I yield myself 2 minutes. 
Madam Chair, this amendment that I 
am offering today would repurpose just 1 percent of the funding for the Federal prison system and restore funding for the Office of Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention. 
Madam Chair, the underlying bill 
zeros out both title II formula grants and title V discretionary grants for prevention and early intervention pro-grams, which were funded last year at approximately $70 million. To ensure that our State juvenile justice systems are not irreparably damaged, this amendment would take just 1 percent away from our Federal prison systems, approximately $70 million, to maintain our commitment to prevention and early intervention. 
The prison system can take steps to 
deal with this reduction by limiting duplicate prosecutions or pursuing evi-dence-based alternatives to incarcer-ation, particularly for first-time of-fenders. These practices not only will save money, but will also improve pub-lic safety. 
We have a choice, Madam Chair. We 
can invest in prisons after the fact, or we can invest in prevention and early intervention before the fact and elimi-nate what the Children’s Defense Fund calls the Cradle to Prison Pipeline. 
Madam Chair, at this point, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
A´RDENAS ). 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Madam Chair, I ap-
preciate the opportunity to speak to my colleague and friend Congressman S
COTT’s amendment and to encourage 
this body to restore critical funding for the Office of Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention. 
This existing appropriations bill 
decimates funding for title II State for-mula grants and title V local delin-quency prevention programs which are essential investments that are proven to reduce crime. 
This amendment would provide 
$69,515,000, the equivalent of less than 1 percent of the Federal prison budget, which is a small investment when you consider the cost of incarcerating a youth is an average of $88,000 per year. That is hundreds of dollars a day to in-carcerate a youth. Evidence-based al-ternatives to incarceration for youth costs as little as $11 per day. 
These proven juvenile crime preven-
tion methods cost pennies compared to the incarceration of our young people. 
Members from both parties have es-poused the importance of investing in our children. Conservative organiza-tions have been among the loudest ad-vocates for reforming our criminal jus-tice system—in particular, for our youth—to move from an incarceration- based system to one that funds proven research-based alternatives to putting behind bars America’s children. There is a bipartisan consensus on this, ladies and gentlemen. 
While this amendment will be with-
drawn, I hope we can work together to fund these critical programs to give our children the opportunity to be pro-ductive members of our communities, reduce crime, and save billions of tax dollars going forward. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I would 
like to thank the ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce for raising this important issue. I assure him that it is my inten-tion that we will be working between here and the final bill to improve upon this area in the bill. 
I thank the chairman for all of his 
work in this regard. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I thank the gentleman for allowing 
us to debate because I understand the point of order will be sustained. 
There will be other opportunities 
during the legislative process, as the ranking member of the subcommittee has indicated, to deal with this issue. 
The way the bill has been drafted, it 
was impossible to get an amendment in order, but there will be other possibili-ties later on in the process, and I would hope the chair and the ranking member will work effectively to make sure that we deal with the choice that we have, whether we are going to just put money away for young people to get in trouble and then deal with it or we can deal with it in advance with prevention and early intervention. This is what this amendment would do. 
Madam Chair, if the gentleman is 
going to assert his point of order, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment and deal with the issue later on in the process. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
Ms. LEE. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Add, at the end of title V of the bill, the 
following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.194 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3730 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 5ll. (a) For each fiscal year after the 
expiration of the period specified in sub-section (b) in which a State receives funds for a program referred to in subsection (c)(2), the State shall require that all individuals enrolled in an academy of a law enforcement agency of the State and all law enforcement officers of the State fulfill a training session on sensitivity each fiscal year, including training on ethnic and racial bias, cultural diversity, and police interaction with the disabled, mentally ill, and new immigrants. In the case of individuals attending an acad-emy, such training session shall be for 8 hours, and in the case of all other law en-forcement officers, the training session shall be for 4 hours. 
(b)(1) Each State shall have not more than 
120 days, beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, to comply with subsection (a), except that— 
(A) the Attorney General may grant an ad-
ditional 120 days to a State that is making good faith efforts to comply with such sub-section; and 
(B) the Attorney General shall waive the 
requirements of subsection (a) if compliance with such subsection by a State would be un-constitutional under the constitution of such State. 
(2) For any fiscal year after the expiration 
of the period specified in paragraph (1), a State that fails to comply with subsection (a), shall, at the discretion of the Attorney General, be subject to not more than a 20- percent reduction of the funds that would otherwise be allocated for that fiscal year to the State under subpart 1 of part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3750 et seq.), whether characterized as the Edward Byrne Memorial State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance Programs, the Local Government Law Enforcement Block Grants Program, the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assist-ance Grant Program, or otherwise. 
(c) Amounts not allocated under a program 
referred to in subsection (b)(2) to a State for failure to fully comply with subsection (a) shall be reallocated under that program to States that have not failed to comply with such subsection. 
Ms. LEE (during the reading). I ask 
unanimous consent that the amend-ment be considered as read and printed in the R
ECORD . 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
b2220 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chairman, 
I reserve a point of order on the gentle-woman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. LEE. Madam Chair, I want to 
thank the Chair and our ranking mem-ber for your leadership on this sub-committee for your interest and sup-port on this amendment. I recognize the point of order and plan to withdraw 
the amendment. 
Recent events in Ferguson, Staten Is-
land, Baltimore, and around the coun-try really illustrate the need for sig-nificant reform in police interaction in communities that they are sworn to serve and protect. That is why this amendment would require the States receiving funding from the Department of Justice’s Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Program put acad-emy students and law enforcement offi-cers through sensitivity training on ethnic and racial bias, cultural diver-sity, and police interaction with the disabled, mentally ill, and new immi-grants. 
As you know, DOJ’s Byrne JAG 
Grant Program is the primary provider of Federal criminal justice funding to State and local jurisdictions sup-porting a wide range of law enforce-ment and court activities. Our law en-forcement agencies and officers play a critical role in protecting the safety of our communities. We need them to work cooperatively and competently along with our community members if we want to protect the public safety and the integrity of our neighborhoods. 
This is a major issue in many con-
gressional districts where many offi-cers live outside of the communities they serve and do not have the training to deal with a diverse constituency. Madam Chairman, I know that we all agree that the status quo is simply un-acceptable. 
Madam Chairman, I yield 2 minutes 
to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY), my colleague who has dem-
onstrated incredible leadership on this issue and continues to work in a bipar-tisan fashion on this very common-sense policy. 
Mr. CLAY. I thank the gentlewoman 
for yielding. 
Madam Chair, I rise in strong support 
of this amendment. FBI Director James Comey’s February 12, 2015, speech, entitled, ‘‘Hard Truths: Law Enforcement and Race,’’ addressed what he characterized as a ‘‘disconnect between police and minority commu-nities.’’ Director Comey challenged of-ficers to ‘‘acknowledge the widespread existence of unconscious bias.’’ We ap-preciate his candor and acknowledg-ment of issues we have long felt. 
Experience in our communities indi-
cates negative police interaction, and excessive force disproportionately af-fects communities of color, but there are other communities who would also benefit from better law enforcement relations. 
As FBI Director, Mr. Comey requires 
all new agents and analysts to study the agency’s interaction with Dr. Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., followed by a visit to the King Memorial. The FBI’s re-quired study serves as recognition that in order to truly see each other as peo-ple, we must recognize our short-comings and create and identify oppor-tunities to understand, respect, and be decent to one another. Police officer sensitivity training 
and annual retraining demonstrate a commitment to communities across this Nation. As Members of Congress, it is a practice we must encourage. In Ferguson, Staten Island, Cleveland, North Charleston and Baltimore, the need for reform is as clear as it is ur-gent. 
Madam Chairman, I thank the gen-
tlewoman from California. 
Ms. LEE. Madam Chairman, I yield 30 
seconds to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. F
ATTAH ), our ranking 
member. 
Mr. FATTAH. I want to thank the 
gentlewoman for her steadfastness and her focus on this matter and pledge to her that I am going to work with the chairman as we go forward to see that we get this incorporated in the final product of our bill. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chairman, 
I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I continue to re-
serve the point of order pending the gentlewoman’s withdrawal of the amendment. 
Madam Chairman, I want to reassure 
my colleague that I will continue to 
work with her and my ranking mem-ber, to work on this as we move through conference, as we discussed in full committee. 
I appreciate the gentlewoman’s with-
drawing the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. LEE. Madam Chair, I want to 
thank our ranking member and our chairman for their commitment to continue to work on this very impor-tant issue, along with Congressman C
LAY. 
Madam Chair, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POE OF TEXAS  
Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to enforce section 221 of title 13, United States Code, with re-spect to the survey, conducted by the Sec-retary of Commerce, commonly referred to as the ‘‘American Community Survey’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Chair, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Madam Chair, we are all familiar 
with the Census that takes place every 10 years where there is a counting of the people in America. The Census Bu-reau also has another project, not con-stitutionally required, but something 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.083 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3731 June 2, 2015 
that they do called the American Com-
munity Survey, which is a partial sam-pling of about 3 million Americans a year. 
A survey is sent out, and I will read 
from this 28-page survey. It is 48 ques-tions long, and the questions have nothing to do with how many people live in your house. Some of the ques-tions are like this: 
When do you leave for work? 
When does your spouse leave for 
work? 
When do your kids leave for school? Does anyone suffer from a mental ill-
ness in the residence? 
Does your house have a sink with a 
faucet? 
Does anyone have trouble walking? Does anyone have trouble getting 
dressed or bathed? 
So there are 48 question like this, 
and failure to abide by and fill out this document and send it back to the Cen-sus Bureau could result in a fine. 
Now, people in my district have 
called my office from all over the coun-try about getting this thing in the mail and the harassment by the Census Bu-reau and subcontractors, including the fact that I have a single parent in my district that called and was com-plaining about the fact that the Census Bureau person would sit in the front of her house waiting for her to come home from work and then go to the door and peak through the windows trying to get her to fill out this page, or these 28 pages and send them back to the Census Bureau. So harassment takes place. And some people are threatened with a fine that is imposed for failure to abide by the survey. 
Now, what this amendment does, it 
does not eliminate the American Com-munity Survey. The ranking member and I had a discussion, I guess, about 5 hours ago on the House floor about whether it is a good idea or not. It doesn’t even stop the survey from being conducted. 
b2230 
All it does is prohibit the Federal 
Government from imposing a penalty for failure to fill out the survey. That results in the fact that people then can voluntarily fill out this form and send it back if they want to. If they don’t want to voluntarily have their privacy invaded by the government, then they don’t have to fill it back out and don’t have to worry about a fine. 
That is what this amendment does: 
prohibits funding to allow the fine to be collected, thus making the survey voluntary. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I sup-
ported the gentleman’s last amend-ment. I strongly oppose this amend-ment. It is impossible for me to conceive 
that we want to run the greatest coun-try on the face of the Earth without data, without information, without knowledge of what the circumstances of the citizens of the country are—how many daycare slots, where to locate VA hospitals, all of the other informa-tion that is generated through this community survey. 
Now, I note that there is talk about 
a fine, but we haven’t been able to identify anybody who has ever been fined. We do know that our neighbors to the north, when the Canadians moved to a voluntary system in their rural areas, they stopped getting al-most any compliance. 
If the Federal Government is going 
to plan in terms of Federal highways, in terms of Federal programming, and a whole range of items that flow through formal grants, not through earmarks, but by knowledge of what is happening in communities, these sur-veys are critical. 
The idea that we would say we are 
going to run this great country, we don’t want any information, we are going to put on blindfolds and just kind of hope for the best when we are mak-ing public policy about education and housing and transportation needs or health care needs, it doesn’t make a lot of sense. It may have some popularity politically, but as a notion for actual intentional leadership for our Nation, to say that we want to separate our-selves from actual information about what is going on in these communities, I think that the gentleman, as right as he was in the original amendment that I supported him on, in this particular matter I think he is headed in the wrong direction. 
I would ask my colleagues—Demo-
crats and Republicans—put the party aside, put the national interest first, and know for certainty that no person would ever—you are always talking about running the government like a business—no one would run a business without utilizing data to understand the marketplace. 
At this point, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Chair, may 
I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Chair, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ), chairman of 
the committee. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, I 
thank the gentleman. 
I want to express my strong support 
for my neighbor and good friend Judge P
OE’s amendment because, again, our 
most important right as Americans is to be left alone. 
In fact, the data, and I agree with my 
ranking member that this data is im-portant, but it can be included as a part of the Census itself. Any really es-sential questions the Department of Commerce can include within the core questions of the Census. They don’t 
have to send this long intrusive and de-tailed and very invasive survey out to every American and subject Americans to the threat of a $10,000 fine if they don’t comply. 
I support the gentleman’s amend-
ment as a further reflection of our commitment on this subcommittee and in this Congress to protect America’s right to privacy and to be left alone by their government, as Mr. Mason and Mr. Jefferson intended. 
I urge Members to support Mr. P
OE’s 
amendment. And remember, if the gov-ernment needs this data, they can just put it in the basic Census itself. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, how 
much time is remaining between the gentleman who is the proponent and myself? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania has 2
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. The gentleman from Texas has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. FATTAH. And I assume he has 
the right to close? 
The Acting CHAIR. Yes, he does. Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, let me 
remind the House that we had another Texan—he was the President of the United States—and it was under his ad-ministration that the questions that were put together in the community survey were developed under that ad-ministration. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
will suspend. 
The gentleman from Pennsylvania 
does have the right to close. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, well, 
then at this point, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Chair, I 
thank the gentleman for bringing up the American Community Survey and where it came from. That is irrelevant. The issue is Americans should not be required to give personal information to the Federal Government. If they want to fill out this form, go for it. Make it voluntary. Fill it out and send the Federal Government all the infor-mation you can come up with about what takes place in your residence. But it should not be required. 
The Federal Government could get 
this information some other way. They could go to polling. The idea that they have got to go door to door to get this information when information is gath-ered all over the country by different businesses not going door to door—the government can do it other ways and not violate the right of privacy. 
I would ask that this amendment be 
adopted that basically requires the American Community Survey to be voluntary, and that the fine that is al-lowed by law not be allowed or not be collected under this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, let me 
close by just saying that I just want to make sure that, because there is some antipathy about, sometimes, anything that may emanate from this adminis-tration, I just want to make it clear 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.201 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3732 June 2, 2015 
that this was not some Democratic 
scheme here to gather up people’s pri-vate information; that this is actually a legitimate activity of the Federal Government. It is one joined in by the Chamber of Commerce and other busi-ness organizations who tell us that this is vitally important. 
I think just from a commonsense 
basis, we actually know as politicians, because when we are engaged in activi-ties that are important, we try to get a lot of information. So we know it is important. It is actually important for making sure that Federal programs are focused on the priorities of your com-munity. And if we don’t have the knowledge of how many people need daycare slots or how many veterans there are or what the other cir-cumstances are in a particular commu-nity, it is impossible to do the planning that is necessary. 
I would ask that we reject this 
amendment and that we continue to use data as a basis to make informed decisions here at the national level. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER  
Mr. FOSTER. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk, offered jointly with the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ), my colleague. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. 543. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to fund any Experi-mental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research (EPSCoR) program. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Illinois and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Illinois. 
Mr. FOSTER. Madam Chair, every 
year, hundreds of billions of dollars is transferred out of States that pay far more in Federal taxes than they re-ceive back in Federal spending—the so- called ‘‘payer States.’’ And this money is transferred into States that receive a lot more Federal spending than they pay in taxes—the ‘‘taker States.’’ This is an enormous and economically un-justifiable redistribution of wealth be-tween the States. 
The payer States can be character-
ized in a number of ways, but most of the payer States are large population States, while virtually all of the taker States are smaller, which means that they are overrepresented in the Senate. 
Over time, Senators from these 
States have inserted hundreds of pro-grams that systematically steer money into the taker States. Our amendment takes a first small step to begin rolling back these taker State preferences by eliminating one of the most unjustifi-able of them all: the Experimental Pro-gram to Stimulate Competitive Re-
search, commonly referred to as EPSCoR. 
b2240 
EPSCoR was started as an experi-
mental program in 1978 with the goal of redistributing Federal research dollars into States that traditionally received less than their ‘‘fair share’’ of NSF funding. 
However, because ‘‘fair share’’ was 
determined on a per State basis, rather 
than on a per capita basis, it has de-volved into just another program that steers money into smaller States that already get far more than their fair share of Federal spending. 
Since no allowance is made for 
whether the State has a big or a small population, the EPSCoR program sys-tematically discriminates against re-searchers simply because they come from States with large populations. The EPSCoR States are hardly lacking for Federal largesse. 
According to the Tax Foundation, in 
a typical year, the EPSCoR States re-ceived approximately $60 billion more in Federal spending than they paid in Federal taxes. 
How does one justify a program that 
excludes researchers in States like Florida or Texas, which over the past 3 years got only an average of about $7 per capita in NSF funding while steer-ing money into States like Rhode Is-land, Alaska, and New Hampshire, which already got 5 times more? 
Why should a researcher at Brown 
University in Rhode Island be eligible for a grant set-aside that is unavailable to researchers at SMU, FSU, UCLA, Rutgers, or Northern Illinois? 
As a scientist, I find that it is not 
surprising that it is very difficult to find supporters for EPSCoR in the sci-entific community. Precious research funding would be far better spent in a competitive, merit-based process as it will be if our amendment is adopted. 
Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
AR-
RETT ), the cosponsor of my amend-
ment. 
Mr. GARRETT. I thank the gen-
tleman from Illinois (Mr. F OSTER ) for 
his work on this issue. I am honored to serve alongside him on the Payer State Caucus as well. 
Madam Chair, this program is yet an-
other example of good intentions and bad policy. What was intended to be a temporary assistance to a select group of States to build a research infrastruc-ture and then exit the program has be-come a permanent and growing pot of taxpayer subsidies. This, of course, is in addition to the permanent and grow-ing pot of subsidies the government has already enacted for the States. 
For three decades, 30 years after es-
tablishment, this program continues to be called—what?—an experimental pro-gram, and no State—none—has grad-uated from the program; yet it exists 30 years later. 
This can only demonstrate one thing, 
Madam Chair, that this is yet another example of ineffective, wasteful redis-
tribution programs that the taxpayers are compelled to financially support. The Foster-Garrett amendment would relieve the taxpayers of this burden. 
Again, I thank Mr. F
OSTER for his 
work in protecting the payer States, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Mr. FOSTER. I thank my colleague 
from New Jersey. 
Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues 
to support this bipartisan amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, I 
rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, this 
program is designed to ensure that aca-demic institutions and industry can de-velop science and engineering capabili-ties that are outside of traditional re-search hubs. 
The partnerships support areas of 
strategic importance in such dis-ciplines as aerospace and aerospace-re-lated research. I do urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the gentleman’s amendment. 
I now yield to the gentleman from 
Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). 
Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to 
this amendment which would eliminate the EPSCoR program. 
For more than 60 years, the National 
Science Foundation has provided aca-demic research funding to colleges and universities around the Nation, and it has been critical to ongoing research that is essential to maintaining our competitive edge in scientific advance-ment. 
The NSF’s Experimental Program to 
Stimulate Competitive Research, com-monly known as EPSCoR, is an author-ized program whose mission is to help balance the allocation of NSF and other Federal research and develop-ment funding to avoid the undue con-centration of money to only a few States. 
This successful program has had a 
profound impact on my home State of Rhode Island, allowing nine of our aca-demic institutions to increase research capacity, to enrich the experience of their students, and to contribute to ad-vances in a variety of fields. 
Currently, 25 States, including Rhode 
Island, and 3 jurisdictions account for only about 10 percent of all NSF fund-ing, despite the fact that these States account for 20 percent of the U.S. popu-lation. EPSCoR has helped to stabilize this imbalance in funding and should continue to do so in the 2016 fiscal year and beyond. 
In order to ensure robust academic 
research and outcomes across the coun-try, geographic diversity in funding should be considered to ensure that we are taking advantage of the particular experiences, knowledge, and perspec-tives of academics and institutions from every State. This amendment to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.202 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3733 June 2, 2015 
eliminate this successful program 
would be a step backward for the United States’ commitment to re-search and development. 
Investments in critical programs, 
such as EPSCoR, are essential to cre-ating jobs, innovating for the future, maintaining our competitive edge in scientific research and a global econ-omy. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
strongly opposing this amendment. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, I 
would ask Members to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. FOSTER. Madam Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel of the Department of Justice to negotiate or conclude a settle-ment with the Federal Government that in-cludes terms requiring the defendant to do-nate or contribute funds to an organization or individual. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Chair, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
My amendment prevents the Depart-
ment of Justice from requiring manda-tory donations as part of settlement agreements. The Department of Justice is systematically subverting Congress’ budget authority by using settlements to funnel money to third-party groups. 
An investigation by the House Judi-
ciary and Financial Services Commit-tees reveals that, in just the last 10 months, the Department of Justice has used mandatory donations to direct as much as half a billion dollars to activ-ist groups. 
These payments occur entirely out-
side of the congressional appropria-tions and oversight process. In some cases, the Department of Justice is using mandatory donations to restore funding that Congress specifically cut. This is money that could otherwise be going directly to victims. 
The Department of Justice continues 
to resist document requests, but what little has been provided confirms that activist groups which stood to gain 
from mandatory donation provisions were involved in placing those provi-sions in the settlements. 
The committees raised concerns with 
the Department of Justice in 2014, but instead of suspending the practice, the Department of Justice has doubled down. It recently entered into an over $50 million settlement relating to robo- signing; $7.5 million of that did not make it to victims. 
b2250 
Instead, it went to a third party. In-
credibly, the settlement specifically provided that there would be no over-sight of the money. 
The situation is even more egregious 
when one considers that the required donation will nearly double the net as-sets of the DOJ-specified recipient. It is deeply troubling for that to happen at the unilateral discretion of the execu-tive branch. 
This amendment takes no money 
away from any organization. It is pure-ly prospective. It ensures that settle-ment money goes either directly to victims or to the Treasury for elected representatives to decide how it is to be spent. 
It is critical that we act. The Depart-
ment of Justice is ignoring Congress’ concerns, increasing the use of third- party payments, even as we object. The purpose of enforcement actions is pun-ishment and redress to actual victims. Carrying that concept to communities at large or activist community groups, however worthy, is a matter for the legislative branch and is not to be con-ducted at the unilateral discretion of the executive. 
This is fundamentally a bipartisan 
institutional issue. There was abuse of third-party payments in the Bush ad-ministration. This amendment is about preserving Congress’ appropriations au-thority. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. I claim the time in op-
position to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair recog-
nizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I am not 
planning on strongly objecting to this, but I want to make a few points. One is that this is something that should be dealt with in an authorizing cir-cumstance, but I think because it is on an appropriations bill, it could have unintended consequences. 
As I understand the plain English of 
what is being said, an administration faced with, for instance, the Gulf oil spill could not have been involved in a settlement in which various entities received dollars to try to find redress for harm that was created in the Gulf. I think that that would be very prob-lematic because there were a lot of groups—fishermen, other associations, chambers of commerce, others—who re-ceived support through that settle-ment. I just think we ought to be careful. It 
would probably be better that there be hearings and that there be an under-standing around what this actually means. I have offered my own bipar-tisan-supported legislation that would create a congressional framework for settlements. I am not opposed to the thrust of what is being said here. 
I do recognize that there have been 
circumstances in past administrations. I am not aware of the instances that the chairman speaks of now, but I would just hope that rather than rush-ing forward, we would be mindful that this is probably the kind of thing that we really would want authorizers to handle and not have it tucked into an appropriations bill at this time. Plus, if you really think that the executive branch is using their authority, the idea that they would then sign it away by signing our appropriations bill, if it is so meaningful to them, it might slow down the passage of our very impor-tant piece of legislation. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Chair, I 
thank the gentleman for his concern about this. I want to assure the gen-tleman that the language in this is de-signed to make it clear that it applies to donations and not to anybody who is a victim of a lawsuit where redress is sought for them because the compensa-tion for them is not a donation. That is actual recompense for the harm that they suffered. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I know 
the chairman is quite aware of how these words, ‘‘donation,’’ ‘‘mandatory,’’ ‘‘settlement,’’ so forth and so on, might be applied and abused in various ways. 
Again, obviously, if this is something 
the majority wants to do, they will do it. I just think that it may have unin-tended consequences; and this adminis-tration, the next administration, and various administrations going forward, there should be a congressional frame-work for settlements. I have offered legislation that is bipartisan in that regard. I am not opposed to creating a congressional framework. I just think that we don’t want to have unintended consequences here if we can avoid it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Chair, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield such time 
as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ), the chair-
man of the subcommittee. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, I 
want to express my strong support for Chairman G
OODLATTE ’s amendment. 
The words he has chosen have been chosen very carefully. A donation or contribution is just that. It is a gift. It is a donation. If the money is paid in compensation for an injury as a result of a claim, it is not covered. So the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.205 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3734 June 2, 2015 
chairman of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary has written this very carefully and very narrowly to address a very real problem. I strongly support the gentleman’s amendment and have worked with him and his staff on it. 
I really, genuinely appreciate the 
good work that your staff has done, Mr. Chairman, in working with you to find common ground. 
This is one of those areas that I be-
lieve we are doing good public policy. I strongly support the gentleman’s amendment and urge its adoption. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Chair, I 
yield myself the balance of my time just to say this is an important prin-ciple, not only to address the abuse that has taken place in the executive branch, but to protect the prerogatives of the Congress on both sides of the aisle. 
These are funds that, if they are not 
expended for the specific purpose of providing compensation to victims, re-lief to victims in these lawsuits, those funds should go back to the General Treasury of the United States, and they should be appropriated by the Congress—in fact, by this very sub-committee of the House Committee on Appropriations—to make sure that the people’s will is exercised with regard to the expenditure of these funds. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BLUMENAUER  
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title) insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for any inspection under section 510 of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 880) with respect to narcotic drugs in schedule III, IV, or V of section 202 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 812), or combinations of such drugs, being dispensed pursuant to section 303(g)(2) of such Act (21 U.S.C. 823(g)(2)) for maintenance or detoxi-fication treatment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Oregon and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oregon. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Madam Chair, 
that is a rather imposing title to deal with a relatively simple concept. 
We have a national epidemic dealing 
with opioid painkillers. Prescription drug overdoses are a serious problem. We find people who become addicted. We are finding that, in a routine mat-ter of course, this drug dependence often leads to heroin, and we are watching a chain of events. 
In Oregon, we found that 15 percent 
of young Oregonians between 18 and 25 abused prescription pain relievers last year. I mentioned that chain of cau-
sality. We are finding that people in this sequence often use heroin as a sub-stitute when the pills get too expensive or the high is no longer high enough. It is easy to switch to heroin. 
It is not just a problem in Oregon. We 
have seen the CDC chart heroin deaths doubling between 2010 and 2012 in 28 States. 
Opioid addiction can be devastating, 
but there is a drug that can be used to safely and effectively treat this addic-tion. For more than 12 years, buprenorphine has been a critical weapon in our fight against opioid ad-diction. It can be taken on an out-patient basis. It is easy to administer. 
But we have seen artificial barriers 
to treatment. In fact, we have made it harder for doctors to prescribe these schedule III addiction treatment drugs even though it is comparatively easy to prescribe the schedule II drugs that cause addiction in the first place, such as Vicodin and OxyContin. And the schedule III drugs, we are finding that there are audits that are taking place by DEA. 
b2300 
Doctors who complete the 8-hour cer-
tification process have been ap-proached by DEA agents in my commu-nity before they even write a single prescription. They report hostile and intimidating behavior from agents who demand inspections of their prescrip-tion records at random, unscheduled 
intervals. As I say, these are doctors who can simply write a prescription for powerful narcotics without having to worry about random DEA inspections. 
We need to allow doctors to treat 
their patients with compassion and with the care they deem appropriate. They shouldn’t have to worry about DEA agents having a super overlay of attention. 
We need to encourage opportunities 
to make sure that doctors can treat pa-tients and be able to withdraw them from the symptoms. And I would re-spectfully suggest that the DEA should focus their efforts on chasing crimi-nals, the pill mills, and the drug deal-ers, not doctors who have worked hard to be part of the solution. 
This amendment solves the problem 
by ensuring no funds are available to DEA to enforce inspections of the phy-sicians who prescribe buprenorphine and allow them to proceed with the treatment of patients without fear of getting into trouble with the Federal Government while helping hundreds of at-risk patients who want to beat their addiction in a healthy, effective way. 
The irony is the powerful addictive 
drugs don’t have as much interference and oversight. The opportunity to have drugs at schedule III—not schedule II— that can be used to treat it is much more difficult and intrusive for med-ical professionals. That is not right. 
I would respectfully suggest that we 
adopt this amendment to correct the situation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chairman, 
I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), 
the chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I thank the chair-
man of the committee for yielding, and I rise to join him in opposition to this amendment. 
Madam Chair, this amendment would 
undermine diversion control and there-by potentially increase drug abuse by creating a significant loophole in the system of controls established by the Controlled Substances Act. 
The amendment would cause this 
highly problematic result by effec-tively exempting DEA registrants who dispense drugs for addiction treatment from being subject to administrative oversight under the CSA. At present, buprenorphine is the only schedule III– V controlled substance contained in a drug that has been approved by the FDA for drug addiction treatment. 
While it is also true that the amend-
ment would not preclude DOJ/DEA from obtaining a criminal search war-rant to obtain the foregoing types of records, this does not come close to being an adequate substitute for the administrative inspection authority. Obtaining a criminal search warrant must be predicated on evidence suffi-cient to establish probable cause that the registrant has committed a crimi-nal violation of the Controlled Sub-stances Act. 
The very point of the administrative 
inspection authority that Congress provided under the CSA 45 years ago was to have a robust system of admin-istrative oversight that would help to prevent regulatory violations before they occurred, and even more so, before criminal violations occurred. This is because Congress recognized that con-
trolled substances, when abused, can have dangerous and sometimes deadly consequences, and thus that the wide-spread problem of drug abuse in the United States cannot be solved exclu-sively through criminal provisions of the Controlled Substances Act. 
It also bears mentioning that this 
drug is highly subject to diversion, as it is a narcotic drug that is much sought after by many persons who are addicted to opiates and/or who seek to abuse opiates for nonmedical purposes. 
Indeed, the heightened risk of diver-
sion associated with dispensing of this drug to a drug-addicted patient popu-lation actually warrants greater scru-tiny, not less scrutiny, than with many other categories of prescribed con-trolled substances. 
So I urge my colleagues to vote 
against this amendment. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I join the chair-
man in urging my colleagues to oppose this amendment on many grounds. It is a technical issue that should be dealt with by the authorizing committees. This is not an appropriate place to han-dle it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.208 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3735 June 2, 2015 
I yield to the gentleman from Lou-
isiana (Mr. F LEMING ), who has personal 
experience and knowledge in this area as a physician, and who can speak to this in opposition as well. 
Mr. FLEMING. I thank my good 
friend for yielding. 
Madam Chairman, years ago, one of 
the positions I served was as a director for drug addiction and alcoholism, and one of my duties was as a methadone doctor. 
This drug is really a new form of 
methadone. It can be applied and can be employed in the treatment of heroin addiction. But at the end of the day, it too is highly addictive. It is a sched-uled drug, and it is abused. So it de-serves the same kind of safeguards and protections and oversight as any other addictive drug. 
And so if my friends really want to 
see this used as an effective tool and not itself become a dangerous drug out on the open market being diverted and perhaps even sold on the black market, I suggest that we oppose this amend-ment and let’s continue the good, strong oversight that we have under the CSA. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I would strongly 
urge my colleagues to talk to treat-ment professionals in their commu-nities. My concern is that we don’t have as much vigorous oversight for things that are much more highly ad-dictive—we see them more abused—and that this extra overlay for something that is less dangerous and can in fact be useful for treatment, I think, is an area that deserves oversight. 
I respect my friends in terms of their 
opinions, but I would urge them to have the conversations I have had with the people who are getting wrapped around the axle with the DEA. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, 
with that, I would urge all Members to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CARTER OF TEXAS  
Mr. CARTER of Texas. I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
None of the funds made available by this 
Act may be used to propose or to issue a rule that would change the Chief Law Enforce-ment Officer certificate requirement in a manner that has the same substance as the proposed rule published on September 9, 2013 (786 Fed. Reg. 55014). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. I rise with an 
amendment to limit unnecessary bur-dens on firearm owners and law en-
forcement officers. 
The Second Amendment’s intent is 
clear: firearm ownership ‘‘shall not be infringed.’’ However, the ATF has pro-posed a rule requiring an additional layer of approval from local law en-forcement officers to purchase suppres-sors and other firearms regulated by the National Firearms Act. This rule broadly expands existing requirements and further burdens local law enforce-ment officers who are already over-worked and understaffed. 
The ATF knows full well that there 
are cities and jurisdictions that refuse to give approval for political reasons. 
b2310 
Action films are fun to watch, but 
they are wrong about suppressors. Sup-pressors dampen the sound of a fire-arm, but do not make guns silent. They simply are a form of hearing protection for the shooter, for other human beings, and for any hunting dogs that are around. 
Suppressors increase safety while 
shooting, allow people to easily hear and react to range safety instructions and to other sportsmen. 
My amendment ensures Americans’ 
rights are protected and does not elimi-nate background checks. It will protect suppressor suppliers; manufacturers; tens of millions of dollars in annual revenue; thousands of jobs nationwide; and, more importantly, the Second Amendment rights of a law-abiding gunowner. 
I urge support for this commonsense 
provision, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. If the gentleman from 
Texas would join me in a quick col-loquy. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. I would be 
happy to. 
Mr. FATTAH. This is the amendment 
relative to trust and gun trust and whether there needs to be a back-ground check or not? 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. This is the 
amendment that requires an additional approval by a law enforcement officers for purchases of certain either weapons or suppressors. 
Mr. FATTAH. Right. Now, in this in-
stance, in 2006, our information is that there were 4,600 of these applications, and then that grew to 40,000 in 2012 and then 72,000 in 2013 and 90,000 in 2014. 
Are those numbers relatively accu-
rate, as best as you know? 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. If the gen-
tleman will yield, those numbers could be accurate. I cannot contest those numbers. 
However, it has been made absolutely 
clear, both by target shooters and by hunters, that suppressors make for a 
more accurate weapon, less damage on the shooter, less damage on the people and animals around the shooter, a bet-ter ability to be safe with your fellow hunters. 
Mr. FATTAH. Thank you, Judge. Reclaiming my time, I rise in opposi-
tion to this. It is clear, given the ma-jority that we have, that we won’t be on a successful vote count on this. 
I do want to make the point, right, 
that the Second Amendment, as it was ruled on by the Supreme Court, says 
that there can be reasonable regula-tion, and so that is our job. That is where we come into this picture at. We are supposed to be the reasonable regu-lators. We are supposed to decide where and when and under what cir-cumstances there should be some speed bump. 
The question here is, for these types 
of circumstances, where someone is going to have a weapon in which dis-cerning that it has been fired, you are going to be less able to do it, whether that is something where someone should have to have a small speed bump on the way to getting it. 
Now, it doesn’t seem like there is a 
major hurdle here because we have jumped from 4,600 of these in 2006 to 90,000 in 2014. 
I don’t know, unless we are going to 
just have a universal access to them, there doesn’t seem to be a major im-pediment. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Because an 
application was made doesn’t nec-essarily mean that the law enforce-ment people dealt with it and approved that application. Now, if you are tell-ing me these are 90,000 approved appli-cations, I understand your argument. 
One of the issues seems to be finding 
a law enforcement agency in the mod-ern society we live in that actually has some knowledge of the individual that is making the request and is willing to process it. 
Mr. FATTAH. Judge, I will just say 
this then, reclaiming my time, that ev-erybody, even those who are not in-volved in law enforcement, understands the challenge of having a firearm in which the sound is suppressed. 
We just had an incident in one of our 
Capitol buildings where someone tried to bring a weapon in. We know that weapons are dangerous. That is why you can’t bring them into the U.S. Cap-itol. 
Making them more accessible in the 
communities and among the people that we represent, if we think that is a great thing to do, the majority will have its way on this. I stand in opposi-tion to it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Madam Chair, 
I only claim time to say that I serve on this subcommittee with both these honorable gentlemen. I want to com-mend them for a great bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.211 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3736 June 2, 2015 
The chairman has asked for time. I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I do want to ex-
press my strong support for the gentle-man’s amendment. It is an appropriate and necessary additional protection for Americans’ Second Amendment rights. 
Judge C
ARTER is exactly right. This 
is the right place for the bill. This is the right place for this amendment. He has drafted it very narrowly and very carefully, and I urge Members to join us in supporting this very important Second Amendment amendment before the House. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. To finish, I 
am honored to serve on this sub-committee with these two fine gentle-men. They have made a great work product here, and I am very glad that we were able to all work together. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
ARTER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act to the Department of Justice may be used to prevent a State from imple-menting its own State laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession, or cultiva-tion of industrial hemp, as defined in section 7606 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from Oregon and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Oregon. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Chair, I rise 
to offer a bipartisan amendment with Mr. M
ASSIE to restore power to the 
States to regulate the cultivation of industrial hemp within their own bor-ders. The House adopted this amend-ment last year with strong support from both sides of the aisle. 
This amendment is very simple. It 
would move our country in line with industrialized countries around the world that long ago recognized the im-portance of industrial hemp as a nat-ural resource, an agricultural com-modity, and a versatile component that is now found in more than 25,000 commercial products. 
In fact, not only does this amend-
ment bring America in line with much of the rest of the industrialized world, it brings America back in line with our country’s history. George Washington and Thomas Jefferson grew it. The first drafts of our Constitution and first laws were written on paper made from it. 
During World War II, the USDA en-
couraged patriotic American farmers to raise it for the war effort. They even 
produced a slick promotional film ti-tled ‘‘Hemp for Victory.’’ Now, at least 23 States have passed laws to allow farmers to grow it, too. 
Unfortunately, the Federal Govern-
ment stands in the way of family farm-ers who want to grow hemp. The sense-less classification of hemp as a sched-ule I drug contributes nothing to pub-lic safety; instead, it robs our farm economies of a potentially multibil-lion-dollar crop that is used to make everything from rope to soap. 
The amendment would simply allow 
farmers to grow hemp in accordance with their own State’s laws. The amendment does not eliminate regula-tion in hemp cultivation; it simply di-vests the Department of Justice and the DEA of their ability to treat hemp like marijuana because hemp is not marijuana. 
So far, 23 States have passed laws to 
allow farmers to grow hemp. Right now, farmers in California, Colorado, Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky Maine, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, New York, North Dakota, Oregon, South Carolina, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, and West Vir-ginia are waiting for the Federal Gov-ernment to get out of the way. 
Because the Department of Justice 
refuses to acknowledge what Wash-ington and Jefferson knew, that hemp is an agricultural commodity and not marijuana, these State laws take a back seat to Federal overreach. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bipartisan amendment, and I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ), my cosponsor. 
Mr. MASSIE. Madam Chair, I am 
very excited to report that, thanks to the farm bill amendment that allowed for pilot programs, we grew many pilot programs in Kentucky last summer; and this summer, there will be about 1,800 acres of hemp grown in Kentucky in pilot programs. 
b2320 
We have venture capital coming to 
Kentucky. I met with two companies in Kentucky that are investing in hemp, but the problem is right now they can only do the pilot programs. Yet they are still going to grow 1,800 acres of it in Kentucky alone. They grow 100,000 acres in Canada. 
It is time to let our farmers have this 
opportunity. We need to take away the restraint that it is just a pilot pro-gram. We have addressed a lot of the concerns that people had last year be-fore these pilot programs. Law enforce-ment are okay with hemp now. They have seen that it is not its cousin. 
With that, Madam Chair, I urge pas-
sage and urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment. 
Mr. FLEMING. Madam Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Louisiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. FLEMING. Madam Chair, the 
cultivation of cannabis for industrial purposes is governed by the Controlled Substances Act and permitted pursu-ant to the registration requirements found in title 21, United States Code. 
Let’s face it, hemp is very closely re-
lated to cannabis. And DEA agents tell us that it is very difficult to detect, de-termine, and distinguish between hemp and marijuana, so it only makes their job more difficult. However, the Agri-cultural Act of 2014—and Mr. M
ASSIE  
just referred to this, I believe—permits institutions of higher learning and State departments of agriculture to grow or cultivate industrial hemp as defined in the statute for purposes of research conducted under an agricul-tural pilot program or other agricul-tural or academic research. 
In short, we are studying it, we are 
analyzing it, and we are evaluating it, but we don’t have the results yet of those studies. I think it would be pre-mature, especially considering the problem with the rapid expansion of the marijuana industry and the prob-lems which I will speak about later this evening with marijuana and abuse of marijuana and the damage to brains of our children and so forth. The last thing I think that we want to do now is to create more problems for enforce-ment for the DEA. 
Madam Chairman, if we are going to 
study it, let’s study it, but I do not be-lieve it is time that we remove these restraints on industrial hemp. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Chair, may I 
inquire into the amount of time re-maining. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Oregon has 1
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), my col-
league. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Madam Chair-
man, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s courtesy and her leadership on this issue. 
Madam Chairman, as a practical 
matter, industrial hemp is not mari-juana. With less than 0.3 percent THC, it is not a drug. As a practical matter, it is not hard to distinguish it, and, in fact, it is sort of a myth that somehow people will use industrial hemp to dis-guise the cultivation of marijuana. They don’t want that. It cross-con-taminates. It makes it a less effective product. 
We have a situation where the rest of 
the world deals with industrial hemp, where there are countless products available to purchase today, it is just that Kentucky farmers or Oregon farm-ers can’t produce it. Last year the House overwhelmingly passed this amendment. We are starting down a path towards rationalization. 
Twenty-three States have removed 
the barriers to production of industrial hemp. The Federal Government should get out of the way. Congress should 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.214 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3737 June 2, 2015 
adopt this amendment and allow it to 
proceed. 
Mr. FLEMING. Madam Chairman, 
who has the right to close? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Oregon has the right to close since the gentleman from Louisiana is not on the committee. 
Mr. FLEMING. Madam Chairman, I 
would just say in conclusion that DEA tells us otherwise, that it is difficult to distinguish. It is a problem for them. They are the ones who have to enforce this. Also, there isn’t any product that you can get from hemp. Hemp produc-tion, industrial hemp is not abundant in many other ways, whether it is paper, rope, or what have you. So with that, it is not necessary. It is not some vital resource that we can’t do with-out. It does create and complicate problems when it comes to the enforce-ment of schedule I drugs such as mari-juana. 
Madam Chairman, I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Chair, as we 
have heard this evening, it makes no sense that industrial hemp is legal to have and legal to use in manufacturing but can’t be grown by our own farmers. Right now the companies that are manufacturing with hemp have to im-port it from places like Canada and China. They should be able to grow it in our own country. 
Please support this bipartisan 
amendment. Industrial hemp is grown differently from marijuana. It looks different. The enforcers can tell it apart. Let’s let our farmers grow indus-trial hemp. Please support this amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chairman, 
I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Oregon will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POE OF TEXAS  
Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for the DNA anal-ysis and capacity enhancement program and for other local, State, and Federal forensic activities for which funds are made available under this Act as part of the $125,000,000 for DNA-related and forensic programs and ac-tivities, unless such funds are used in accord-ance with paragraphs (3) and (4) of section (2)(c)) of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimi-nation Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–546; 42 U.S.C. 14135). 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, I re-
serve a point of order on the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentleman from Texas and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Chairman, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Madam Chairman, Congress in the 
last several sessions has done, I think, an admirable job of dealing with this crime of sexual assault in the United States. Several pieces of legislation have passed the House, under several administrations, going all the way back to the Violence Against Women Act. More recently, under the Debbie Smith Act, SAFER legislation, here is what is taking place. 
We now know because of DNA that 
old rape kits can be analyzed to deter-mine who the suspect was that com-mitted that sexual assault, generally against females, and that is a good de-velopment. 
Because of that legislation, the 
Debbie Smith Act was passed; and the SAFER Act says that Debbie Smith, which grants funds to do rape kit back-logs, that 75 percent of that money, of those grants, will go to actually ana-lyze backlog rape kits. Get those back-logs analyzed, go after the bad guys, find out who committed these crimes, and bring those 400,000 rape kits up to date by getting them analyzed. 
This all sounds good. The problem is 
the Justice Department doesn’t follow the law. They are not analyzing these cases. There is still a backlog. They are spending the money, but they are spending it on other things like re-search rather than what the law says: analyze those cases. 
Madam Chair, 75 percent of that 
money is to go to analyze that backlog of rape cases. 
b2330 
My amendment just tells the Justice 
Department to follow previous law, analyze those cases, use 75 percent of the money that is available to analyze those cases. That is what the amend-ment does. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, I 
strongly agree with the gentleman’s amendment and intend to work with him as we move through conference to address this problem in the way he sug-gests and make sure the law is com-plied with. 
I understand the amendment may be 
withdrawn. Before the amendment is withdrawn, if I could address the mer-its of your amendment, I think you are exactly right. We plussed up funding for rape kits. We want to make sure that this backlog is taken care of as rapidly as possible. I know my friend from Philadelphia and the members of this committee share your concern. We want to make sure the backlog rape kits are cleared out as rapidly as pos-sible and these criminals are taken off the street as rapidly as they can be. We 
want to make sure the Federal law is complied with, so I will work with you to make sure that through the over-sight authority we have got on this subcommittee that the Department is enforcing the law as written by Con-gress and doing so aggressively. 
Mr. FATTAH. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. FATTAH. I concur with your 
point of view, and I hope that the amendment is withdrawn. But I think that the maker of the proponent amendment is correct that we need to move in this direction. We not only want to make sure that the backlog is ended and that we get bad people off the street; we also don’t want innocent people incarcerated for crimes they didn’t commit. So this is where the science can help. 
But you are right that we need to 
make sure that there is specific direc-tion. I thank the Chairman. 
Mr. CULBERSON. And we can do 
that through oversight, and we will work very closely with you, Judge P
OE, 
on this. And I thank you for your work on this effort. There is no penalty se-vere enough that can be imposed swift-ly enough on anyone who would injure a woman or a child. 
I understand the amendment is going 
to be withdrawn. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the chair-
man, and I also thank the ranking member. 
What the amendment does—and I 
will work with the committee on this— is exactly what the ranking member said. In one word, it finds out ‘‘jus-tice.’’ We free the innocent and we con-vict the guilty, but we can’t do it un-less these rape kits are analyzed. So I hope the committee figures out a way to have the Justice Department do what they are supposed to do that Con-gress has already told them to do. Good luck with that. 
Madam Chair, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Justice in violation of— 
(1) the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments 
to the United States Constitution; or 
(2) the memorandum issued by the Attor-
ney General on March 31, 2015, and entitled ‘‘Guidance Regarding the Use of Asset For-feiture Authorities in Connection with Structuring Offenses’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\H02JN5.REC H02JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3738 June 2, 2015 
Mr. ELLISON (during the reading). 
Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read and printed in the R
ECORD . 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Minnesota. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, I offer 
this amendment with the support of the chairpersons of the Congressional Black Caucus, the Congressional His-panic Caucus, the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, and the Pro-gressive Caucus. 
This amendment would prevent fund-
ing from law enforcement agencies that engage in discriminatory profiling based on gender, race, ethnicity, reli-gion, sexual orientation, or national origin. 
It would also prevent the use of funds 
to repeal the December 14 revised profiling guidance issued by the De-partment of Justice. Discriminatory profiling is wrong. It doesn’t help pre-vent crime. It creates a culture of fear and resentment within our community. It is contrary to the core constitu-tional principles, and the Federal dol-lars shouldn’t be spent perpetuating this activity. 
I commend the work of Attorney 
General Holder to revise profiling guid-ance, and I believe that we must do more to close the remaining loopholes in profiling guidance. 
You shouldn’t be able to profile at 
the border. You shouldn’t be able to map people without cause. You shouldn’t be able to use national secu-rity as an excuse to engage in preju-dicial policing. 
And we need comprehensive 
antiprofiling legislation like the End Racial Profiling Act introduced by the dean of this Congress, J
OHN CONYERS . 
In the absence of such comprehensive reform, we should at least prevent Fed-eral funds from being used to discrimi-nate against citizens. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, even though I am not actually in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I think 
that what we should be for is effective law enforcement techniques. We know by every empirical evidence that profiling does not work, and our ex-perts in every aspect of law enforce-ment—local, State, and nationally— tell us that it doesn’t work. So I agree with the gentleman and I support his amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, I will 
close and just say that racial profiling has no place, and we urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote 
for the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. Madam Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any person whose disclosures of a proceeding with a disposition listed in sec-tion 2313(c)(1) of title 41, United States Code, in the Federal Awardee Performance and In-tegrity Information System include the term ‘‘Fair Labor Standards Act’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Minnesota. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, this is a 
very simple amendment which says that the moneys appropriated by the U.S. Congress should go to contractors who deal fairly with workers and who do not violate the Fair Labor Stand-ards Act. 
This particular amendment is not an 
allegation; it only applies to contrac-tors who have been found in violation, who have been forced to disclose those violations based on the requirements of law and their violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act. 
This amendment would prohibit the 
Federal Government from using funds in this bill to hire contractors with wage theft violations. 
Madam Chair, we live in a time when 
it is so hard for workers all across this Nation to make a living. People go to bed at night calculating whether they are going to be able to meet their monthly expenses. If the work that they do can’t even be fully paid be-cause they are victims of wage theft by an unscrupulous employer, I think that the Federal Government should not be doing business with that employer. 
The fact of the matter is that in this 
appropriation, we should reserve Fed-eral money for the millions of contrac-tors who do an honest contract, who provide the Federal Government with good work. Evidence suggests that wage theft is widespread and costs workers billions of dollars every year— greater than the cost of burglaries, robberies, larcenies, and other sorts of problems. 
Wage theft among Federal contrac-
tors is also a problem. Federal contrac-tors are among America’s companies that we rely on to discharge good serv-ice. But that service should be within the law; that service should be hon-oring the work that workers do. And Federal contractors, some of them, cer-
tainly not all, but some have had a problem in this area. 
A national employment law project 
found that nearly one in three low- wage contractors in the D.C. area re-ported stolen wages. 
b2340 
A report by the Senate Health, Edu-
cation, Labor, and Pensions Committee revealed that 35 percent of the largest Department of Labor penalties for wage theft were levied against Federal contractors. 
Now, there are many excellent Fed-
eral contractors. These people should not have to compete with companies that circumvent the requirements of the law. In total, those Federal con-tractors who did had to repay employ-ees $82.1 million in back wages for vio-lations between 2007 and 2012. Despite these violations, many of these same companies received Federal contracts again in 2012. 
The fact of the matter is that wage 
theft is wrong, and the people who en-gage in it shouldn’t receive Federal funds. I hope that all Members will agree that a dollar earned is a dollar that must be paid and that the United States of America only wants to do business with contractors that obey the law. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chairman, 
I share the gentleman’s concerns, but I think his amendment is written so broadly that it is going to have an im-pact far beyond anything he actually intended. 
For example, if a very large company 
like Boeing ever failed to pay some-body overtime on one occasion, the way his amendment is drafted, this would bar Boeing from ever doing any business with the Federal Government. It would bar Lockheed, which is re-sponsible for building the Orion space-craft for NASA, and they are doing an extraordinarily good job in doing so. 
It is almost inevitable. None of us are 
perfect. Everybody, somewhere or somehow, is going to make a mistake. It is just inevitable. In the way the gentleman’s amendment is drafted, the Federal Government could not hire any company that was ever dealt with in a proceeding that included the term ‘‘Fair Labor Standards Act.’’ It essen-tially blackballs any contractor who has ever had any violation of any kind, anywhere, anytime. 
It is too broad. This is not the right 
place for it. You are going to do great damage to a lot of very good companies that have had very minor, one-time violations a number of years ago. I know that is not the gentleman’s in-tent, but the language before the House that he has drafted is very broad and has implications far beyond what I know he has laid out here tonight. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.222 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3739 June 2, 2015 
The bill, as written, would actually, I 
think, wind up with a lot of very good companies being unable to do business with the Federal Government, so I would ask Members to oppose the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota has 1
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, I just 
want to point out that the companies that the gentleman has identified ought to obey the Fair Labor Stand-ards Act. Every company that does business with the United States Gov-ernment ought to pay its workers fair-ly. 
Federal contracts are lucrative, and 
Federal contracts make people rich. At the very least, those companies and those individuals who benefit from those contracts ought to make sure that their workers get paid properly. 
The fact of the matter is that this is 
an appropriation from this year. It doesn’t bar them in the future from ap-plying for Federal contracts again, and if they should prove to have really cleaned up their acts, we can have a conversation about that. 
I am afraid, Madam Chair, that if we 
do not pass this amendment, we will be telling all of the honest, hard-working contractors that you don’t need to obey the law, that you can just do whatever. 
Companies that don’t obey the Fair 
Labor Standards Act and steal work-ers’ wages actually gain a competitive advantage on the companies that do obey the law. I don’t think that is any-thing that any one of us would like to see happen, so I would urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this; say ‘‘no’’ to wage theft. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chairman, 
I want to reiterate, the way the gentle-man’s amendment is drafted, any viola-tion anywhere, anytime in the history of the company would bar them from ever doing business with the Federal Government. It is if they ever made a mistake anywhere in the past. 
The amendment is far too broad and 
far too sweeping, and I urge Members to oppose the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MRS . BLACK  
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to require, pursuant to section 478.124 of title 27, or section 25.7 of title 28, Code of Federal Regulations, or the Office of Management and Budget Statistical Policy Directive No. 15, Race and Ethnic Standards for Federal Statistics and Admin-istrative Reporting, that any person disclose the race or ethnicity of the person in connec-tion with the transfer of a firearm to the person. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentlewoman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Tennessee. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Chairman, our 
Founding Fathers did not mince words when they authored the Second Amendment to our Constitution. 
They spoke plainly and with convic-
tion in writing, ‘‘the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be in-fringed.’’ Unfortunately, this adminis-tration hasn’t always seen it that way. 
Recently, President Obama’s Bureau 
of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Ex-plosives enacted a quiet change to its form 4473—a mandatory document for most gun transactions—that requires Americans to disclose their race and ethnicity in order to complete the sale. What is more, the failure to collect this information is considered an ATF violation that could result in govern-ment penalties for the gun dealer. 
By placing an extra barrier of com-
plexity between the law-abiding citi-zens and their right to own a firearm, I believe this intrusive reporting re-quirement sets up a direct challenge to the Second Amendment rights en-shrined in our Constitution, not to mention the right to privacy. 
Madam Chairman, we all want to see 
weapons kept out of the hands of crimi-nals, but an individual’s race and eth-nicity has nothing to do with his abil-ity to safely own and operate a fire-arm. Perhaps that is why even tradi-tionally left-leaning groups like the ACLU have spoken in opposition to this requirement. 
The fact is the government should be 
colorblind on all of our rights, whether it is the freedom of speech, the freedom of religion, or the freedom to keep and bear arms. That is why my amendment states that the government cannot re-quire gun buyers to disclose their race and ethnicity at the point of sale. It is really that simple. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on this commonsense amendment so that we can reverse this latest regu-latory overreach and ensure that fair-ness and privacy are upheld in our Na-tion’s gun laws. 
Madam Chairman, I yield the balance 
of my time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), my lead cosponsor and 
an ardent defender of the Second Amendment. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank Congress-
woman B
LACK for this amendment and for bringing it to the attention of the 
House tonight. 
Madam Chair, this issue came to my 
attention a couple of years ago when I was with constituents in my district. They were gun dealers, and they were complaining and telling me how the administration quietly began requiring the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Fire-arms and Explosives—we call it the ATF—to record a firearms purchaser’s race and ethnicity. 
This, Madam Chair, is not law. It is 
not congressional action. We did not do this. The ATF, through administration rules, requires the race of the gun pur-chaser, and the seller who is selling the gun has got to check the box and write the race of the gun purchaser. 
b2350 
If they do not do that or they do it 
wrong, the ATF can come back later, look at the records, say ‘‘You left it blank on the race of the individual,’’ and shut the business down. 
Now, there are several problems with 
this new rule by the ATF. In order to avoid breaking this Federal regulation, the dealers then have to ask the cus-tomers their race, and when people are offended—and they get offended—they take it out on the dealers themselves. Sometimes refuse to give their race, and then what is the gun seller to do? Why is our government racial profiling people who exercise the Second Amend-ment? Why are they doing that? 
Second, it is none of the govern-
ment’s business the race of a gunowner. The Second Amendment does not just apply to certain races. It applies to everybody. It doesn’t exclude races and only include certain races. As the gentlewoman from Tennessee has said, the Federal Government ought to be colorblind across the board on every issue, especially when it comes to rights. The Second Amend-ment applies to everybody regardless of their race, just like the First Amend-ment applies to everybody regardless of their race. 
So this amendment would simply tell 
the Federal Government, it is none of your business the race of a gun pur-chaser in the United States. Stay out of that issue. Just as equally impor-tant, you can’t shut some business down if they don’t put the right race or they leave the race block blank. That is none of the Federal Government’s business. 
I would hope that Members of Con-
gress would support this amendment and keep the Federal Government from requiring racial profiling in the pur-chase of guns under the Second Amend-ment. 
Mrs. BLACK. I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. I claim the time in op-
position to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. Before we finish with 
this, you will be able to have a weapon, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.225 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3740 June 2, 2015 
you will be able to suppress the sound 
on it, and you won’t have to identify yourself by these characteristics that are attacked in this amendment, but I want to just kind of set the facts straight. 
First of all, this information has 
been required since 1968. I know people are excited about it tonight, I know there is a lot of enthusiasm about rid-ding the Nation of having this informa-tion, but since the Gun Control Act of 1968, prospective firearm purchasers have been required to record their race. 
Now, sometimes, you know, we hear 
in law enforcement people trying to be politically correct and say, well, we don’t want you to be too descriptive of a suspect in a crime, identifying them by race or something, but, you know, the reason why we have this informa-tion has nothing to do with prohibiting people’s Second Amendment rights. This is about how to track down some-one who has done something wrong, who was the original purchaser of the gun that was used in a crime. 
The information is not held by the 
Federal Government, notwithstanding the excitement on the House floor to-night. It is held by the dealer. It is not centralized in any way, but it is a law enforcement data point. Sometimes we actually need data, we need informa-tion so that if something has been done with a gun that is unlawful, somebody can figure out who purchased it; and you can also clarify who these people are, if they have similar names, similar backgrounds, or whatever may be the case. 
So it is just basic information that 
any law enforcement person would want to have, the race and ethnic back-ground of the owner of the weapon that was used in a neighborhood near you to harm one of the people whom you have been elected to represent, and to decide tonight, well, what we want to do is strip this information away under some pretense. What we just heard was an argument that somehow someone was trying to say that the Second Amendment discriminated against somebody on a racial basis, and of course anyone can win that straw argu-ment because it is nonsensical. No one is arguing that. 
We are talking about basic informa-
tion that is needed for law enforcement purposes that the majority tonight wants to deny from the ATF. That is something that I would hope the ma-jority wouldn’t do, but they obviously have the votes to do as they please. I will be against it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . RICHMOND  
Mr. RICHMOND. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. The amounts otherwise provided 
by this Act are revised by reducing the ag-gregate amount made available for ‘‘Federal Prison System—Salaries and Expenses’’, and by increasing the amount made available for ‘‘Office of Justice Programs—Juvenile Jus-tice Programs’’ for youth mentoring grants, by $155,900,000. 
Mr. RICHMOND (during the reading). 
Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? 
Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, 
which amendment is the gentleman of-fering? 
Mr. RICHMOND. I only have one 
amendment, and it is the amendment to move $155 million from the Bureau of Prisons over to the Juvenile Justice program. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
continue to read the amendment. 
The Clerk continued to read. Mr. CULBERSON. Madam Chair, I re-
serve a point of order against the gen-tleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentleman from Louisiana and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Louisiana. 
Mr. RICHMOND. Madam Chair, I rise 
today to talk about something that I would hope is important to both sides of the aisle, and that is our youth. Here in Congress we talk about how impor-tant a lot of things are: education, pub-lic safety, strong communities, free-dom, and prosperity. If we have a goal of keeping our children in school and on the path to success, cutting Juve-nile Justice programs is the wrong way to go in order to reach it. 
We know that supporting programs 
that keep our children out of jail is one of the best investments we can make, and it gives us one of our highest re-turns on our investment. 
On any given day in this country, 
there are over 70,000 juveniles in jail around the country. This incarceration is not cheap. We spend about $6 billion a year on juveniles in prison. Inter-actions with the criminal justice sys-tem at a young age have a ripple effect that makes it harder for children to achieve success later. 
Students who are arrested early in 
high school are six to eight times more likely to drop out of high school. What is more, children who are incarcerated are almost 40 percent less likely to graduate from high school and 40 per-cent more likely to be in prison at the age of 25. Finally, if someone with an arrest record as a juvenile does grad-uate high school, they are still only half as likely to enroll in a 4-year col-lege. 
In short, keeping our children out of 
jail has benefits to the children, their families, our communities, and to the 
Nation as a whole. This President real-ized all of this when he made his budg-et request. That is why he requested more than $300 million for a variety of authorized programs aimed at improv-ing public safety and keeping children on the path to college and careers in-stead of the path to prison. 
Unfortunately, the bill in front of us 
calls for devastating cuts to these vital programs. The funding level in the bill is more than $155 million below the President’s request, and even $68 mil-lion below last year’s funding level. 
My amendment today would simply 
bring the funding for Juvenile Justice back in line with the President’s re-quest by funding one of the only pro-grams left available in the bill, and that is mentoring. By increasing the role and capacity for mentoring pro-grams across the Nation, we can have a true impact on children in every com-munity. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
b0000 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
will assert my point of order against the amendment, depending on what the gentleman intends to do. 
Does the gentleman intend to with-
draw the amendment? 
Mr. RICHMOND. I would like to 
know what the point of order is. I am just shifting money from one thing that is already in the budget to some-thing that is already in the budget. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. CULBERSON. The amendment is 
subject to a point of order on the basis that it proposes to increase an appro-priation not authorized by law, Mr. Chairman, and, therefore, is in viola-tion of clause 2(a) of rule XXI. 
Although the original account fund-
ing for the Office of Juvenile Justice contains a number of programs that are unauthorized, it was permitted to remain in the bill pursuant to the pro-visions of the rule that provided for the consideration of this bill. 
When an unauthorized appropriation 
is permitted to remain in a general ap-propriations bill, an amendment mere-ly changing the amount is in order, but the rules of the House apply a ‘‘merely perfecting standard’’ to the items per-mitted to remain, and do not allow the insertion of a new paragraph that was not part of the original text permitted to remain to increase a figure that was permitted to remain. 
This amendment proposes to add 
funding as a reach-back to an unau-thorized program, and the amendment, therefore, cannot be construed as mere-ly perfecting. 
And therefore, Mr. Chairman, I ask 
that the Chair rule the amendment out of order. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. S
TIVERS ). 
Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
Mr. FATTAH. I understand the spirit 
of the chairman’s statement. I just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.228 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3741 June 2, 2015 
want to comment that one of the 
things that we have done is we have worked over a number of years and doubled the amount of money going into youth mentoring. 
I think that the chairman and I agree 
with the spirit of your amendment and that it is a much more worthy invest-ment for the country to keep our young people on the straight and nar-row than to try to repair, as has been said, a broken adult. 
We continue to have an interest in 
building this part of the appropriations bill. Notwithstanding the complicated set of rules relative to the authorized and the non-authorized portion, we continue to want to work with you as we go forward on this matter. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I want to, if I 
could, express my support for the rank-ing member’s comments, but I do need to assert the point of order. 
Mr. RICHMOND. If the gentleman 
does not assert the point of order now, then what I will do is just wrap up and ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
Mr. CULBERSON. If the gentleman 
withdraws the amendment, I withdraw my point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does the gen-
tleman seek to withdraw the amend-ment? 
Mr. RICHMOND. I was going to close 
and use the remaining time and then withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is currently pending. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I reserve my point 
of order. Once the gentleman with-draws, I will withdraw the point of order, but we do need to conclude this. We will work together with Mr. F
ATTAH on juvenile justice to keep 
young people out of prison. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does the gen-
tleman withdraw the point of order? 
Mr. CULBERSON. I reserve the point 
of order. I will withdraw its assertion at this time, but I reserve it pending the gentleman’s conclusion and with-drawal of the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman’s 
earlier point of order is withdrawn. A point of order is now reserved. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Louisiana. 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Chairman, I 
would just say I started coaching Lit-tle League at 16, and I continue to do that today, and I continue also to men-tor. 
I would just say that as we look at 
the budget and we try to do things to bring the budget back into balance, we keep leaving out the point of return on investment. And if we continue to in-vest in things that are going to give us more than a one-to-one return, then we are actually gaining a benefit that will allow us to cut down the deficit. 
And then I would just quickly add in 
the spirit of bipartisanship and work-ing together that it is almost like the field of dreams for the Bureau of Pris-ons. If you appropriate it, they will spend it. And if they build it, they will fill it. We don’t want to do that when we have a greater avenue, I think, to 
put our youth on a better path and not only save money, but create less vic-tims of crime. 
So with that, I would just remind all 
of our Members that I hope we con-tinue to work together. And we should really be careful here because the life you save may be your own. 
I thank the chairman for his coopera-
tion, and I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MEADOWS  
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. l. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to negotiate or enter into a trade agreement that estab-lishes a limit on greenhouse gas emissions for the United States. The limitation de-scribed in this section shall not apply in the case of the administration of a tax or tariff. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from North Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
Mr. MEADOWS. My amendment 
would prohibit the administration from using any funds from this bill to advo-cate or support a position in trade ne-gotiations or enter into a trade agree-ment that would limit greenhouse gas emissions in the United States. Basi-cally, the amendment would prohibit the Obama administration from trying to address ‘‘climate change’’ through trade agreements. 
The last few years, we have seen the 
administration intentionally work around Congress to implement its own agenda. 
Mr. Chairman, the hour is late. There 
are many worthwhile amendments that need to be debated and heard, and with that, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. I am not sure this is 
the right place to be imposing on trade agreements. We would be opposed to this. We won’t be seeking a recorded vote, but we would be opposed to this. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UL-
BERSON ), the chairman of the Appro-
priations subcommittee, who has done great work. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I strongly support 
this amendment. It is important that these trade agreements not be nego-tiated in ways that would supersede the authority of this Congress. Any limitation on greenhouse gases should be debated in this Congress and en-acted by Congress and should not be 
any part of any trade agreement. 
So I strongly support the gentle-
man’s amendment in the same spirit that we have got language in this bill that prohibits use of funds to negotiate or to implement the U.N. arms control treaty, which would interfere with our Second Amendment rights. We have prohibited that. We have shut down the U.N. arms control treaty in this bill. Similarly, let’s shut down any attempt to impose greenhouse gas limits on the United States through a trade agree-ment. 
I strongly support the gentleman’s 
amendment and urge Members to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I urge 
support, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
Mr. GRAYSON. I have an amendment 
at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), add the following new section: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, as required by Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals: 
(A) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for: commis-sion of fraud or a criminal offense in connec-tion with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of em-bezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsifica-tion or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen prop-erty; or 
(B) are presently indicted for, or otherwise 
criminally or civilly charged by a govern-mental entity with, commission of any of the offenses enumerated above in subsection (A); or 
(C) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer, has been notified of any delin-quent Federal taxes in an amount that ex-ceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
Mr. GRAYSON (during the reading). 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the reading be waived. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\H02JN5.REC H02JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3742 June 2, 2015 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment is identical to other amendments that have been inserted by voice vote into every appropriations bill considered under an open rule this year and in the last Congress as well. 
My amendment expands the list of 
parties with whom the Federal Govern-ment is prohibited from contracting due to serious misconduct on the part of the contractors. Specifically, the list would include contractors who within a 3-year period preceding an offer have been convicted or have had a civil judgment rendered against them for fraud, violation of Federal or state antitrust laws, embezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, violation of Federal tax laws, and other items outlined in section 52.209–5 of title 48 of the Code of Federal Regulations. 
b0010 
These are all offenses which any con-
tractor doing business with the Federal Government must disclose to a con-tracting officer, but oddly enough, the contracting officer would then be free to ignore these transgressions and award contracts to offending entities, absent my amendment. 
I commend the authors of this bill for 
their inclusion of section 523. I still be-lieve, however, that we can improve on this bill by prohibiting agencies from contracting with those entities who have engaged in the activities de-scribed above. 
It is my hope that this amendment 
will be noncontroversial, as it has been on every previous occasion and again be passed unanimously by the House. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. FATTAH. I am not opposed to 
the amendment. I am prepared to ac-cept the amendment and support it, and I thank the gentleman for offering it. 
I speak even for the chairman in this 
matter. We are ready to rock and roll, so we accept the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAYSON. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HUDSON  
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to treat any M855 (5.56 mm x 45 mm) or SS109 type ammunition as armor piercing ammunition for purposes of chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from North Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chairman, first 
and foremost, I want to voice my strong opposition to the Obama admin-istration’s continued assaults on our Second Amendment rights. 
I ran for Congress to stand up against 
this overreach and to keep Washington bureaucrats’ influence out of our lives and their hands off our freedoms and their hand off our guns. That is why I am offering an amendment to the Com-merce, Justice, Science Appropriations bill that would stop President Obama’s green tip ammo ban. 
As you recall, the ATF recently tried 
to ban common rifle ammunition that has been legally used by law-abiding American sportsmen for decades. It was only after receiving intense pres-sure from Congress and more than 80,000 public comments and, frankly, the direct intervention of Chairman C
ULBERSON that the administration 
stalled their proposed ban. 
As the clock ticks down on this 
President’s second term, the adminis-tration is cooking up more than a dozen gun control regulations and has left the door open to reconsider future ammo bans. 
This determination to unconsti-
tutionally restrict one of our most fun-damental rights and—I would argue— our first freedom has nothing to do with safety or security and everything to do with government control. 
My amendment, previously intro-
duced as a stand-alone bill by my good friend and colleague, Chief Deputy Whip P
ATRICK MCHENRY , from North 
Carolina, would put an end to this at-tack on our Second Amendment rights by ensuring this popular ammunition remains available and not subject to any future ATF bans. 
Mr. Chairman, like many of my con-
stituents from North Carolina, I like to spend time outdoors in a deer stand, in a field, or at the range. I will not stand idly by and allow a unilateral execu-tive fiat to threaten our right to enjoy this cherished American tradition. 
The Second Amendment is not about 
hunting or shooting sports. Our right to keep and bear arms is a right that ensures our ability to protect all of rights. That is why I refer to it as our first freedom. This fundamental free-dom must be defended and protected. 
For that reason, I encourage my col-
leagues in the House to support this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he 
may consume to my colleague from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ). 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, I am 
proud to stand with my colleague from North Carolina in support of this amendment. In the eyes of our Found-ing Fathers, the right to bear arms was just as fundamental as the freedom of speech. The Second Amendment en-sures our right, as law-abiding Amer-
ican citizens, to bear arms to protect ourselves from enemies, both foreign and domestic. 
It is no secret that our Second 
Amendment rights have been threat-ened by the government bureaucrats in the Obama administration. Earlier this year, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives doubled down on attempting to ban lead projectiles, as they claim the ammunition is armor piercing. 
They proposed a ban on the manufac-
turing and sale of certain AR–15 ammu-nition that could have drastically re-duced the availability of ammunition commonly used for sporting and other legitimate purposes. 
Because of the strong objections from 
gunowners and constitutional conserv-atives across the country, ATF decided 
to table their proposal, at least for now. 
Mr. Chairman, our constitutional 
rights should not be left up to the whims of Federal bureaucrats in Wash-ington. This amendment simply en-sures that Federal funds cannot be used to ban certain types of commonly used ammunition, and I encourage my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. They must have some 
special kind of deer in North Carolina. They are running around in the woods with bulletproof vests on. 
The idea that a sportsman needs an 
armor-piercing bullet to go after a deer, I mean, I don’t really buy it; but if the majority is willing to buy it at this hour of the night, it is fine with me. 
On a serious note, for those who are 
in law enforcement, who are out in dark alleys, and who have to confront circumstances that they don’t know the exact dangers that they are going to face, the fact that we want to have weapons that suppress the sound—now, we want to have bullets that can pierce armor and that we want to make sure that are under the guise of the Second Amendment, that you can have all manner of armament, without any type of reasonable speed bumps that might protect the American public is some-thing that I am not sure that the ma-jority would want to take such an en-thusiastic effort around. 
Obviously, they do, and they have de-
cided that this bill is the bill for it, that this bill is the place where they want to do this activity, right? 
I think it is unfortunate. As for me 
and for my side, we will be in opposi-tion, and we will let the majority work its will. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chairman, may I 
inquire how much time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from North Carolina has 1
1⁄2minutes 
remaining, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania has 3 minutes remaining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.235 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3743 June 2, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chairman, I appre-
ciate my colleague’s rhetorical ques-tion. Mr. Chairman, I would just say that the point is a 5.56 green tip bullet is not an armor-piercing bullet. The only reason it has been called an armor-piercing bullet is because of a loophole, and that is my point. 
We have an administration that has 
just put out a whole list of regulations that say they want to restrict the rights of people because they may or may not have a mental illness. They want a whole list, a whole range of reg-ulations that they would like to roll out in the final days of this adminis-tration to limit, to infringe upon our Second Amendment rights. What I am saying is we are not going to stand for that. 
The bullet, the round that I am talk-
ing about is not an armor-piercing round; it has never been defined as an armor-piercing round, but because of a loophole, this administration tried to ban it as such. 
Having said that, I yield the balance 
of my time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ), the chairman. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I want to express 
my very strong support for the gentle-man’s amendment. The gentleman’s amendment is necessary because the ATF did come out with a very broad legal framework within which they were attempting to ban not only 223 ammunition, but potentially whole other categories of ammunition, and that is just not what the statute was intended to prevent. 
The statute was intended to prevent 
specific types of armor-piercing bullets from being used in pistols. The ATF was taking that far beyond the statute. It was necessary for—as new com-mittee subcommittee chairman, I was able to step in and persuade the ATF to drop their ammo ban. 
Mr. H
UDSON ’s amendment is nec-
essary to make sure it doesn’t happen again in the future, and I urge Mem-bers to support his amendment in the strongest possible terms to defend our Second Amendment rights. 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chair, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
b0020 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I would just hope that 
none of my good friends on the other side decide to test this theory about whether or not it can pierce armor, that you don’t take the rhetoric to an extreme here. It is a fact that there is some concern about what this means for law enforcement. I know that the majority would want to be seen, and I think truly is, in support of law en-forcement. 
Why would we want to put this type 
of ammunition in guns that we want to suppress the sound on, in which we want less information about the pur-chaser, at a time like this in our Na-tion I don’t actually understand. But there is obviously some thread that runs through the other team over here 
that suggests that this is the time for them to proceed along this line. I think that the American public will have to make whatever judgment they want to make about that. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UD-
SON). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . COLLINS OF  
GEORGIA  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title) insert the following: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used to provide as-sistance to a State, or political subdivision of a State, that has in effect any law, policy, or procedure in contravention of immigra-tion laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17))). 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (during the 
reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
support the gentleman’s amendment, and I withdraw the point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The point of 
order is withdrawn. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 287, 
the gentleman from Georgia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise today with basically a com-monsense amendment on H.R. 2578. I appreciate the hard work that Chair-man C
ULBERSON , Ranking Member 
FATTAH , and other members of the Ap-
propriations Committee have put into this bill. 
This bill contains many important 
provisions to protect law-abiding Americans and public safety while spending responsibly; however, I want to make it absolutely clear that no funds appropriated under this bill are used to assist States and localities whose laws and policies are in direct contradiction to Federal immigration law and enforcement efforts. My amendment does just that. It ensures that we do not reward State and local governments with Federal funds when they ignore the rule of law. State and local jurisdictions are im-
plementing policies that directly con-tradict U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s statutorily mandated mission to identify and remove illegal aliens who are currently incarcerated. At this point, we even have seen some local sheriffs who choose to follow Fed-eral law and honor ICE detainers slapped with lawsuits for cooperating, for following the law. 
I know we are late. I know there is 
some discussion about this, but really this is simple. 
Hard-working taxpayers should not 
have to sit idly by and watch their tax dollars go to localities that choose to encourage illegal immigration through their nonenforcement policies. My amendment sends a clear message that, if localities implement policies in con-tradiction to Federal immigration law, they will not be eligible to receive funds under this act, specifically Fed-eral reimbursement grants under the State Criminal Alien Assistance Pro-gram. 
Mr. Chairman, this is an amendment 
that was offered and accepted last year. We are offering it again and would ask favorable consideration. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania continue to reserve his point of order? 
Mr. FATTAH. I would like, at this 
point, unless there are more comments, to assert the point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania may state his point of order. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I make 
a point of order against the amend-ment because it proposes to change ex-isting law and constitutes legislation in an appropriations bill and, therefore, violates clause 2, rule XXI. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
support the amendment. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I will at least respond to the point of order. 
This amendment is not in contradic-
tion of current law. In fact, it simply states that the amendment would not allow funds to be used in support of holding up law as it is currently writ-ten. This is not a law that is written to circumvent current law. In fact, all it says is that States and localities who receive the money will actually sup-port current law. So I am not sure what the point of order is actually try-ing to say. 
This was put in last year. It was ap-
proved. I understand. I appreciate the 
gentleman’s concern. But, basically, we are saying if you enforce the law as it is written, which is all we are asking, then the grant is there. If you choose not to enforce Federal law, then that is money that will be withheld. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does the gen-
tleman from Georgia wish to withdraw his amendment? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.238 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3744 June 2, 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Not at this 
point. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, we will 
respect the ruling of the Chair. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
The gentleman from Texas is recog-
nized. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to reiterate that I agree with the gentleman from Georgia. This does not change existing law. It simply states that if you expect to receive Federal money, you need to be in com-pliance with Federal law. It is pretty straight up. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair is pre-
pared to rule. 
The Chair finds that this amendment 
includes language requiring a new de-termination as to the status of local law. 
The amendment, therefore, con-
stitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. The point of order is sustained, and the amendment is not in order. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
SEC. ll. None of the finds made available 
by this Act may be used to negotiate or enter into a trade agreement whose negoti-ating texts are confidential. The limitation described in this section shall not apply in the case of the administration of a tax or tariff. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment is akin to an amendment that was considered just a few mo-ments ago offered by Mr. M
EADOWS . 
This amendment is meant to address a problem that has arisen with trade agreements that has become visible to all of us as Members of this august body. 
What has happened is that the Trade 
Representative, for no apparent legal reason, with no apparent legal author-ity, has taken it upon himself to nego-tiate trade agreements like the Trans- Pacific Partnership in secret—not en-tirely in secret, just in secret from us and from members of the American public. 
The corresponding provision, the 
TTIP provision, has been posted by the European Union, which is our negoti-ating partner in this on the Internet. 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership itself 
has been negotiated in secret, but that has been posted by WikiLeaks, to the embarrassment of our government in an unnecessary manner. 
What we have seen over the past sev-
eral years is that the Trade Represent-ative has turned a deaf ear to our con-cerns as Members of Congress who must perform our oversight functions 
whenever we ask for information about what the Trade Representative is doing on behalf of the American people. 
Three years ago, we had the strange 
circumstance come up that over 100 Members of Congress, 100 Members of this body, wrote a letter to the Trade Representative saying: We hear you are negotiating something called the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Would you please give us a copy? 
And the answer came back: No. We 
are not going to give you a copy. 
For the past 5 years, the Trans-Pa-
cific Partnership has been negotiated in secret. Only in the last few months, Members of Congress have been able to see it under the most extreme condi-tions imaginable. I was actually the first person to be able to see it, and the Trade Representative came to my of-fice with his staff and offered to show it to me, but I couldn’t take any notes. 
b0030 
I couldn’t discuss it with my own 
staff. I couldn’t even discuss it with other Members of this body. And of course I couldn’t make copies or other-wise help myself to record what I had seen, much less speak to my constitu-ents about it, much less speak to the media about it, much less speak to the public about it. 
Respectfully, secret laws are un- 
American laws; secret agreements are un-American agreements. There is no such thing recognized under our Con-stitution as a ‘‘secret statute’’ or a ‘‘se-cret treaty.’’ But that is, in effect, what we have been experiencing with-out any legal authority whatsoever on behalf of the Trade Representative. 
Now, I am not saying the Trade Rep-
resentative needs to stop negotiating these agreements; not at all. What I am suggesting is that we lift the veil of secrecy that has been dropped over these negotiations so that we can’t see them, the American people can’t see them, but foreign governments can see them. 
Why is it that we have confiden-
tiality? Why is it that we have a classi-fied information system? Generally speaking, it is not to keep Americans from seeing this information; it is to keep foreigners from seeing this infor-mation. And here the world has been turned upside down, and we have a sit-uation where foreigners get to see it, but even the highest members of our own government—our Senators, our Congressmen—we don’t get to see it. That is absolutely unacceptable; it is un-American. 
The only way to come up with agree-
ments that satisfy the needs of this country is through an open, fair, trans-parent process. That is what this sim-ple amendment will accomplish. It says: None of the funds made available in this act, which includes funds made to the Trade Representative, may be used to negotiate or enter into a trade agreement whose negotiating texts are confidential. It is time for a little sunlight. Sun-
light is the best disinfectant. It is time for the Members of this body to take control of our constitutional respon-sibilities, not to let the Trade Rep-resentative or any member of the exec-utive branch tell us to stuff it when we need to find out things in order to be able to do our jobs properly. 
Wouldn’t it be a better system if we 
were able to tell a trade representative what we think, what our constituents think, what the members of the Amer-ican public think about these docu-ments before they are simply dropped on us? 
This is a simple commonsense 
amendment. There is no existing legal authority that allows the Trade Rep-resentative to do what he has been doing. I say the time is up and we should insist that these agreements, which will determine the course of eco-nomic history in America for the next 20 or 30 years, are agreements that are negotiated in public with our approval and with our input. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, the 
gentleman from Florida I know has worked in the past as an attorney and represented clients and undoubtedly has settled cases before. And those set-tlement agreements, those negotia-tions, when you were designing those agreements, Mr. G
RAYSON , I know were 
not something that you wanted to dis-close. You wanted to negotiate those settlements in private with your client confidentially, because had the world seen what you were working out, that would have damaged your client’s abil-ity to negotiate a fair settlement with the other party in the case. 
As here, with trade promotion au-
thority, the countries with which the Trade Representative is negotiating, Japan, for example, I doubt the Japa-nese want the Australians to see what the Japanese are agreeing to. That is just common sense. I doubt that the Koreans want the Japanese to see what the Koreans are attempting to agree to. 
So it is perfectly understandable that 
the agreement itself would be confiden-tial until it is finalized. Members of Congress can go see the agreement, but the Korean-American Trade Agreement is going to be confidential until it is fi-nally settled because Korea doesn’t want Japan or Australia or Vietnam to see what they are negotiating, in the same way you did not want your cli-ents, the agreement you were attempt-ing to negotiate on behalf of your cli-ent, you didn’t want to do that in the open sunshine. Sunshine is a good thing, but there are times when a nego-tiation like this on a trade agreement is just common sense. You are not 
going to want the other countries that you are competing against to see what kind of a deal you are fixing to work out with the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:16 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.242 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3745 June 2, 2015 
The Members of Congress can see it, 
of course, as we should, and the agree-ment itself must be available to the public to view 90 days before the Presi-dent can even sign the agreement, and the Congress is going to have this de-bate. In fact, I understand that this trade promotion authority agreement that is under discussion, the new law that Congress is proposing, would for the first time give either House of Con-gress a veto over the agreement with a majority vote. So the House could de-cide on our own to veto a particular trade agreement by majority vote; the Senate could veto a trade agreement by majority vote. 
The only part of the deal so far that 
is confidential is the ongoing negotia-tion, which is exactly the way you han-dled and protected your client’s best interest as an attorney. I am quite con-fident as an attorney you handled your client’s litigation in a way that was professional and confidential, and I imagine you never disclosed a pending settlement agreement that was being negotiated, you never released that publicly, did you ever, Mr. G
RAYSON ? 
Mr. GRAYSON. Is the gentleman 
yielding to me? 
Mr. CULBERSON. Did you ever re-
lease a negotiated settlement agree-ment to the public before it was final-ized? 
Mr. GRAYSON. Is the gentleman 
yielding to me? 
Mr. CULBERSON. No. Answer my 
question, yes or no. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Well, I can’t answer 
your question unless you are going to yield to me. 
Mr. CULBERSON. That is why I am 
asking a question. I am asking you, did you ever release the terms of a settle-ment agreement you were negotiating before it was final? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas controls the time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Yes. And I am ask-
ing a question. 
I was an attorney myself. I defended 
businesses in civil litigation, and any settlement agreement that we worked on was done confidentially. And I would ask Mr. G
RAYSON , did you ever 
disclose a confidential settlement ne-gotiation publicly when you were nego-tiating on behalf of your client? 
Mr. GRAYSON. Is the gentleman 
yielding the balance of his time to me? 
Mr. CULBERSON. No, I am not yield-
ing the balance of my time. I am just asking a question. 
I am quite confident Mr. G
RAYSON al-
ways kept those negotiations secret. That is all that is being kept secret here. And it is actually not secret be-cause Members of Congress can go read the text of the trade agreement that is being negotiated. And if any of us have any sort of an objection, that is a good time to raise it, to tell the Trade Rep-resentative that we think this or that provision is going to either be in viola-tion of Federal law or cause a problem for American industry and we think you ought to drop it. So you have actually got an oppor-
tunity to have your 2 cents’ worth heard during the course of the negotia-tion. So I would urge Members to op-pose Mr. G
RAYSON ’s amendment for the 
same reason that Mr. G RAYSON always 
kept his settlement negotiations con-fidential on behalf of his clients. 
I reserve the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida has 15 seconds remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 30 sec-onds remaining. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent for another minute beyond my 15 seconds. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I object. We are 
limited to 5 minutes and it is 12:30 at night. 
The Acting CHAIR. There is an objec-
tion. The gentleman has 15 seconds. 
Mr. GRAYSON. First of all, I rep-
resent the American public here, not the American private. When I was an attorney, I represented private inter-est, just as you did. Now I represent the public. The reason we refer to the American public as the public is be-cause the public’s business needs to be public. That means no secret negotia-tions, no secret acts, no secret agree-ments, nothing but the public interest in public. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
think Mr. G
RAYSON ’s answer confirms 
that he did not ever disclose a nego-tiated settlement before it was final, and that is just common sense. And here, under trade promotion authority, the trade agreement, as it is being ne-gotiated, needs to be kept confidential. But any Member of Congress can go in and see it and have our voices heard, object, suggest changes to it, as it is being negotiated. And then once it is finalized the text must be made avail-able to the public 90 days before the President signs the agreement, and then either House of Congress can void the agreement by a majority vote. We are going to have this debate, and I urge Members to oppose this amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ROHRABACHER  
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act to the Department of Justice may be used, with respect to any of the 
States of Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Cali-fornia, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Ken-tucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massa-chusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, and Wis-consin, or with respect to either the District of Columbia or Guam, to prevent any of them from implementing their own laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession, or cultivation of medical marijuana. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER (during the 
reading). Mr. Chairman, I ask unani-mous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
b0040 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield myself 2 minutes. 
Today, I ask my colleagues to make 
a practical as well as a principled vote. My amendment would prohibit any Federal funds from being used to super-sede State law in those States that have legalized the use of medical mari-juana. 
Let’s be clear. The intent of this 
amendment is to make it illegal for Federal employees to engage in efforts to enforce Federal law that makes the medical use or distribution of medical marijuana illegal in States where the use of marijuana for medical purposes has been made legal. 
The practical aspect of this vote is 
based on the realization that, at a time of severely limited resources, it makes sense to target terrorists, criminals, and other threats to the American peo-ple rather than use Federal law en-forcement resources to prevent suf-fering and sick people from using a weed that may or may not alleviate their suffering. 
There are many examples—yes, anec-
dotal—in which the use of marijuana has helped end severe suffering. 
Trying to prevent this use of mari-
juana once it has been legalized by a State government is a travesty, an in-excusable waste of our limited re-sources. That is the practical reason to vote for my amendment. 
As for the principle, we Republicans 
claim to base our decisions on indi-vidual freedom, on states’ rights as mandated by the 10th Amendment to the Constitution, and especially on the doctor-patient relationship. 
Don’t bother to use rhetoric about 
those principles on other issues if you vote for the Federal Government to su-persede individual rights, states’ rights, and the doctor-patient relation-ship when it comes to marijuana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.244 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3746 June 2, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. I yield myself 
10 seconds. 
Stop this waste of limited Federal 
law enforcement resources. Stop the roughshod use of the Federal bureauc-racy from busting down doors to pre-vent sick people from using a sub-stance that his or her doctor believes might alleviate his or her pain. 
Vote for the Rohrabacher amend-
ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has again expired. 
Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Louisiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself 1 minute. 
First of all, I hear constantly of this 
idea about individual rights, about the 10th Amendment, et cetera. This was all settled back in 2005 in the Supreme Court with Gonzales v. Raich, which was a 6–3 victory in favor of the gov-ernment’s having preemptive rights when it comes to the drug laws, the CSA. That has been settled. We can claim this over and over again, but bring it back to the Court and see if you can change that. 
Now, how is this affecting us in real 
life? It is now legal in Colorado, but Nebraska and Oklahoma are now suing Colorado. Why? It is because of all of the problems that are developing across the State borders—again, inter-state commerce, a big problem. 
Let’s talk about the huge problem 
that marijuana represents. First of all, it has no accepted medical use. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. FLEMING. I yield myself an ad-
ditional 30 seconds. 
There are synthetic marijuana 
equivalents that are useful—yes, in-deed—but the drug itself, which is the smokeable part of it, is not safe and has not been accepted. 
Here is the thing. It is known to have 
brain development alterations; schizo-phrenia and other forms of mental ill-ness, psychosis; heart complications; and an increased risk of stroke. 
A study recently found that even cas-
ual users experience severe brain ab-normalities found on MRIs and that pot smoking leads to the loss of ambi-tion; to lower IQs; and that it impairs attention, judgment, memory, and many other things. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. F
ARR). 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Chairman, Congress 
needs to represent the States that they were elected in. It is time that we rep-resent them here in the United States Congress to allow medical marijuana laws in those States that have been ap-proved by the voters and approved by their legislatures—39 States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, and Guam. That is 41 
total, the majority of the American population. It is a states’ rights issue. 
Support this amendment. Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Louisiana has 3
1⁄2minutes re-
maining, and the gentleman from Cali-fornia has 2
1⁄4minutes remaining. 
Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ). 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, the 
supporters of this amendment claim that this is a states’ rights issue. How-ever, it is not that simple, not hardly. Drug manufacture and use is inher-ently an interstate problem. 
For example, we need look no further 
than at one of the two States where marijuana has been legalized. The Col-orado Department of Revenue has re-ported that 45 percent of marijuana sales in the State were to out-of-State ID holders. 
Indeed, earlier this year, Colorado 
Governor Hickenlooper said, ‘‘If I could’ve waved a wand the day after the election, I would have reversed the election and said, ‘This was a bad idea.’’’ 
In fact, Colorado is now being sued 
by Nebraska and Oklahoma, which claim Colorado has created a ‘‘dan-gerous gap’’ in the control of mari-juana and that marijuana is flowing from Colorado to neighboring States. 
However, Mr. Chairman, of far great-
er concern to me is the increased avail-ability of marijuana to children, which will inevitably result from a loosening of restrictions on this dangerous drug. 
Though my colleagues may not like 
it, marijuana remains a schedule I nar-cotic because it has a high potential for abuse and no legitimate medical use. In fact, Mr. Chairman, statistics show that 78 percent of the 2.4 million people who began using marijuana last year were aged 12 to 20. 
There is little doubt that this drug 
poses a significant danger to our chil-dren, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). 
Ms. LEE. I want to thank the gen-
tleman for yielding and for his leader-ship on this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, of course, I rise in 
support of this bipartisan amendment. 
In States with medical marijuana 
laws, patients now face uncertainty re-garding their treatment, and small- business owners, who have invested millions in creating jobs and revenue, have no assurances for the future. 
It is way past the time for the Jus-
tice Department to stop its unwar-ranted persecution of medical mari-juana and to put its resources where they are truly needed. There is no way that Members of Congress should tell people who live in States where these laws have been passed that what their doctors prescribe, which could prevent pain, should not be allowed. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). 
Mr. COHEN. I appreciate the time, 
and I appreciate all of the work that Mr. R
OHRABACHER and Mr. F ARR have 
done, and I am happy to join with them. 
Mr. Chairman, Justice Brandeis said 
the States are the laboratories of de-mocracy. That is what they are doing here. Some of the arguments we have heard are ‘‘Reefer Madness’’ 2015. It is over. One of the gentlemen said chil-dren are doing marijuana at age 12. That will show you how good the laws are doing right now. 
If we had more money going into her-
oin and not marijuana, we could stop people from dying, and that is what we should be doing. Tell Montel Williams, who has MS, that marijuana doesn’t work. Tell cancer patients that it doesn’t help them with nausea. Tell people that it doesn’t work. 
It works. It helps. It is the States. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, by the 
way it has been talked about by some on the other side, to be clear, this amendment does not legalize mari-juana. It simply ensures that the Fed-eral Government doesn’t waste its lim-ited resources in prosecuting men and women who are acting in compliance with State and medical marijuana laws. That is all it does. 
It is very reasonable that States have 
enforcement priorities in this area, and we want our Federal resources geared towards crime that we view as more important. Have them go after the meth lab. Have them go after the her-oin ring. 
b0050 
Colorado has had legal medical mari-
juana for nearly a decade. Some in our State are for it; some are against it. It is our right as a State to determine that. That is why I support this amend-ment. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. I yield 30 sec-
onds to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS). 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment is about standing up for states’ rights and protecting busi-nesses, doctors, and patients who are acting legally under the medical mari-juana laws of some 41 States and terri-tories, including Nevada. Congress needs to catch up with State legisla-tures, and the Federal Government needs to stop wasting money busting good citizens who are trying to do the right thing. 
Mr. FLEMING. I continue to reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chair, who 
has the right to close? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California has the right to close. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. That is correct. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FLEMING. May I inquire how 
much time I have remaining? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.248 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3747 June 2, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Louisiana has 2 minutes remain-ing, and the gentleman from California has 15 seconds remaining. 
Mr. FLEMING. Let me say, first of 
all, this whole idea of medical mari-juana is a big joke. It is an end run around the laws. There are more pot shops in California than there are Starbucks or McDonald’s; okay? 
Now, is it really a medical treat-
ment? Well, the AMA says no. The American Society of Addiction Medi-cine says no. Even the American Glau-coma Society, which is of course in charge of glaucoma treatment, says that this is not a medical treatment for glaucoma. So there is no single ap-proved use of marijuana for medical diseases. 
The whole idea about medical mari-
juana is to get around the laws on le-galization or illegalization of mari-juana. But make no mistake about it, the most common addiction diagnosis for young people admitted to drug treatment centers is addiction to mari-juana. The rate is 9 percent addiction rate in adults; it is 17 percent in young people. 
We all know the studies show very 
clearly that the States that are more permissive have higher addiction and abuse rates than any others. We also know that NIDA tells us that it is a de-velopmental disease. What does that mean? It means the younger a child is exposed to it, the more likely that child will later become an addict to something else, like methamphet-amine, prescription drugs, heroin. So if you support this, which is really the le-galization of marijuana, then you are really supporting allowing our children to be harmed and addicted to this ter-rible drug. 
Now, I am all in favor of research, 
and we are in discussions with DEA about allowing it in some way, whether we go to a 1a category to allow such re-search. Some suggest that it may have some benefit for seizures. That is yet to be seen. Some suggest that it may be beneficial to those who have spastic muscle disease, but there is absolutely no proof of that. 
So with that, I urge everyone to op-
pose this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chair, I move to 
strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, not-
withstanding the doctor’s remarks, the truth is that almost no research has been put into marijuana in terms of its medical efficacy. You have epilepsy and a whole host. 
Mr. FLEMING. Will the gentleman 
yield on that? 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Louisiana. 
Mr. FLEMING. Okay. I am not going 
to dominate the gentleman’s time. 
This has been under study for over 40 
years. My university, the University of Mississippi, has been legally growing 
pot for over 40 years and studying it, so it has been studied. 
Mr. FATTAH. Reclaiming my time, I 
know a little bit about this subject. The bottom line is that in terms of its medical viability, in terms of epilepsy and a lot of other issues, there is some need for a real study of this, not just about the way that we have proceeded so far. I think that this amendment and what is happening in the States should be allowed to go forward. 
I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to my colleague 
from California (Mr. R OHRABACHER ) for 
an opportunity to close on this subject. At that point then I would yield back the remainder of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
may not yield blocks of time and must remain on his feet. 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to 
Mr. R OHRABACHER . 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
may not yield blocks of time. 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield such time as he 
may consume, as long as he doesn’t go over 1
1⁄2minutes. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. I appreciate 
that from my colleague. 
Look, our Founding Fathers didn’t 
want criminal justice to be handled by the Federal Government. I don’t know what government you want to have in our country, but most of us here don’t believe that the Federal Government— neither did our Founding Fathers—is an all-wise system, that the Federal Government is the only government that has wisdom to make the decisions for the families. 
This is absolutely absurd to think 
that the Federal Government is going to mandate all of these things even though the people of the States and other doctors, many other doctors, would like to have the right to pre-scribe to their patients what they think is going to alleviate their suf-fering. No, we should not get in the way. As I said in the first debate, it is sinful for us to try to get in the way between a doctor and his patient, say-ing, Oh, no, the Federal Government knows better. 
This is a states’ rights issue. This is 
the issue of what our Founding Fathers had in mind for this country, where the decisions would be made like this. They didn’t want the Federal Govern-ment to have a police force that can bust in people’s doors. No. They wanted to have individual freedom, personal choice. They want parents to take care of their kids. They didn’t want an all- controlling nanny State to control our lives. That is what this country was supposed to be all about. I thought that is what Republicans were supposed to be all about, and I hope my Republican colleagues will start reexamining whether or not they believe in the fun-damental principles of limited govern-ment and individual freedom that we have always talked about. 
So I would ask my colleagues to join 
me, reaffirm what our Founding Fa-thers had in mind, which is freedom, states’ rights, limited government, and 
people making choices about their own lives and being responsible for their families and not shoving that off on the Federal Government. 
Mr. FATTAH. Reclaiming the bal-
ance of my time, I think I hear that echo again about the right to be left alone. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Let me just say 
this. I just wish you would have talked to the very doctors and people I know that have been suffering, and they have gone to their doctor and asked for help, and the doctors have said, ‘‘Yes, med-ical marijuana will help you’’—to be-lieve that the Federal Government can stop that. 
I have met people whose suffering has 
been alleviated. Some veterans I know have gone through seizure after sei-zure, and they were only helped by medical marijuana. If we have a heart, if we have our beliefs, let’s make sure that we stand for freedom in this vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
Mr. GRAYSON. I have an amendment 
at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), add the following new section: 
SEC.ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to compel a person to testify about information or sources that the person states in a motion to quash the subpoena that he has obtained as a jour-nalist or reporter and that he regards as con-fidential. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment has nothing to do with medical marijuana. It was passed last year by a vote of this body of 225–183; in other words, it passed by a majority of 42 votes. 
b0100 
The purpose of this amendment is to 
raise the possibility of a Federal shield law that corresponds to protections al-ready in place in 49 States but not at the level of the Federal Government. 
Again, to be clear about this, 49 
States have a Federal shield law. The Federal Government does not—at least up to this point. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.250 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3748 June 2, 2015 
A shield law is designed to protect a 
reporter’s privilege: the right of news reporters to refuse to testify on infor-mation and sources of information ob-tained during the news gathering and dissemination process. In short, a re-porter should not be forced to reveal his or her sources under penalty of im-prisonment. 
This issue has come up in court cases 
at the Federal level and the Supreme Court level, beginning with the 1972 case of Branzburg v. Hayes. In that case, a reporter wished to inform his readers about the nature of the drug hashish, and he realized that the only way to go about that was to actually find and interview people who had ac-tually used the drug hashish, so he did that. 
After he published his article, relying 
upon two confidential sources, he was subpoenaed by the police to provide his sources so that they could be arrested, compromising their identity and com-promising his journalistic integrity. So he was forced to choose whether he would conceal his sources and go to prison or he would reveal his sources and have them go to prison, simply be-cause he wanted to inform the public about this matter of concern. 
Some of us may remember the case of 
Valerie Plame, who was publicly iden-tified as a covert operative. Reporters were continually asked to name the sources used in their reporting, and one reporter was jailed for 85 days for re-fusing to disclose sources in that gov-ernment probe. 
At this point, under current law, 
journalists are in a quandary—an un-necessary and unhealthy quandary. They realize that they need to protect their sources, but that right is codified only at the State level and not yet at the Federal level. 
So what I am seeking to do, as I did 
last year with the assistance of this House, is to offer the journalists the protection they should have in order to do their jobs properly. 
Freedom of the press is not just an 
important principle, but it is part of the foundation of American law. The Constitution and the First Amendment provide for freedom of speech and of the press. It is completely incongruous to say that we have freedom of the press, but the Federal Government could nevertheless subpoena sources and put reporters in prison if they don’t comply. 
I think that we should have settled 
this issue years if not decades ago. We did settle it last year successfully in this body, but we are here today to try to address it once more. 
Respectfully, I submit this amend-
ment as a much-needed and long de-layed clarification that the Federal Government treats the issue of freedom of the press just as respectfully and just as importantly as the great major-ity of our States do—49 out of 50. 
I ask for support of this amendment 
from my esteemed colleague, the gen-tleman from the Seventh District of Texas, and I reserve the balance of my 
time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I claim the time in 
opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I urge my col-
leagues to oppose this amendment. It is drafted far too broadly. And I would point out that in a grand jury pro-ceeding—those that occur in the Dis-trict of Columbia, for example, are done under the auspices of the Depart-ment of Justice, and that is a Federal grand jury proceeding. A journalist would not have the privilege of pro-tecting the confidentiality of his sources because in a grand jury every-thing that is discussed is absolutely confidential. 
I also, frankly, think it is aston-
ishing that under Mr. G
RAYSON ’s 
amendment a journalist has the ability to self-certify what is confidential and what is not. I certainly agree with the principle of a strong and free press, but Mr. G
RAYSON ’s amendment is written 
far too broadly and, frankly, would not provide protection to a journalist in a grand jury setting. I think he has ne-glected that problem. 
I yield to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), the chair of the 
Judiciary Committee, to also speak in opposition to this amendment. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I want to thank 
the chairman of the subcommittee for joining me in opposition to this amend-ment. 
Shield laws for reporters are not a 
bad concept at all, but this is hardly the way to go about doing it. No State has a law like this language here, where it is so vague that virtually any-one in the United States claiming to be a journalist or reporter—and, by the way, nowadays, when lots of people maintain blogs or posts on the Inter-net, they could easily claim to be a journalist or reporter—would be cov-ered by this. 
So no one intends to have that broad 
an exception that would allow anyone to evade the requirements that they re-spond to a legitimate subpoena for in-vestigation by law enforcement, a vio-lation of the law. 
This is far too broad. It is something 
that clearly should be handled by the authorizing committee, the Judiciary Committee, which worked on this for a long period of time and has struggled with that very definition of journalist or reporter that the gentleman from Florida simply glosses over in this. 
And then, to give further exception 
to simply say that that individual who first claims they are a journalist or re-porter and then says, Oh, yeah, that is confidential, that would breed criminal misconduct because criminals would be before the court claiming that they were reporters and that they regarded their information as confidential and, therefore, do not have to respond to a subpoena. 
This is a very harmful, very bad way 
to go about providing protection to le-gitimate journalists and reporters and 
should be defeated. I urge my col-leagues to join me in voting against it. 
Mr. GRAYSON. This is the same pa-
rade of horribles that we heard last year before this body voted in favor of the Grayson amendment. It is almost the same, word for word. 
Last year, we heard that this some-
how would allow people to self-certify. Well, in fact, anybody who self-cer-tifies falsely in front of a grand jury is looking at a lot more than 83 days in jail. They are looking at 5 years in Federal prison. They would be pros-ecuted for perjury if they claimed to be a journalist and weren’t actually a journalist—a fact that I pointed out last year before this amendment was actually passed. 
I also want to point out that there is 
no distinction between a grand jury and an actual jury for this purpose. Forty-nine States all agree that there is no distinction whatsoever. So it is simply false to say that this doesn’t apply to grand jury proceedings. It cer-tainly would apply and does apply to 
all grand jury proceedings at the State level. 
And there is nothing vague about 
this provision at all. In fact, the word-ing that has been referred to here, that the information has been attained as a journalist or reporter, is exactly the same wording that was in the Grayson amendment last year that passed with a margin of 42 votes. 
So none of these old attacks, these 
unsuccessful attacks, are anything new and deserve any more credence than they received from a majority of this body last year. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, 
with that, I would urge Members to op-pose the amendment and urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk that I offer with the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act to the Department of Justice may be used, with respect to any of the States of Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Cali-fornia, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Ken-tucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massa-chusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.254 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3749 June 2, 2015 
Missouri, Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, 
New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, and Wis-consin, to prevent any of them from imple-menting their own laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession, or cultivation of marijuana on non-Federal lands within their respective jurisdictions. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK (during the read-
ing). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous con-sent to dispense with the reading. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 2 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is not 
an endorsement of marijuana. I have never used it. My wife and I raised our children never to use it. And I believe that local schools ought to assure that every American is aware of the risks and dangers that it may pose. 
This amendment addresses a much 
larger question: whether the Federal Government has the constitutional au-thority to dictate a policy to States on matters that occur strictly within their own borders. I believe that it does not. But even if it does, I believe that it should not. 
In 1932, Supreme Court Justice Louis 
Brandeis described the beauty of the 10th Amendment this way. He said: ‘‘A State may, if its citizens choose, serve as a laboratory; and try novel social and economic experiments without risk to the rest of the country.’’ 
b0110 
That is exactly what States like Col-
orado and Oregon have done with legal-ization and what many more have done with aspects of it. They believe that the harm that might be done by easier access to this drug is outweighed by re-moving the violent underground econ-omy that is caused by prohibition. 
I don’t know if they are right or 
wrong, but I would like to find out, and their experiment will inform the rest of the country. 
Now, the Federal Government has a 
legitimate authority to protect neigh-boring States by forbidding transport across State lines, which this amend-ment protects; but, at the same time, it protects the right of a State’s citi-zens to make this decision within their own boundaries. 
It is not necessary to become em-
broiled in the debate over marijuana. These States are having that debate and establishing their laws. 
The question is over the right of 
their people to have these debates, to make these decisions, and for the rest of the Nation to observe and benefit from the outcome for good or ill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair recog-
nizes the gentleman from Louisiana for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chair, I yield my-
self 2 minutes. 
My friend Mr. M
CCLINTOCK makes the 
point that this should be an experi-ment within the States, and certainly, that is something that has been a long- held goal and value, but we already have that ongoing. 
Today, Colorado, as everyone knows, 
has legalization of marijuana, notwith-standing what is going on with the Federal Government and its laws, and the information is rolling in, and the information is bad. The black market is worse than ever when it comes to drugs. Interstate commerce has in-creased, not decreased. 
Again, as I stated before, two States, 
Oklahoma and Nebraska, are now suing Colorado over the bleedover of prob-lems that are occurring. The strength of marijuana is much stronger today in Colorado than it has ever been. The problems are much worse. We are actu-ally seeing related deaths, accidents; and we have even had an overdose death now with the stronger forms of marijuana. 
Look, if this is about allowing doc-
tors to work with their patients, let’s admit it. We don’t allow, as a society, doctors to just do anything with any patient. We do have some guidelines and restrictions. 
Furthermore, children are the end re-
sult of bad decisions in all this. We know that the more it is in the homes, the more it is going to get into the brains and bloodstream of children. 
Again, I will mention the number of 
problems that are developing from it are growing, mostly from what we are seeing in Colorado. Studies show that MRI scans show, even in casual users, profound brain changes. We see that the area that deals with ambition is being greatly affected, thus, the ambi-tion killer sort of knowledge that we have and understand about this drug. 
IQ, studies show a lowering of IQ. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. FLEMING. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), 
the cosponsor of this amendment. 
Mr. POLIS. I thank the gentleman 
from California for bringing forward this amendment. 
I say to my friend, the gentleman 
from Louisiana, I am actually from Colorado, and I don’t recognize the Col-orado that you are talking about. 
I come from the Colorado where un-
derage marijuana use is down since le-galization. I am from the Colorado where we have driven criminal cartels that seek to prey on our children every day out of business. 
I am from the Colorado where our 
violent crime rates are down and where we continue to regulate dispensaries to 
make sure they are not schools; rather than have a corner street dealer who 
doesn’t care if they are selling to a 14- year-old, we moved that away and reg-ulated it in a way to make sure that minors don’t have access to marijuana. That is the Colorado that I am from. I welcome you to come visit. I welcome you to visit. 
You know what, I don’t have to con-
vince you. I don’t have to convince the State of Louisiana that they should do anything. I just wish that you would leave my sovereign State of Colorado alone. 
Let our people and our State govern-
ment decide what we want to do with regard to marijuana, rather than the Federal agents going around trying to arrest people for doing activities that are fully legal under State law. That is all I ask. 
I am not going to send Federal troops 
into Louisiana to arrest people from whatever you do down there, smoking crayfish. You want me to ban that and send Federal troops down there? I bet maybe smoking crayfish ain’t good for you. I don’t know. What if it is fried? It might clog your arteries, huh? I bet that is not good for you. 
You want me to send Federal troops 
down there? Is that what you want? Do you want me to send Federal troops to Louisiana to stop you from eating fried crayfish? 
Mr. FLEMING. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. POLIS. Yeah, I would like your 
answer. Yes or no? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
will suspend. 
All Members are reminded to direct 
their remarks to the Chair. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I would 
like to inquire of the gentleman from Louisiana if he wants us to send Fed-eral troops to Louisiana to stop them from eating fried crayfish. I am happy to yield for an answer. 
Mr. FLEMING. If the gentleman is 
yielding to me, I would point out that the Colorado he describes does not exist. 
Mr. POLIS. Reclaiming my time, I 
am from Colorado. I know Colorado in-side and out, and we have been tremen-dously successful in reducing the abuse of marijuana among minors. 
Again, it shouldn’t be up to us to 
convince him, just as I don’t have to eat their darn fried crayfish—I don’t want it. I don’t want it. Get the Fed-eral law enforcement apparatus to leave our State alone. 
That is all this amendment does, is 
respect the sovereign will of the people of my great State of Colorado to have innovative policies to reduce the abuse of marijuana. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have left? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Louisiana has 3 minutes remain-ing. The gentleman from California has 1
1⁄4minutes remaining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.105 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3750 June 2, 2015 
Mr. FLEMING. I yield myself an-
other minute. 
What we are finding out from Colo-
rado, we are learning a lot of lessons. One is the way that marijuana is now getting into baked goods, gummy bears. There is a huge spike in emer-gency room visits, children who are overdosing on marijuana. 
Know that if you look, if you actu-
ally read what the media says and what the studies show is there are in-creasing problems in Colorado, not de-creasing problems. 
Mr. POLIS. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. FLEMING. I’m sorry, but I can’t 
yield. 
Mr. POLIS. The gentleman is inac-
curate with regard to his characteriza-tion of my State. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
will suspend. It is the gentleman from Louisiana’s time. 
Mr. POLIS. Parliamentary inquiry. The Acting CHAIR. Does the gen-
tleman from Louisiana yield for a par-liamentary inquiry? 
Mr. FLEMING. I do not yield. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
does not yield. The time is controlled by the gentleman from Louisiana. 
Mr. FLEMING. Back to the constitu-
tionality, we may all have different opinions about this, but it has been settled. 
The Supreme Court in 2005, Gonzales 
v. Raich, 6–3, said that the Federal Government does have a right to en-force drug policies and for good reason because we know that drugs cross State lines. It is an interstate com-merce issue. What happens in one State affects the other States. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. FLEMING. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, 
the arguments we are hearing from Mr. F
LEMING are the arguments that ought 
to be heard in the States. I would re-mind him this measure does not affect marijuana laws involving any conceiv-able Federal jurisdiction. 
It does not affect Federal districts or 
territories. It does not affect Federal jurisdiction over interstate commerce, including the Federal Government’s re-sponsibility to interdict transport among States. 
It does not affect the Federal juris-
diction over Federal land. It does not affect Federal jurisdiction over the im-portation of marijuana from abroad. It only affects jurisdiction that is strictly and solely the rightful province of the States as pertains to their affairs strictly and solely within their own borders. 
At some point, Mr. Chairman, we 
must ask ourselves: Do we believe in the 10th Amendment or do we not? Do we believe in federalism or do we not? Do we believe in the architecture of our Constitution or do we not? Do we believe in freedom or do we not? 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Louisiana has 2 minutes remain-ing. 
Mr. FLEMING. And who has the 
right to close? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Louisiana has the only time re-maining. The gentleman from Cali-fornia yielded back the balance of his time. 
Mr. FLEMING. Again, my good 
friend from California would suggest that, really, Federal laws have no ap-plication, that we should just turn all laws and law enforcement over to the States. That simply isn’t the case. 
Again, yes, the Federal Government 
does have jurisdiction. It is called the CSA, the Controlled Substances Act, and it has been around for a long time, and it is enforced by the DEA and many other agencies. I would just say that the gentleman is just flat wrong on that and that the Supreme Court came down on my side. 
Again, we can have different opin-
ions, but that is where we are today. I would suggest that perhaps we get the Supreme Court to rule differently if we believe differently. 
b0120 
But again, what is important to me 
is not the law. What is important to me is what is happening to the children of our Nation, especially Colorado: overdosages, brain changes, loss of IQ, memory loss, and cognitive impair-ment. 
Marijuana smoke has four times the 
tar of cigarette smoke. Who really be-lieves that we are not going to see an epidemic down the road of lung cancer related to marijuana? 
As far as use for medical purposes, 
again, we don’t have a single approved specific use of marijuana for medical purposes. And for heaven’s sakes, we know that up to 17 percent of people who use it become addicted to it. So the first rule for us as physicians—and I have been a doctor for 40 years—is first do no harm. Well, we are doing a lot of harm with marijuana by legal-izing it and liberalizing its use. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to vote against this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to take any action to prevent a State from implementing any law that makes it lawful to possess, dis-tribute, or use cannabidiol or cannabidiol oil. 
Mr. PERRY (during the reading). Mr. 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dis-pense with the reading. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, it is important to talk 
about what this amendment is not, as much as to talk about what it is. This amendment in no way federally legal-izes marijuana. It does not allow for the recreational use of marijuana, and I maintain that I am still opposed to the recreational use of marijuana. What it does is it simply prevents the Federal Government from interfering in States that have legalized CBD and CBD oil. 
CBD—cannabidiol is how you pro-
nounce it—is an extract from hemp. CBD oil has been known to reduce the amount or duration of seizures in those suffering from epilepsy or other seizure disorders. CBD oil contains no THC, the active psychotropic ingredient that makes people high. It contains none. 
Numerous families in my district 
have children with epilepsy, and they are out of options. They have tried all the FDA-approved drugs, and they sit and they watch their children fade away. And that is their option. They can either do that, they can break the law, or they can move somewhere where they can get CBD. Some have had to move to States where it is legal. They have had to split their families apart to care for their children. 
Mr. Chairman, 17 States—most re-
cently, Texas, where the good chair-man resides—have legalized CBD. These States have made the choice to help children with epilepsy and seizure disorders. Parents who want to treat their children should not be hindered by Federal prohibition. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD), my 
good friend. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank my good friend from Pennsyl-vania. 
Mr. Chairman, last week I had an op-
portunity to sit down with Sophie Weiss, an inspiring young girl from Illi-nois. In many ways she is a very nor-mal girl who enjoys spending her days playing with her sisters, but she also suffers from a severe form of epilepsy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.257 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3751 June 2, 2015 
that does not allow her to respond to 
the traditional medication. Because of this, she suffers through upwards of 200 seizures each and every day. Mr. Chair-man, she can’t read. She is 9 years old. Her 6-year-old sister reads to her. She can’t do this because she blacks out and she seizes hundreds of times each and every day. 
Unfortunately, Sophie’s story is not 
unique, and there are girls just like Sophie in every State and every dis-trict across our country. 
Mr. Chairman, we have already found 
lifesaving seizure relief for some fami-lies. In Illinois, CBD oil is legal and has shown to drastically reduce the fre-quency of seizures. But because of anti-quated laws and Federal bureaucracy, this relief is unavailable to many. 
Over and over again, the Federal 
Government has stood in the way of ac-cess to lifesaving care for these chil-dren. Why would we allow even one child, Mr. Chairman, to suffer while waiting for other options to be ap-proved? If this natural therapy can help even one family, ensuring access to it is a must. 
Mr. Chairman, I came to Washington 
to fight for commonsense, bipartisan reform that will improve the day-to- day lives of the people that I represent, and that is exactly what this amend-ment does. Quite simply, it ensures that States that already have legalized CBD oil can do so without Federal in-terference. 
Helping these families is a reform 
that we should all be able to get be-hind. Regardless of political party, we can agree that the government’s role is not to prevent families from getting access to lifesaving treatment. 
Mr. Chairman, as a father looking at 
these children who suffer from thou-sands of seizures, who literally can’t live their lives normally, is something that we can and must change. This amendment offers hope to thousands of individuals and their families, and I urge my colleagues to help children like Sophie in their districts by adopt-ing this commonsense amendment. 
Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Louisiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself 2 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, some of the things 
that have been said about this are quite true. First of all, it is pro-nounced—I can’t even say it myself. We will say CBD oil for short. 
It is not psychoactive, although it is 
an extract from the plant of marijuana. There have been anecdotal reports that it reduces seizures in kids who have se-vere seizure disorders, so-called Char-lotte’s Web. It is actually on fast-track evaluation by the FDA both for safety and for effectiveness. Actually, the early reports are disappointing. De-spite the anecdotal reports, they are not finding, thus far, the benefits that have been promised. Also, they are finding, in some cases, pretty severe 
side effects. 
One of the things that hasn’t been 
discussed on this issue is, just as we don’t allow people or encourage people, at least, to eat mold in order to get penicillin as an antibiotic for disease, it doesn’t make any sense to give a raw plant as a medication. What we do in health care by using the scientific method is to extract the component, make sure we have a precise measure-ment, fully study it for safety and for efficaciousness, and then we prescribe it under the direction of a physician. 
The CBD oil right now is not being 
produced. It is not in a pill or injectable form or even in a liquid form. It is sort of grown on the side, and people are sort of experimenting with it to see whether it works. 
What I would say to my colleagues is 
let’s let this thing play out. Let the FDA finish its fast-track evaluation. If they find it to be efficacious and safe, let them put it in the proper measure-ment form. Let’s make sure we know what all the side effects are. As far as I am concerned, we would make it a nonscheduled drug. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, may I in-
quire as to how much time is remain-ing. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania has 1 minute re-maining. The gentleman from Lou-isiana has 3 minutes remaining. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I move 
to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
support of the amendment offered by my colleague from Pennsylvania. 
Again, I think this is a similar thrust 
to the previous debate, so I won’t pro-long it. But we need to be exploring re-lief for families in which no other relief is available and for individuals in which no other relief is available. This provides an opportunity for potential relief. We should explore it. 
Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman 
for offering the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania has the right to close. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Chairman, what 
my colleagues are suggesting here is that we just pull a plant from some-place or something off the shelf and we give it to children, something that has not been a practice in probably 100 years. 
b0130 
We just don’t do it that way. That is 
why we spend millions, if not billions, of dollars of research to be sure that 
what we give the public is going to be healthy for them and safe for them. 
You may recall a drug that was pre-
scribed for pregnancy, nausea and preg-nancy, which was approved back in Eu-rope but not approved here, and we found out that babies were born with-out arms and legs as a result. Saving children in America—why? Because we waited to be sure that not only was it efficacious, but it was safe. 
So I would say to my friends, my 
heart is in the same place. I want to see treatment for children who may have severe seizure disorders. We have it on a fast track. We may be months away. 
But I don’t think turning this over to 
parents and others who may fiddle with it and experiment with it, in essence, making our children guinea pigs, is the right way to go. 
There are centers that are doing 
these studies, and certainly children can go and talk to those doctors, get on their studies, and get the trials. But I would again warn people that the pre-liminary results are not good, and in some cases we are seeing adverse side effects. 
So I think we need to stay with the 
scientific method. We need to stay with the discipline that has made us the leader in the world when it comes to health care. We should not depart from something that has been proven right. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 
seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT), my friend. 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I just want to thank Mr. P
ERRY for his work on this. 
I have a friend in my district who has 
been seen on TV many times because they have to carry their child to Colo-rado for this treatment. And I have had extensive discussions not only with people in Georgia who need this treat-ment for their kids, but with the sher-iffs of my district as well. I certainly wouldn’t support the cannabis oil and the use of cannabis oil and those type of things if my local sheriffs were not in favor of it. 
You might be interested to know 
that the Georgia Sheriffs’ Association actually endorsed a piece of legislation a couple of years ago that would allow the use of cannabis oil for these chil-dren with seizures. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, some 
things have been said about the side ef-fects of this. These are not the same side effects as with people who smoke marijuana. This is not smoke. This is an oil extract, usually given with the care of a doctor. It is not some weed grown along the road; it is actually classified in the therapeutic temp cat-egory because the plant has very sci-entific properties. 
I understand and I respect the gen-
tleman from Louisiana very much. When he says that he is concerned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.261 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3752 June 2, 2015 
about the side effects for these chil-
dren, understand children are in hos-pice, they are looking at their final days, their parents are looking at their final days. They take the oil extract and they start on the road to recovery. The side effect is the choice of death or life. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), add the following: 
SEC. l. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to implement the United States Global Climate Research Pro-gram’s National Climate Assessment, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s Fifth Assessment Report, the United Nation’s Agenda 21 sustainable devel-opment plan, or the May 2013 Technical Up-date of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regu-latory Impact Analysis under Executive Order 12866. 
Mr. PERRY (during the reading). Mr. 
Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment prevents funds from being used for the implementation of the United States Global Climate Research Program’s National Climate Assess-ment, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s Fifth Assessment Re-port, the United Nation’s Agenda 21 sustainable development plan, or the May 2013 Technical Update of the So-cial Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Im-pact Analysis under Executive Order 12866. 
Mr. Chairman, this administration 
and others before it have taken unilat-eral actions that push a climate change agenda that hinders our own domestic business and industry. 
Programs such as the United States 
Global Climate Research Program’s National Climate Assessment and Agenda 21 drive burdensome regula-tions on unsound science, such as the new ozone rules set to take effect this October, the waters of the United 
States, and regulations on coal-fired power plants. 
I wonder why do we want to fund pro-
grams, panels, and treaties that create propaganda, propaganda that looks to drive industry out of this country. 
With that, I urge passage of this 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I am 
not going to object, but I am in opposi-tion to the amendment. So as long as the chairman will yield me half of the time, I think we are fine. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Of course. Mr. FATTAH. Go right ahead. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I do 
want to express my support for the gentleman’s amendment. I think it is very important that we restrict this or any other President’s ability to enter into agreements that would interfere with our rights as Americans, would interfere with the laws as enacted by Congress. And that is the intent of your amendment, to ensure that the laws enacted by Congress or by the leg-islatures of the several States reign su-preme and no President can enter into any kind of an agreement. We are not going to subject ourselves to the law of the U.N. or any of these other agree-ments in here. So I strongly support the gentleman’s agreement. 
I would be happy to yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ATTAH ). 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the chairman. And just as strongly as the chairman supports it, I oppose it. Even though I supported your last amendment, this one is headed in the wrong direction. 
We have a need to deal with the chal-
lenges around our stewardship of the planet Earth and the questions around climate and working with our inter-national neighbors. 
I want to commend the administra-
tion for getting an agreement with China around some of these issues. It is necessary for our children and our grandchildren and great-grandchildren that we act as proper stewards. It is our obligation, at least in most of our religious teachings, that we have a re-sponsibility to be good stewards. 
So we can’t ignore even for the point 
of profits. You mentioned how this might interfere with business interests. It is beyond the question of business interests. We need clean water, clean air, we need a climate that is capable of human habitation, at least until we can have Europa as a second exit op-portunity. This is the only planet for human beings that we know of and we, therefore, have a responsibility. 
And the President under our Con-
stitution is the carrier of our inter-national activities in terms of the con-
duct of foreign policy, not this Presi-dent or some other President, but the President of the United States has that burden and that responsibility under our Constitution. 
So I would hope that the House would 
vote this down. I know we won’t. But I also know that there will be another day in which this legislation will have to be considered in a format in which it won’t be just the House majority mak-ing these decisions. 
And thank God for that, because even 
the House majority could be wrong every once in a while, as proven by this amendment. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I cer-
tainly respect the thoughts of my good colleague and good friend from Penn-sylvania. I also want to remind him that we went through this last session. This very same amendment passed by vote. And while we do absolutely have the requirement and responsibility for the stewardship of the planet, I just want to remind everybody here, in case you don’t know, we have these new ozone rules coming out, set to come out, or be codified in October. Yet from this administration’s EPA, ozone levels have plummeted 33 percent since 1980. That is reported from the current ad-ministration’s EPA. Let me just repeat that: ozone levels have plummeted 33 percent since 1980 because of the good work we have done. Yet in a downturn economy where the economy is actu-ally contracted in the first quarter, we seek to force more unnecessary rules that are unvetted by this Congress, this people’s House, on the businesses of America and also things like United Nations Agenda 21. 
b0140 
I just feel like those rules and those 
regulations should come at the vetting of this body instead of by the United Nations. What is good for America should be handled by Americans. 
I thank the chairman for his support. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARRETT  
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used by the Department of Justice to enforce the Fair Housing Act in a manner that relies upon an allegation of li-ability under section 100.500 of title 24, Code of Federal Regulations. 
Mr. GARRETT (during the reading). 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read and printed in the R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.262 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3753 June 2, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from New Jersey and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Chair, I yield 
myself 3 minutes. 
I rise today to offer an amendment 
that stops the Justice Department from using one of the most dangerous and illogical theories of all time, the theory of disparate impact. 
In short, disparate impact allows the 
government to allege discrimination on the basis of race or other factors based solely on statistical analyses that find disproportionate results among different groups of people. 
In recent years, the Justice Depart-
ment has increasingly used this dubi-ous theory in lawsuits against mort-
gage lenders, insurers, and landlords and has forced these companies to pay multimillion-dollar settlements. 
What is wrong with that, one might 
ask? Under disparate impact, one could never have intentionally discriminated in any way and even have strong antidiscriminatory policies in place and still be found to have discrimi-nated. 
For example, if mortgage lenders use 
a completely objective standard to as-sess credit risk, such as the debt-to-in-come ratio, they can still be found to have discriminated if the data show different loan approval rates for dif-ferent groups of consumers. 
To be clear, I have zero tolerance for 
discrimination in any form; and, if there is intentional discrimination, we must prosecute to the fullest extent of the law. The Justice Department’s use of disparate impact, however, tries to fight one injustice with another. 
On a more practical level, disparate 
impact will make it difficult, if not im-possible, for lenders to make rational economic decisions about risk. Lenders will feel pressured to weaken their standards to keep their lending statis-tics in line with whatever the Justice Department’s bureaucrats consider nondiscriminatory. 
We have seen the damage risky lend-
ing can do to our economy. It is truly reckless for our government now to be encouraging those dangerous and shortsighted practices. Ironically, dis-parate impact forces lenders, insurers, and landlords to constantly take race, ethnicity, gender, and other factors into account or risk running afoul of the Justice Department. 
Mr. Chairman, even an accusation of 
discrimination could have a dev-astating impact on a small business. Therefore, on balance, disparate im-pact will make it more difficult and ex-pensive for families to buy a home, and it will result in more discrimination, not less. 
For these reasons, both philosophical 
and practical, I ask my colleagues to reject this misguided theory by sup-
porting this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, this is 
obviously an important signal from the majority to Americans of color, wheth-er they be Asian Americans, African Americans, Hispanic Americans, or Na-tive Americans, that the one thing that they don’t want is to enforce the fair housing laws and that they don’t want to have a circumstance in which, even though the impact of a set of poli-cies means that you are excluded, that somehow there should not be any re-dress for that. 
We went through this debate last 
year. I am going to ask for a recorded vote on this as I think it is an impor-tant indication of the nature of inclu-siveness that is being offered to Amer-ica by the House majority. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I think it is an indication of some-
thing. It is an indication of whether this House is more concerned about ac-tually filing true intentional discrimi-nation or is just creating fear in this area by saying that we are going after discrimination based upon disparate impact. 
It is about whether this House is 
more concerned about making things easier for all races, for all ethnicities, for all ethnic groups to be able to buy homes and to live and prosper and enjoy a new home or make it more dif-ficult to be able to buy that first home. 
Allowing the Justice Department to 
use disparate impact will do just that. It will make it more difficult for those individuals who now find it difficult to buy a home because lenders will not be able to use the proper risk analysis to make those decisions and, therefore, will be less likely to make those loans. 
For those reasons and for the other 
philosophical and practical reasons I have already stated, I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chair, the gen-
tleman said for practical and other philosophical reasons. 
I guess, if you looked at Major 
League Baseball and if you didn’t see anybody of color, you could assume that there was a disparate impact until Jackie Robinson showed up, but Amer-ican baseball is a lot better, and I think that our country is a lot stronger because of the diversity that exists. 
I think the fair housing laws have 
played an important role in at least the idea that we think that you shouldn’t have a circumstance in which, no matter what the set of poli-cies, if you are a different color or eth-nic background, you shouldn’t apply. 
I think it is something that we have 
rejected as a nation. I hope we reject this amendment, and I will seek a re-
corded vote on it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
AR-
RETT ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chair, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MARINO  
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for the Department of Justice’s clemency initiative announced on April 23, 2014, or for Clemency Project 2014, or to transfer or temporarily assign em-ployees to the Office of the Pardon Attorney for the purpose of screening clemency appli-cations. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment prohibits funds from this bill from being used to transfer or de-tail employees to the Office of the Par-don Attorney to support the adminis-tration’s so-called clemency project. 
The President possesses the constitu-
tional authority ‘‘to grant reprieves and pardons for offenses against the United States.’’ However, in the first 5 years of his administration, President Obama granted fewer pardons and commutations than any of his recent predecessors. 
Last year, the Deputy Attorney Gen-
eral took the unprecedented step of asking the defense bar for assistance in recruiting candidates for executive clemency, specifically for Federal drug offenders. The Justice Department in-tends to beef up its Office of the Par-don Attorney to process applications for commutations of sentence for Fed-eral drug offenders. 
The Justice Department is also ac-
cepting pro bono legal work from the ACLU and other defense attorney orga-nizations for this initiative. This amendment would prohibit that. 
The Constitution gives the President 
the pardon power, but the fact that the President has chosen to use that power solely on behalf of drug offenders shows that this is little more than a political ploy by the administration to bypass Congress. 
This is not, as the Founders in-
tended, an exercise of the power to pro-vide for ‘‘exceptions in favor of unfor-tunate guilt,’’ but the use of the pardon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.267 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3754 June 2, 2015 
power to benefit an entire class of of-
fenders duly convicted in a court of law. 
b0150 
It is also just the latest example of 
the executive overreach by this admin-istration, and I urge support of my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. I seek time in opposi-
tion to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. The executive branch, 
the President of the United States, has the responsibility to review applica-tions for pardons and clemency, and this would interfere with the executive branch’s responsibility in that regard. I think that it would also hamper our ability to move this bill to a position of final passage and signature by the President. I am opposed to it. 
I am glad the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania was able to have an oppor-tunity to offer it and air his point of view, but I think when we have a Presi-dent perhaps of a different party, there will be less enthusiasm for trying to unnecessarily interfere in the proper role of the executive, which clemencies and pardons are in the purview of the President; and detailing employees of the executive branch, for the Repub-lican Party that is for normally streamlining and making nimble and allowing managers to set priorities and to move personnel around, to suggest that they somehow now are against this, I assume there is some particular reason, and it couldn’t be anything other than on the merits I am certain. 
I thank the gentleman, and I would 
stand in opposition to the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. How much time do I 
have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania has 3 minutes re-maining, and the other gentleman from Pennsylvania has 3
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I would 
share with my good friend from Penn-sylvania, no matter who is in the White House, Republican or Democrat, my enthusiasm is always at an all-time high, particularly when it comes to fol-lowing the law. 
The President does have the author-
ity to pardon, but not to, as he has done here, zeroed in on a specific class of individuals who broke the law, and that is people who use drugs, sell drugs, made profits from drugs, and were duly found guilty and sentenced. This is just a way for this administra-tion to bypass the drug laws that they don’t agree with. 
This administration is known for 
that. If they don’t agree with some-thing, they just try to bypass it, as they have done numerous times with Congress. But, fortunately, the United States Supreme Court has slapped this administration down numerous times because of bypassing Congress and 
making decisions that are not in its authority. 
So let’s be realistic about this. This 
isn’t an issue of politics, from my per-spective. I do say it is an issue of poli-tics from the administration’s perspec-tive. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UL-
BERSON ), the chairman, if he needs the 
time. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I thank the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I do want to express 
my support for the gentleman’s amend-ment. I am concerned about the efforts of this White House to repeatedly ig-nore the laws enacted by Congress. If we didn’t have this track record from this President who has made a delib-erate effort to evade the laws written by Congress and attempted to bypass them at every opportunity—the Presi-dent has lost a record number of cases before the Supreme Court. 
I believe, Mr. M
ARINO , the Supreme 
Court has ruled against the President unanimously on repeated occasions when the White House has attempted to avoid a statute and refused to en-force it, and Mr. M
ARINO brings to the 
table tonight experience as a pros-ecutor, very valid concerns about granting clemency to a whole category of people rather than as in the case of a pardon, which is on an individual basis. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding 
me the time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Reclaiming my time, 
we have, and it must be just inherent for politicians, selective amnesia. We kind of remember what we want to re-member, and we forget what we want to forget. 
Now, it has been uttered on the floor 
of the House that no President has done some broad swath of clemencies or pardons. Well, it was President Ford who offered and President Carter who 
implemented a clemency or amnesty for hundreds of thousands of people who had evaded the draft during the Vietnam war. 
This has nothing to do with the im-
plementation of the laws set by our Congress. This right to the Presidency of pardons and clemency is given in the Constitution. The point here is that it is just another effort, this consistent drumbeat about our President. 
This will not be the law at the end of 
the day when this bill is passed. I op-pose it, and there is no President that is going to sign away their executive authority. It would diminish the power of the Presidency. And perhaps for the majority if they were to gain this Pres-idency again—and I am sure they will on some election—they wouldn’t want to diminish the power of the Presi-dency. I think it is just ill-fated and it is focused at a particular effort at this moment, but it does not represent a historical fact that a President has not provided broad exemption or clemency or pardons in our past. I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. MARINO. How much time do I 
have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania has 1
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. MARINO. I am sure in my re-
marks my colleague is not referring to any comment that I made that no other President has done something of this nature. I came to Congress in 2011. Really, my concern is what is hap-pening with this administration, not past administrations. I am dwelling on the future and the rule of law. 
It is very clear what this administra-
tion is doing when it comes to the rule of law or the lack of rule of law. Once again, this administration does not like the drug laws. It has a very dif-ficult time with the criminal laws that are on the books. 
I was a prosecutor for 18 years at the 
State level and the Federal level. I have seen what takes place concerning drugs. I have put people in prison for selling drugs; I have put people in pris-on for hurting people who they sell drugs to; and I have taken the position where some people did not deserve to go to prison based on several factors. But the individuals that I sent to pris-on, and I think, overwhelmingly, ac-cording to the criteria that this admin-istration has set, they are talking about individuals that have a sentence of 10 years or less, that is quite a sen-tence to pardon, because those individ-uals who have been sent to prison, in my experience, for 5 and 6 and 10 years 
are major drug dealers. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . AUSTIN SCOTT OF  
GEORGIA  
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, insert: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to enforce: 
1) Amendment 40 to the Fishery Manage-
ment Plan for the Reef Fish Resources of the Gulf of Mexico published in the Federal Reg-ister on April 22, 2015 or any other effort of the same substance, or 
2) Red Snapper Management Measures pub-
lished in the Federal Register on May 1, 2015 or any other effort of the same substance that establishes an–4 annual catch limits or annual catch targets for Red Snapper that would result in the commercial fishing for Red Snapper in the federal waters of the Gulf of Mexico lasting longer than five times the number of days recreational fishers are al-lowed to catch and retain at least two such fish each day in such federal waters. 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia (dur-
ing the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unan-imous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:16 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.269 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3755 June 2, 2015 
There was no objection. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 287, the gentleman from Georgia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Chair, first I would like to thank the Parliamentarians for helping us work with this language. I would like to es-pecially thank both the majority and the minority staff for giving me the courtesy of presenting this. I know it is late, and we certainly hoped to close by 2 a.m. 
It is the third day of what has been 
designated as the 10-day red snapper season for a man or woman who simply wants to take their child fishing in the Gulf of Mexico. 
b0200 
The commercial fishermen get to fish 
365 days a year. The charter boat an-glers get to fish 45 days a year. 
What this amendment does is it says 
that the National Fisheries Service cannot enforce a rule that was adopted that is, quite honestly, probably going to court. And then it says that as they go forward and they pass the rules in the future, the recreational fishermen should receive at least 20 percent of the number of days as the commercial fish-erman does with regard to the red snapper in the Gulf of Mexico. 
That is effectively what it does. It 
still allows them to set the seasons. It does have some restriction in that they just can’t take from the recreational fishermen. They have to give the rec-reational not-for-hire and for-hire 20 percent of the number of calendar days that they give the commercial fisher-men to fish for red snapper in the Gulf of Mexico. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Georgia because I need to ask a question about this. 
You say that the commercial catch 
limits for fishing days are 360 days a year? And I yield to the gentleman. 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Yes, 
sir. They can fish year-round for red snapper. It is different for different species. This is tailored specifically to this species. 
Mr. FATTAH. Reclaiming my time, 
we are talking red snapper, right? I yield to the gentleman. 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Yes, 
sir. 
Mr. FATTAH. But for the rec-
reational fisherman, taking your sons out to fish for the day, there is a limit of 10 days? 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Yes, 
sir. This is the third day of the 10-day season for the Federal waters for the recreational fishermen in the Gulf of Mexico. Mr. FATTAH. Reclaiming my time, 
in spirit, I support this. I don’t know what the unintended consequences are. So I would be prepared to accept it, as long as we can dig into it and make sure there are no unintended cir-cumstances. 
I know this is a very parochial mat-
ter. I think you should be able to take your kid out fishing. I don’t think that profit is the only motivator in the world. I don’t know why it would be so arbitrary a cut line. 
At this point I would like to work 
with the chairman on this. I would be prepared to accept it at this time. If we find some major problem with it, we will jump up and down about it then. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. FATTAH. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. CULBERSON. I completely 
agree, and I join my ranking member in accepting this amendment and working with you. If there is some-thing we didn’t spot or anticipate, we will work it out. But I think the gen-tleman has got a good amendment, and I would agree, I would recommend we would accept it. 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I would like to say that as a dad, honestly, I would like to say thank you for doing this. And cer-tainly, if there are unintended con-sequences, I would look forward to working with you to resolve those un-intended consequences. 
Again, as a father of a son named 
Wells and a daughter named Carmen and a lovely wife named Vivien, I just want to say thank you. 
Mr. FATTAH. My wife is a fly fisher. 
We are not doing red snapper. But I un-derstand the spirit of it, and we will take it at that, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN  
SCOTT). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I 
move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana) having assumed 
the chair, Mr. S TIVERS , Acting Chair of 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 2578) making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. H
UDSON (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today until 6:45 p.m. on 
account of attending a funeral. ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2048. An act to reform the authorities 
of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, con-duct electronic surveillance, use pen reg-isters and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for for-eign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
The Speaker announced his signature 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 802. An act to authorize the Secretary of 
State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 2 o’clock and 5 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until today, June 3, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1672. A letter from the Acting Director, De-
fense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, OUSD (AT&L) DPAP/DARS, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Offset Costs (DFARS Case 2015-D028) (RIN: 0750-AI59) re-ceived June 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1673. A letter from the Chair, Board of Gov-
ernors of the Federal Reserve System, trans-mitting the twenty-fifth ‘‘Report to the Con-gress on the Profitability of Credit Card Op-erations of Depository Institutions’’, pursu-ant to Sec. 8 of the Fair Credit and Charge Card Disclosure Act of 1988; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
1674. A letter from the Chairman and Presi-
dent, Export-Import Bank, transmitting a statement, pursuant to Sec. 2(b)(3) of the Ex-port-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended, on a transaction involving Emirates Airlines of Dubai, United Arab Emirates; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
1675. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the ‘‘2014 An-nual Report to the Congress on the Native Hawaiian Revolving Loan Fund’’, pursuant to Sec. 803A of the Native American Pro-grams Act of 1974, as amended; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
1676. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Em-ployer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Pay-ing Benefits received June 1, 2015, pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02JN7.272 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3756 June 2, 2015 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on 
Education and the Workforce. 
1677. A letter from the Deputy Bureau 
Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Local Number Portability Porting Interval and Validation Requirements, Telephone Number Port-ability, Numbering Resource Optimization [WC Docket No.: 07-244] [CC Docket No.: 95- 116] [CC Docket No.: 99-200] received June 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1678. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Japan, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, Pub. L. 94-329, Transmittal No.: 15- 35; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1679. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Updated Statements of Legal Authority for the Export Administration Regulations [Docket No.: 150511438-5438-01] (RIN: 0694- AG62) received June 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
1680. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Russian Sanctions: Revisions and Clarifica-tions for Licensing Policy for the Crimea Re-gion of Ukraine [Docket No.: 150302205-5205- 01] (RIN: 0694-AG54) received June 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1681. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-014; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1682. A letter from the Acting Adminis-
trator, Agency for International Develop-ment, transmitting the Office of Inspector General’s Semiannual Report to the Con-gress for the period ending March 31, 2015, pursuant to Sec. 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, Pub. L. 95-452; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1683. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, Air force, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1684. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Government Relations, Corporation For Na-tional and Community Service, transmitting the Inspector General’s Semiannual Report to Congress along with the Corporation for National and Community Service’s Report on Final Action, pursuant to Sec. 5 of the In-spector General Act of 1978, as amended, Pub. L. 95-452; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
1685. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Agriculture, transmitting the In-spector General’s Semiannual Report to Con-gress covering the 6-month period that ended March 31, 2015, pursuant to Sec. 5 of the In-spector General Act of 1978, as amended, Pub. L. 95-452; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
1686. A letter from the Inspector General, 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final report, entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Met Many Requirements of the Improper Payments Information Act of 2002 but Did Not Fully Comply for Fiscal Year 2014’’, pursuant to the Improper Pay-ments Information Act of 2002 (Public Law 
107-300), as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1687. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the semiannual report of the Inspector General for the period October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015, pursuant to Section 5(a) of the In-spector General Act of 1978, as amended (Pub. L. 95-452); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
1688. A letter from the Director, Congres-
sional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting the Federal Election Commis-sion Inspector General’s Semiannual Report to Congress during the reporting period of October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
1689. A letter from the Chairman, Federal 
Maritime Commission, transmitting the In-spector General’s Semiannual Report to Con-gress for the period October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended (Pub. L. 95-452); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
1690. A letter from the Acting Adminis-
trator, General Services Administration, transmitting the ‘‘Administrator’s Semi-annual Management Report to the Congress’’ for the period of October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015, pursuant to Sec. 5 of the In-spector General Act of 1978, as amended, Pub. L. 95-452; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
1691. A letter from the Chairman, National 
Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Inspector General’s semiannual report for October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978, as amended (Pub. L. 95-452); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
1692. A letter from the Auditor, Office of 
the District of Columbia Auditor, transmit-ting a report entitled, ‘‘ANC 7F Did Not Fully Comply with the ANC Act’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1693. A letter from the Chairman, Railroad 
Retirement Board, transmitting the Office of Inspector General’s Semiannual Report to the appropriate committees of the Congress, for the period October 1, 2014, through March 30, 2015, pursuant to Sec. 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, Pub. L. 95- 452; to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform. 
1694. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s determination on a petition filed on behalf of workers who were employed at Grand Junction Facilities site in Grand Junction, Colorado, to be added to the Special Exposure Cohort, pursuant to the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 and 42 C.F.R. pt. 83; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
1695. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s determination on a petition filed on behalf of workers who were employed at the Hanford site in Rich-land, Washington, to be added to the Special Exposure Cohort, pursuant to the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensa-tion Program Act of 2000 and 42 C.F.R. pt. 83; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
1696. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting a report on the activities of the Department regard-ing pre-1970 racially motivated homicides, pursuant to the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Act of 2007; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 1697. A letter from the Director, Mitigation 
Division, FEMA Region V, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a letter re-garding the Troy Local Flood Protection Project (Section R1); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1698. A letter from the Program Manager, 
Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the General Counsel (02REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Grants for Adaptive Sports Programs for Disabled Veterans and Disabled Members of the Armed Forces (RIN: 2900-AP07) received June 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 288. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2289) to re-authorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, to better protect futures cus-tomers, to provide end-users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and accountability at the Com-mission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end- users manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 136). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: 
H.R. 2602. A bill to enhance enforcement of 
laws related to cybercrimes against persons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BARR (for himself and Mr. R
OE 
of Tennessee): 
H.R. 2603. A bill to provide for the creation 
of a safe harbor for defendants in medical malpractice actions who demonstrate adher-ence to clinical practice guidelines; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself 
and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia): 
H.R. 2604. A bill to improve and reauthorize 
provisions relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: 
H.R. 2605. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the supervision of fi-duciaries of veterans under the laws adminis-tered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mrs. HARTZLER (for herself, Mr. 
S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. I SSA, Mr. 
HENSARLING , and Mr. R OKITA ): 
H.R. 2606. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to discontinue funding for land-scaping and scenic enhancement; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself, Ms. 
C
LARKE of New York, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
HIGGINS , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. S EAN PAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02JN7.000 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3757 June 2, 2015 
MEEKS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, and Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ ): 
H.R. 2607. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 7802 37th Avenue in Jackson Heights, New York, as the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. 
COLE, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Ms. E STY, and Ms. K USTER ): 
H.R. 2608. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow manufacturing businesses to establish tax-free manufac-turing reinvestment accounts to assist them in providing for new equipment and facilities and workforce training; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for 
himself and Mrs. H
ARTZLER ): 
H.R. 2609. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to repeal the transportation al-ternatives program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. C
UM-
MINGS , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. H URD of 
Texas, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. 
BUCK, Ms. G RAHAM , Mrs. B ROOKS of 
Indiana, and Ms. M CSALLY ): 
H.R. 2610. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to redesign Federal reserve notes so as to include a likeness of Harriet Tubman, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mrs. LUMMIS: 
H.R. 2611. A bill to amend the Arms Export 
Control Act to provide that certain firearms listed as curios or relics may be imported into the United States by a licensed im-porter without obtaining authorization from the Department of State or the Department of Defense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself, Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Mr. L YNCH , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-
nois, Ms. E STY, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. C UM-
MINGS ): 
H.R. 2612. A bill to authorize the appropria-
tion of funds to the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention for conducting or sup-porting research on firearms safety or gun violence prevention; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself, Ms. C
LARK of 
Massachusetts, and Mr. D ESAULNIER ): 
H.R. 2613. A bill to provide for the develop-
ment and use of technology for personalized handguns, to require that all handguns man-ufactured or sold in, or imported into, the United States incorporate such technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: 
H.R. 2614. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for an expert advisory panel regarding relative value scale process used under the Medicare physician fee schedule, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. PLASKETT: 
H.R. 2615. A bill to establish the Virgin Is-
lands of the United States Centennial Com-mission; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Ms. 
N
ORTON , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. P AYNE ): 
H.R. 2616. A bill to direct the Adminis-
trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a study on urban flooding, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: 
H.R. 2617. A bill to amend the Fair Min-
imum Wage Act of 2007 to postpone a sched-uled increase in the minimum wage applica-ble to American Samoa; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. ROSS: 
H.R. 2618. A bill to amend the Employee 
Polygraph Protection Act of 1988 to provide an exemption from the protections of that Act with regard to certain prospective em-ployees whose job would include caring for or interacting with children; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. 
E
LLISON , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. 
RUSH): 
H.R. 2619. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a tax credit to Patriot employers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia (for 
himself, Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Geor-
gia, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , and Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia): 
H.R. 2620. A bill to amend the United 
States Cotton Futures Act to exclude certain cotton futures contracts from coverage under such Act; to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self and Mr. L
IPINSKI ): 
H.R. 2621. A bill to impose sanctions 
against individuals who are nationals of the People’s Republic of China who are respon-sible for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights committed against other individuals in the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. TONKO: 
H.R. 2622. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to establish a registry of certain veterans who were stationed at Fort McClellan, Alabama, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of California, Ms. E STY, 
and Mrs. C APPS ): 
H. Res. 289. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that gun violence is a public health issue and Congress should enact by the end of the 114th Congress comprehensive Federal legislation that protects the Second Amendment and keeps communities safe and healthy, includ-ing expanding enforceable background 
checks for all commercial gun sales, improv-ing the mental health system in the United States, and making gun trafficking and straw purchasing a Federal crime; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PITTS (for himself and Ms. 
J
ACKSON LEE): 
H. Res. 290. A resolution calling for the 
global repeal of blasphemy laws; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. PLASKETT: 
H. Res. 291. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Postal Service should issue a commemorative stamp commemo-rating the 100th Anniversary of the purchase of the territories known as the Virgin Is-lands of the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of Rule XII, memo-
rials were presented and referred as fol-lows: 
36. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of 
the Legislature of the State of Arizona, rel-ative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 1019, commending Israel for its cordial and mutually beneficial relationship with the United States; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
37. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Arizona, relative to House Con-current Memorial No. 2005, urging the United States Government to immediately and not later than December 31, 2019 dispose of the public lands within Arizona’s borders di-rectly to the State of Arizona; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
38. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Con-current Memorial 1001, urging the Congress to oppose the designation of the Grand Can-yon Watershed National Monument in Northern Arizona; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
39. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the State of Michigan, rel-ative to House Resolution No. 9, urging the President to allow an additional 25,000 ref-ugee visas for displaced Iraqis, with pref-erence for placement in Michigan; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
40. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Con-current Memorial 1002, urging the Congress to enact legislation that confirms that state law determines the entire scope of R.S. 2477 Right-of-Way; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: 
H.R. 2602. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. BARR: 
H.R. 2603. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02JN7.100 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3758 June 2, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. Article III, Section 1. Article III, Section 2, Clause 1. 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas: 
H.R. 2604. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: 
H.R. 2605. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mrs. HARTZLER: 
H.R. 2606. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I: Section 8: Clause 3 The United 
States Congress shall have power 
‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. CROWLEY: 
H.R. 2607. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power [ . . . ] To establish Post Offices and post Roads . . .’’ 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 2608. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 2609. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. KATKO: 
H.R. 2610. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 5, of the United 
States Constitution: To coin Money, regu-late the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Meas-ures; 
By Mrs. LUMMIS: 
H.R. 2611. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 2612. Congress has the power tuenact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 2613. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: 
H.R. 2614. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Ms. PLASKETT: 
H.R. 2615. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary 
and Proper Clause) 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (Territories 
Clause) 
By Mr. QUIGLEY: 
H.R. 2616. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: 
H.R. 2617. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—The Con-
gress shall have Power . . . To regulate com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. ROSS: 
H.R. 2618. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Fourteenth Amendment, Section 5 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 2619. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII. 
By Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia: 
H.R. 2620. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (‘‘The Con-
gress shall have the power To lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States’’) 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (‘‘To regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes’’) 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (‘‘To make 
all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof’’) 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 2621. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8 of the Constitution 
By Mr. TONKO: 
H.R. 2622. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Mr. S CALISE , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. H AR-
PER, Mr. O LSON , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mrs. 
MIMIWALTERS of California, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. 
SARBANES , and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 9: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 156: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 160: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 167: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 213: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 223: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 224: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. R USH, 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. D ELAURO , and Mr. N AD-
LER. 
H.R. 232: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT and Mr. C OURT -
NEY. 
H.R. 282: Mr. R IGELL and Mr. W EBSTER of 
Florida. 
H.R. 303: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
ROGERS of Kentucky, and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 343: Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 425: Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 456: Mr. W HITFIELD . 
H.R. 463: Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. P OEof 
Texas, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
MICA, and Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 465: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 467: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mrs. 
BUSTOS , and Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 472: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 484: Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 511: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 539: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 546: Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 556: Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. 
HANNA , and Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 572: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 581: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 624: Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P OEof Texas, 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. K INGof New 
York. 
H.R. 649: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 662: Mr. C OFFMAN and Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 664: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 702: Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
PERLMUTTER , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . 
H.R. 703: Mrs. L OVE, Mr. C ARTER of Geor-
gia, and Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 711: Mr. N UNES and Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 729: Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H.R. 762: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 775: Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 776: Mr. H ANNA and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio. 
H.R. 800: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 817: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. 
H.R. 829: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 835: Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 836: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. T IBERI , Mrs. 
WAGNER , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. S TIVERS , and 
Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 840: Mr. H INOJOSA and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 845: Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. K LINE, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , and Mr. W HITFIELD . 
H.R. 864: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 879: Mr. H ANNA and Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 893: Mr. B ARR, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. N UNES , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. K ELLY  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. G RIFFITH , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. S ALMON , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Ms. 
GRANGER , and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 913: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California 
and Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 918: Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 928: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. 
H.R. 969: Mr. H ULTGREN and Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 971: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 986: Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. R IBBLE , and 
Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana. 
H.R. 990: Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 1008: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. H ARDY and Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 1111: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1116: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1120: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 1150: Mr. D OLD, Mr. W ITTMAN , and Ms. 
LOFGREN . 
H.R. 1171: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1188: Mr. R OHRABACHER . 
H.R. 1190: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 1192: Mr. H ECK of Washington and 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 1194: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. T HOMPSON of California and 
Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1218: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. R UIZ, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. R US-
SELL, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:16 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.113 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3759 June 2, 2015 
HASTINGS , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G RAY-
SON, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , 
Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. 
PETERSON , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. H ECK of 
Washington, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. V AN HOLLEN , and Mr. 
DESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1258: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
VANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1274: Ms. D ELBENEand Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1284: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mrs. B EATTY , 
and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 1286: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. K ILMER and Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1321: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina and 
Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 1342: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 1378: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 1388: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, and 
Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 1399: Ms. M CSALLY and Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 1413: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1424: Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 1434: Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H ONDA , Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
GALLEGO , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Mr. T AKAI, and Ms. P LASKETT . 
H.R. 1462: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. K INZINGER  
of Illinois, Mr. L ATTA , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. 
WHITFIELD , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. J ONES , Mr. Y OUNG  
of Indiana, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. 
KNIGHT . 
H.R. 1482: Mr. H IGGINS and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 1516: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
of Illinois, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Ms. C LARK  
of Massachusetts, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. M CKIN-
LEY, Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.R. 1518: Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 1528: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 1550: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1571: Mr. L EWIS, Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1586: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 1587: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1594: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. M ACARTHUR , and 
Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 1595: Mr. R OYCE . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ARSON of Indi-
ana, and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 1632: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. R UIZ, and 
Mr. S ABLAN . 
H.R. 1635: Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 1652: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 1654: Mr. H OLDING . 
H.R. 1660: Mr. R IBBLE and Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas. 
H.R. 1661: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 1676: Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 1677: Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 1706: Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-
nois, and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 1718: Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. L OEBSACK , 
and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 1728: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1734: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1736: Mr. F ORTENBERRY and Mr. Y OUNG  
of Iowa. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. H ANNA , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. 
VELA, and Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 1742: Ms. A DAMS and Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 1752: Mr. B OSTand Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. L EE, Mr. P OLIS, 
and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT and Mr. C LAY. 
H.R. 1801: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Mr. R ICH-
MOND . 
H.R. 1804: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1814: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
KIND, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mrs. BUSTOS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
and Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 1818: Ms. J UDY CHUof California and 
Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 1853: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. S MITH of New 
Jersey, and Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 1854: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 1861: Mr. H ARRIS and Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 1868: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. D INGELL , 
and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1882: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1902: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 1910: Ms. K USTER and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1919: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1933: Mr. T AKANO and Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1942: Mr. B EYER , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 1948: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1961: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1977: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina and 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1986: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 1989: Mr. I SSA. 
H.R. 1994: Mr. L AMALFA and Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 2017: Mr. N EWHOUSE and Mr. W HIT-
FIELD . 
H.R. 2019: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
CRAMER , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
FINCHER , and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 2025: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 2033: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER . 
H.R. 2043: Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. M ULVANEY , and Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. R USH, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
KEATING , and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2090: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 2096: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 2124: Mr. T ONKO , Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S EAN PAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. 
LOFGREN , Ms. Judy Chu of California, Ms. 
STEFANIK , Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 2128: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. 
PASCRELL , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. S MITH of 
Nebraska, Mr. N UNES , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. T UR-
NER, and Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 2134: Mr. H URDof Texas. 
H.R. 2152: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. K ATKO , Mrs. L UMMIS , and Mr. 
WALBERG . 
H.R. 2167: Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. N ORTON , and 
Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 2191: Mr. B ARTON . 
H.R. 2193: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 2205: Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. M ESSER , and 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 2210: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 2213: Mr. W OMACK , Mr. M ESSER , and 
Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 2242: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2246: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 2248: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 2254: Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 2258: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. B RAT, Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE 
of Georgia, Mr. H ARDY , and Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 2259: Mr. K LINE, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. C OLE, 
Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. A LLEN , 
and Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 2275: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 2290: Mr. L ATTA , Ms. S TEFANIK , and 
Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 2296: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 2300: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 2302: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 2309: Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 2315: Mr. K LINE, Mr. H ARDY , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. 
PIERLUISI , and Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. 
H.R. 2400: Mrs. B LACK , Mr. D OLD, Mr. P AUL-
SEN, and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 2403: Mr. B YRNE , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
GUTHRIE , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. C OOK, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
ROGERS of Alabama, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ENISHEK , 
and Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 2404: Ms. M ATSUI and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 2405: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 2406: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 2412: Ms. E SHOO and Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 2429: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 2441: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 2442: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. 
VARGAS . 
H.R. 2457: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. F OR-
TENBERRY . 
H.R. 2488: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 2494: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2504: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Mr. 
KNIGHT . 
H.R. 2506: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 2507: Ms. S INEMA and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 2513: Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. M ARCHANT , 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. B UCSHON , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 2514: Mr. W HITFIELD . 
H.R. 2516: Mr. H UFFMAN and Ms. J UDYCHU 
of California. 
H.R. 2520: Mr. B ARR, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and 
Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 2522: Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 2536: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2540: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico and Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 2560: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 2576: Mr. H ARPER , Mr. G ENEGREEN of 
Texas, and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 2590: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2591: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.J. Res. 25: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. 
LOEBSACK , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H. Con. Res. 36: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H. Con. Res. 49: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
TOMPRICE of Georgia, and Mr. L OUDERMILK . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. F OSTER , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, and Ms. B ASS. 
H. Res. 54: Ms. B ASS, Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
YOHO, Mr. H INOJOSA , and Ms. M CSALLY . 
H. Res. 56: Ms. K APTUR . 
H. Res. 108: Mr. R OKITA . 
H. Res. 110: Mr. K ILMER . 
H. Res. 112: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H. Res. 130: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H. Res. 147: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H. Res. 157: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H. Res. 206: Ms. S INEMA . 
H. Res. 210: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H. Res. 233: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. M ICA, Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. H OLDING , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, 
Mr. G UINTA , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. L AMALFA , Mrs. 
MIMIWALTERS of California, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Mr. U PTON , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. D ESANTIS , Ms. 
BASS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. A MASH , Mr. B ROOKS  
of Alabama, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
LEWIS, Ms. Judy Chu of California, Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
PETERS , and Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H. Res. 235: Mr. S COTT of Virginia and Mrs. 
BEATTY . 
H. Res. 250: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H. Res. 262: Ms. M OORE , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Ms. B ASS, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H. Res. 275: Ms. S PEIER . 
H. Res. 276: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H. Res. 282: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.118 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3760 June 2, 2015 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative Conaway, or a designee, to H.R. 2289, the Commodity End-User Relief Act does not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 1994: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
f 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
11. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
the Board of Chosen Freeholders, County of Cape May, New Jersey, relative to Resolu-tion No. 381-15, urging the President to rec-ognize the plight of American citizens cur-rently unjustly imprisoned and facing death in Iranian governmental custody; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
f 
AMENDMENTS 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-
posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 2577 
OFFERED BY: MR. BROOKS OF ALABAMA  
AMENDMENT NO. 1: Page 45, line 15, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $288,500,000)’’. 
Page 47, line 11, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $689,800,000)’’. 
Page 47, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced to $0)’’. 
Page 47, line 19, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced to $0)’’. 
Page 47, line 23, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced to $0)’’. 
Page 48, line 23, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced to $0)’’ 
Page 156, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $978,300,000)’’. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. BROOKS OF ALABAMA  
AMENDMENT NO. 2: Page 45, line 15, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $288,500,000)’’. 
Page 156, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $288,500,000)’’. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. BROOKS OF ALABAMA  
AMENDMENT NO. 3: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to provide rental housing assistance, a direct loan secured by a residence, or insurance or guarantee for a loan or mortgage secured by a residence, to any individual who does not have lawful sta-tus in the United States or financial assist-ance in violation of section 214(d) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1980 (42 U.S. C. 1436a(d)). 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. ENGEL  
AMENDMENT NO. 4: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Transportation, the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in ac-cordance with Presidential Memorandum— Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. MICA 
AMENDMENT NO. 5: Page 53, line 11, strike 
the colon and all that follows through line 15 and insert a period. 
H.R. 2577 
O
FFERED BY: MR. NEWHOUSE  
AMENDMENT NO. 6: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to issue, implement, or enforce any regulation by the Federal Aviation Administration relating to the op-eration and certification of small unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) that does not make consideration of the use of small UAS for ag-ricultural applications. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. ENGEL  
AMENDMENT NO. 10: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Commerce, the Department of Justice, or any other Federal agency to lease or pur-chase new light duty vehicles for any execu-tive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. MACARTHUR  
AMENDMENT NO. 11: Page 23, line 6, insert 
after the dollar amount the following: ‘‘(re-duced by $750,000)’’. 
Page 38, line 9, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $750,000)’’. 
Page 40, line 10, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $750,000)’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. BLUMENAUER  
AMENDMENT NO. 12: Page 14, lines 1, 18, and 
19, after each dollar amount, insert ‘‘(re-duced by $60,760,000) (increased by $60,760,000)’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. PITTENGER  
AMENDMENT NO. 13: Page 32, line 5, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
Page 72, line 7, after each of the dollar 
amounts, insert ‘‘(reduced by $25,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. POE OF TEXAS  
AMENDMENT NO. 14: Page 7, line 8, insert 
after the dollar amount the following: ‘‘(re-duced by $17,300,000)’’. 
Page 38, line 9, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $17,300,000)’’. 
Page 41, line 14, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $17,300,000)’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. POE OF TEXAS  
AMENDMENT NO. 15: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for the DNA anal-ysis and capacity enhancement program and for other local, State, and Federal forensic 
activities for which funds are made available under this Act as part of the $125,000,000 for DNA-related and forensic programs and ac-tivities, unless such funds are used in accord-ance with paragraphs (3) and (4) of section (2)(c)) of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimi-nation Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–546; 42 U.S. C. 14135). 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. POE OF TEXAS  
AMENDMENT NO. 16: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to enforce section 221 of title 13, United States Code, with re-spect to the survey, conducted by the Sec-retary of Commerce, commonly referred to as the ‘‘American Community Survey’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. POE OF TEXAS  
AMENDMENT NO. 17: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. (a) Except as provided by sub-
section (b), none of the funds made available by this Act for the Department of Justice or the Federal Bureau of Investigation may be used to mandate or request that a person (as defined in section 101(m) of the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S. C. 1801(m)) alter the product or service of the person to permit the electronic surveillance (as defined in section 101(f) of such Act (50 U.S. C. 1801(f)) of any user of such product or service. 
(b) Subsection (a) shall not apply with re-
spect to mandates or requests authorized under the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act (47 U.S. C. 1001 et seq.). 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. CONAWAY  
AMENDMENT NO. 18: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce any rule prohibiting the export of crude oil under section 103 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6212). 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. MCCLINTOCK  
AMENDMENT NO. 19: Page 3, line 10, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $311,788,000)’’. 
Page 98, line 20, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $311,788,000)’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. MCCLINTOCK  
AMENDMENT NO. 20: Page 4 line 21, after the 
dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $7,500,000)’’. 
Page 6 line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 15 line 16, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $5,700,000)’’. 
Page 15, line 19, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,700,000)’’. 
Page 15, line 20, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,700,000)’’. 
Page 24, line 5, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $75,719,000)’’. 
Page 24, line 14, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,423,000)’’. 
Page 26, line 19, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $35,000,000)’’. 
Page 28, line 22, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $750,000)’’. 
Page 29, line 14, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $25,000,000)’’. 
Page 29, line 21, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,200,000)’’. 
Page 30, line 21, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.111 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3761 June 2, 2015 
Page 31, line 20, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,806,000)’’. 
Page 32, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $111,199,000)’’. 
Page 33, line 5, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $40,625,000)’’. 
Page 33, line 19, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $49,000,000)’’. 
Page 34, line 19, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $136,500,000)’’. 
Page 36, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $124,000,000)’’. 
Page 38, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $11,060,000)’’. 
Page 38, line 18, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 38, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 41, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $60,000)’’. 
Page 41, line 19, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 42, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $70,400,000)’’. 
Page 43, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $33,000,000)’’. 
Page 43, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $20,000,000)’’. 
Page 43, line 23, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $35,000,000)’’. 
Page 46, line 19, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,400,000)’’. 
Page 47, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 49, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $4,000,000)’’. 
Page 49, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $52,500,000)’’. 
Page 49, line 16, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
Page 60, line 19, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $29,000,000)’’. 
Page 61, line 10, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $402,600,000)’’. 
Page 61, line 12, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,650,000)’’. 
Page 61, line 14, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,650,000)’’. 
Page 61, line 25, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,650,000)’’. 
Page 62, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $100,650,000)’’. 
Page 62, line 16, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $129,500,000)’’. 
Page 63, line 23, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $9,700,000)’’. 
Page 64, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $5,900,000)’’. 
Page 65, line 1, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $400,000)’’. 
Page 66, line 20, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $50,000,000)’’. 
Page 69, line 7, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $730,000)’’. 
Page 98, line 20, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $1,398,212,000)’’. 
H.R. 2578 
OFFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  
AMENDMENT NO. 21: Page 16, line 16, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $147 million to fund the construction of an Ocean Survey Vessel)’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GRAYSON  
AMENDMENT NO. 22: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), add the following new section: 
S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, as required by Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals: 
(A) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for: commis-sion of fraud or a criminal offense in connec-
tion with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contact or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of em-bezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsifica-tion or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen prop-erty; or 
(B) are presently indicted for, or otherwise 
criminally or civilly charged by a govern-mental entity with, commission of any of the offenses enumerated above in subsection (A); or 
(C) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer, has been notified of any delin-quent Federal taxes in an amount that ex-ceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GRAYSON  
AMENDMENT NO. 23: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), add the following new section: 
S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to compel a person to testify about information or sources that the person states in a motion to quash the subpoena that he has obtained as a jour-nalist or reporter and that he regards as con-fidential. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. MCCLINTOCK  
AMENDMENT NO. 24: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act to the Department of Justice may be used, with respect to any of the States of Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Cali-fornia, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Ken-tucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massa-chusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, and Wis-consin, to prevent any of them from imple-menting their own laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession, or cultivation of marijuana on non-Federal lands within their respective jurisdictions. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. HUDSON  
AMENDMENT NO. 25: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to treat any M855 (5.56 mm x 45 mm) or SS109 type ammunition as armor piercing ammunition for purposes of chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MS. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  
OFNEWMEXICO  
AMENDMENT NO. 26: Page 23, line 6, insert 
after the dollar amount the following: ‘‘(de-creased by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 42, line 24, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 44, line 8, insert after the dollar 
amount the following: ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MS. JACKSON LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 27: Page 24, line 5, after 
the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $13,800,000)’’. 
Page 34, line 19, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $13,800,000)’’. H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MS. JACKSON LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 28: Page 34, line 19, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $500,000)’’. 
Page 38, line 9, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MS. JACKSON LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 29: Page 34, line 19, after 
the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 47, line 7, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. BLUMENAUER  
AMENDMENT NO. 30: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title) insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for any inspection under section 510 of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 880) with respect to narcotic drugs in schedule III, IV, or V of section 202 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 812), or combinations of such drugs, being dispensed pursuant to section 303(g)(2) of such Act (21 U.S.C. 823(g)(2)) for maintenance or detoxi-fication treatment. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. CONNOLLY  
AMENDMENT NO. 31: Page 34, line 19, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $6,000,000)’’. 
Page 42, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 46, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. ROUZER  
AMENDMENT NO. 32: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the State of North Carolina to implement any State law or rule that establishes or governs a logbook reporting requirement for fishermen oper-ating under for-hire licenses. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. POLIS 
AMENDMENT NO. 33: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to execute a sub-poena of tangible things pursuant to section 506 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 876) that does not include the fol-lowing sentence: ‘‘This subpoena limits the collection of any tangible things (including phone numbers dialed, telephone numbers of incoming calls, and the duration of calls) to those tangible things identified by a term that specifically identifies an individual, ac-count, address, or personal device, and that limits, to the greatest extent reasonably practicable, the scope of the tangible things sought.’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. SCOTT OF VIRGINIA  
AMENDMENT NO. 34: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SECll. The amounts otherwise provided 
by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for Federal Prison Systems—Salaries and Expenses, and in-creasing the amount made available for Of-fice of Justice Programs—Office of Juvenile Justice Delinquency and Prevention, by $69,515,000. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MS. JACKSON LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 35: Page 12, line 9, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $400,000)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.123 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3762 June 2, 2015 
Page 70, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $400,000)’’. 
H.R. 2578 
OFFERED BY: MS. JACKSON LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 36: Page 12, line 9, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $2,000,000)’’. 
Page 72, line 7, after the first dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MS. JACKSON LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 37: Page 34, line 19, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $104,000,000)’’. 
Page 61, lines 10 and 12, after the dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $104,000,000)’’. H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MS. JACKSON LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 38: Page 34, line 19, after 
the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
Page 63, line 3, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MS. JACKSON LEE 
AMENDMENT NO. 39: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act for the Department of Justice— Administrative Review and Appeals may be used in contravention of sections 509 and 510 
of title 28, United States Code. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GRAYSON  
AMENDMENT NO. 40: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to negotiate or enter into a trade agreement whose negoti-ating texts are confidential. The limitation described in this section shall not apply in the case of the administration of a tax or tariff. 
H.R. 2578 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GRAYSON  
AMENDMENT NO. 41: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to negotiate or enter into a trade agreement that contains an investor-state dispute settlement provi-
sion. The limitation described in this section shall not apply in the case of the administra-tion of a tax or tariff. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN7.127 H02JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3419 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 2015 No. 87 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. God of our forebears, Author of lib-
erty, search our hearts and minds in order that we might better know our-selves. Lord, help us to comprehend what we need to better represent You. Empower us to live exemplary lives that are worthy of Your great love. 
Give our lawmakers a renewed loy-
alty to protecting the freedoms that Americans hold dear. May our Senators use their stewardship of position and influence to ensure that America is a shining city upon a hill. May their highest incentive be not to win over one another but to win with one an-other by doing Your will for all. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. C OL-
LINS). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
NATIONAL SECURITY 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I wish we had been able to move the cloture and amendment votes we will consider today to yesterday. I made an offer to do so because it is hard to see the point in allowing yet another day to elapse when everyone has already 
had a chance to say their piece, when the end game appears obvious to all, and when the need to move forward in a thoughtful but expeditious manner seems perfectly clear. But this is the Senate, and Members are entitled to different views and Members have tools to assert those views. It is the nature of the body where we work. 
Moreover, it is important to remem-
ber that it was not just the denial of consent which brought us to where we are. The kind of short-term extension that would have provided the Senate with the time and space it needed to advance bipartisan compromise legisla-tion through regular order was also blocked in a floor vote. 
But what has happened has happened, 
and we are where we are. Now is the time to put all that in the past and work together to diligently make some discrete and sensible improvements to the House bill. 
Before scrapping an effective system 
that has helped protect us from attack in favor of an untried one, we should at least work toward securing some mod-est degree of assurance that the new system can, in fact, actually work. The Obama administration also already told us that it would not be able to make any firm guarantees in that re-gard—that it would work—at least the way the bill currently reads. And the way the bill currently reads, there is also no requirement—no requirement— for the retention and availability of significant data for analysis. These are not small problems. 
The legislation we are considering 
proposes major changes to some of our Nation’s most fundamental and nec-essary counterterrorism tools. That is why the revelations from the adminis-tration shocked many Senators, in-cluding a lot of supporters of this legis-lation. It is simply astounding that the very government officials charged with implementing the bill would tell us, both in person and in writing, that if it turns out this new system doesn’t 
work, then they will just come back to us and let us know. If it doesn’t work, they will just come back and let us know. This is worrying for many rea-sons, not the least of which is that we don’t want to find out the system doesn’t work in a far more tragic way. That is why we need to do what we can today to ensure that this legislation is as strong as it can be under the cir-cumstances. 
Here are the kinds of amendments I 
hope every Senator will join me in sup-porting today. 
One amendment would allow for 
more time for the construction and testing of a system that does not yet exist. Again, one amendment would allow for more time for the construc-tion and testing of a system that does not yet exist. 
Another amendment would ensure 
that the Director of National Intel-ligence is charged with at least review-ing and certifying the readiness of the system. 
Another amendment would require 
simple notification if telephone pro-viders—the entities charged with hold-ing data under this bill—elect to change their data-retention policies. Let me remind my colleagues that one provider has already said expressly and in writing that it would not commit to holding the data for any period of time under the House-passed bill unless compelled by law. So this amendment represents the least we can do to en-sure we will be able to know, especially in an emergency, whether the dots we need to connect have actually been wiped away. 
We will also consider an amendment 
that would address concerns we have heard from the nonpartisan Adminis-trative Office of the U.S. Courts—in other words, the lifetime Federal judges who actually serve on the FISA Court. In a recent letter, they wrote that the proposed amicus provision ‘‘could impede the FISA Courts’ role in 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3420 June 2, 2015 
protecting the civil liberties of Ameri-
cans.’’ 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
full text of that letter be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my re-
marks. 
So the bottom line is this: The basic 
fixes I have just mentioned are com-mon sense. Anyone who wants to see the system envisioned under this bill actually work will want to support them. And anyone who has heard the administration’s ‘‘we will get back to you if there is a problem’’ promise should support these modest safeguards as well. 
We may have been delayed getting to 
the point at which we have arrived, but now that we are here, let’s work coop-eratively, seriously, and expeditiously to move the best legislation possible and prevent any more delay and uncer-tainty. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE  
UNITED STATES COURTS , 
Washington, DC, May 4, 2015. 
Hon. D EVIN NUNES , 
Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-
telligence, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write regarding H.R. 
2048, the ‘‘USA Freedom Act,’’ which was re-cently ordered reported by the Judiciary Committee, to provide perspectives on the legislation, particularly an assessment that the pending version of the bill could impede the effective operation of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Courts. 
In letters to the Committee on January 13, 
2014 and May 13, 2014, we commented on var-ious proposed changes to the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act (FISA). Our com-ments focused on the operational impact of certain proposed changes on the Judicial Branch, particularly the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court (‘‘FISC’’) and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review (collectively ‘‘FISA Courts’’), but did not express views on core policy choices that the political branches are considering re-garding intelligence collection. In keeping with that approach, we offer views on as-pects of H.R. 2048 that bear directly on the work of the FISA Courts and how that work is presented to the public. We sincerely ap-preciate the ongoing efforts of the bipartisan leadership of all the congressional commit-tees of jurisdiction to listen to and attempt to accommodate our perspectives and con-cerns. 
We respectfully request that, if possible, 
this letter be included with your Commit-tee’s report to the House on the bill. 
SUMMARY OF CONCERNS  
We have three main concerns. First, H.R. 
2048 proposes a ‘‘panel of experts’’ for the FISA Courts which could, in our assessment, impair the courts’ ability to protect civil lib-erties by impeding their receipt of complete and accurate information from the govern-ment (in contrast to the helpful amicus cu-riae approach contained in the FISA Im-provements Act of 2013 (‘‘FIA’’), which was approved in similar form by the House in 2014). Second, we continue to have concerns with the prospect of public ‘‘summaries’’ of FISA Courts’ opinions when the opinions themselves are not released to the public. Third, we have a few other specific technical concerns with H.R. 2048 as drafted. NATURE OF THE FISA COURTS  
With the advent of a new Congress and 
newly proposed legislation, it seems helpful to restate briefly some key attributes of the work of the FISA Courts. 
The vast majority of the work of the FISC 
involves individual applications in which ex-perienced judges apply well-established law to a set of facts presented by the govern-ment—a process not dissimilar to the ex parte consideration of ordinary criminal search warrant applications. Review of en-tire programs of collection and applications involving bulk collection are a relatively small part of the docket, and applications in-volving novel legal questions, though obvi-ously important, are rare. 
In all matters, the FISA Courts currently 
depend on—and will always depend on— prompt and complete candor from the gov-ernment in providing the courts with all rel-evant information because the government is typically the only source of such informa-tion. 
A ‘‘read copy’’ practice—similar to the 
practices employed in some federal district courts for Title III wiretap applications— wherein the government provides the FISC with an advance draft of each planned appli-cation, is the major avenue for court modi-fication of government-sought surveillance. About a quarter of ‘‘read copies’’ are modi-fied or withdrawn at the instigation of the FISC before the government presents a final application—in contrast to the over-whelming majority of formal applications that are approved by the Court because modifications at the ‘‘read copy’’ stage have addressed the Court’s concerns in cases where final applications are submitted. 
The FISC typically operates in an environ-
ment where, for national security reasons and because of statutory requirements, time is of the essence, and collateral litigation, including for discovery, would generally be completely impractical. 
At times, the FISA Courts are presented 
with challenging issues regarding how exist-ing law applies to novel technologies. In these instances, the FISA Courts could ben-efit from a conveniently available expla-nation or evaluation of the technology from an informed non-government source. Con-gress could assist in this regard by clarifying the law to provide mechanisms for this to occur easily (e.g., by providing for pre- cleared experts with whom the Court can share and receive information to the extent it deems necessary). 
THE‘‘PANEL OF EXPERTS ’’ APPROACH OF H .R. 
2048 COULD IMPEDE THE FISA COURTS ’ WORK  
H.R. 2048 provides for what proponents 
have referred to as a ‘‘panel of experts’’ and what in the bill is referred to as a group of at least five individuals who may serve as an ‘‘amicus curiae’’ in a particular matter. However, unlike a true amicus curiae, the FISA Courts would be required to appoint such an individual to participate in any case involving a ‘‘novel or significant interpreta-tion of law’’ (emphasis added)—unless the court ‘‘issues a finding’’ that appointment is not appropriate. Once appointed, such amici are required to present to the court, ‘‘as ap-propriate,’’ legal arguments in favor of pri-vacy, information about technology, or other ‘‘relevant’’ information. Designated amici are required to have access to ‘‘all relevant’’ legal precedent, as well as certain other ma-terials ‘‘the court determines are relevant.’’ 
Our assessment is that this ‘‘panel of ex-
perts’’ approach could impede the FISA Courts’ role in protecting the civil liberties of Americans. We recognize this may not be the intent of the drafters, but nonetheless it is our concern. As we have indicated, the full cooperation of rank- and-file government personnel in promptly conveying to the 
FISA Courts complete and candid factual in-formation is critical. A perception on their part that the FISA process involves a ‘‘panel of experts’’ officially charged with opposing the government’s efforts could risk deterring the necessary and critical cooperation and candor. Specifically, our concern is that im-posing the mandatory ‘‘duties’’—contained in subparagraph (i)(4) of proposed section 401 (in combination with a quasi-mandatory ap-pointment process)—could create such a per-ception within the government that a stand-ing body exists to oppose intelligence activi-ties. 
Simply put, delays and difficulties in re-
ceiving full and accurate information from Executive Branch agencies (including, but not limited to, cases involving non-compli-ance) present greater challenges to the FISA Courts’ role in protecting civil liberties than does the lack of a non-governmental perspec-tive on novel legal issues or technological developments. To be sure, we would welcome a means of facilitating the FISA Courts’ ob-taining assistance from non-governmental experts in unusual cases, but it is critically important that the means chosen to achieve that end do not impair the timely receipt of complete and accurate information from the government. 
It is on this point especially that we be-
lieve the ‘‘panel of experts’’ system in H.R. 2048 may prove counterproductive. The infor-mation that the FISA Courts need to exam-ine probable cause, evaluate minimization and targeting procedures, and determine and enforce compliance with court authoriza-tions and orders is exclusively in the hands of the government—specifically, in the first instance, intelligence agency personnel. If disclosure of sensitive or adverse informa-tion to the FISA Courts came to be seen as a prelude to disclosure to a third party whose mission is to oppose or curtail the agency’s work, then the prompt receipt of complete and accurate information from the government would likely be impaired—ulti-mately to the detriment of the national se-curity interest in expeditious action and the effective protection of privacy and civil lib-erties. 
In contrast, a ‘‘true’’ amicus curiae ap-
proach, as adopted, for example, in the FIA, facilitates appointment of experts outside the government to serve as amici curiae and render any form of assistance needed by the court, without any implication that such ex-perts are expected to oppose the intelligence activities proposed by the government. For that reason, we do not believe the FIA ap-proach poses any similar risk to the courts’ obtaining relevant information. 
‘‘
SUMMARIES ’’ OF UNRELEASED FISA COURT  
OPINIONS COULD MISLEAD THE PUBLIC  
In our May 13, 2014, letter to the Com-
mittee on H.R. 3361, we shared the nature of 
our concerns regarding the creation of public ‘‘summaries’’ of court opinions that are not themselves released. The provisions in H.R. 2048 are similar and so are our concerns. To be clear, the FISA Courts have never ob-jected to their opinions—whether in full or in redacted form—being released to the pub-lic to the maximum extent permitted by the Executive’s assessment of national security concerns. Likewise, the FISA Courts have al-ways facilitated the provision of their full opinions to Congress. See, e.g., FISC Rule of Procedure 62(c). Thus, we have no objection to the provisions in H.R. 2048 that call for maximum public release of court opinions. However, a formal practice of creating sum-maries of court opinions without the under-lying opinion being available is unprece-dented in American legal administration. Summaries of court opinions can be inad-vertently incorrect or misleading, and may 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3421 June 2, 2015 
omit key considerations that can prove crit-
ical for those seeking to understand the im-port of the court’s full opinion. This is par-ticularly likely to be a problem in the fact- focused area of FISA practice, under cir-cumstances where the government has al-ready decided that it cannot release the un-derlying opinion even in redacted form, pre-sumably because the opinion’s legal analysis is inextricably intertwined with classified facts. 
ADDITIONAL TECHNICAL COMMENTS ON H .R. 2048 
The Judiciary, like the public, did not par-
ticipate in the discussions between the Ad-ministration and congressional leaders that led to H.R. 2048 (publicly released on April 28, 2015 and reported by the Judiciary Com-mittee without changes on April 30). In the few days we have had to review the bill, we have noted a few technical concerns that we hope can be addressed prior to finalization of the legislation, should Congress choose to enact it. These concerns (all in the amicus curiae subsection) include: 
Proposed subparagraph (9) appears inad-
vertently to omit the ability of the FISA Courts to train and administer amici be-tween the time they are designated and the time they are appointed. 
Proposed subparagraph (6) does not make 
any provision for a ‘‘true amicus’’ appointed under subparagraph (2)(B) to receive nec-essary information. 
We are concerned that a lack of parallel 
construction in proposed clause (6)(A)(i) (ap-parently differentiating between access to legal precedent as opposed to access to other materials) could lead to confusion in its ap-plication. 
We recommend adding additional language 
to clarify that the exercise of the duties under proposed subparagraph (4) would occur in the context of Court rules (for example, deadlines and service requirements). 
We believe that slightly greater clarity 
could be provided regarding the nature of the obligations referred to in proposed subpara-graph (10). These concerns would generally be avoided or addressed by substituting the FIA approach. Furthermore, it bears empha-sis that, even if H.R. 2048 were amended to address all of these technical points, our more fundamental concerns about the ‘‘panel of experts’’ approach would not be fully as-suaged. Nonetheless, our staff stands ready to work with your staff to provide suggested textual changes to address each of these con-cerns. 
Finally, although we have no particular 
objection to the requirement in this legisla-tion of a report by the Director of the AO, Congress should be aware that the AO’s role would be to receive information from the FISA Courts and then simply transmit the report as directed by law. 
For the sake of brevity, we are not restat-
ing here all the comments in our previous correspondence to Congress on proposed leg-islation similar to H.R. 2048. However, the issues raised in those letters continue to be of importance to us. 
We hope these comments are helpful to the 
House of Representatives in its consideration of this legislation. If we may be of further assistance in this or any other matter, please contact me or our Office of Legisla-tive Affairs at 202–502–1700. 
Sincerely, 
J
AMES C. D UFF, 
Director. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate stand in recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly con-
ference meetings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 2048, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2048) to reform the authorities 
of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, con-duct electronic surveillance, use pen reg-isters and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for for-eign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell/Burr amendment No. 1449, in 
the nature of a substitute. 
McConnell amendment No. 1450 (to amend-
ment No. 1449), of a perfecting nature. 
McConnell amendment No. 1451 (to amend-
ment No. 1450), relating to appointment of amicus curiae. 
McConnell/Burr amendment No. 1452 (to 
the language proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 1449), of a perfecting nature. 
McConnell amendment No. 1453 (to amend-
ment No. 1452), to change the enactment date. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for 2 min-utes as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING HADIYA PENDLETON AND COM -
MEMORATING NATIONAL GUN VIOLENCE  
AWARENESS DAY  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on Janu-
ary 29, 2013, Hadiya Pendleton was gunned down while standing in a park on the South Side of Chicago. Hadiya was a talented, beautiful, caring young woman with a bright future ahead of her. She was 15 years old, a sophomore honor student at King College Prep. Her family described her as a spectac-ular source of joy and pride for them. 
One week before her death, Hadiya 
was here in Washington with her school band, performing for President Obama’s second inauguration. She was thrilled by that opportunity. But a few days later, she was gone, murdered by men who mistook her and friends for members of a rival gang. What a senseless tragedy to lose chil-
dren to gun violence. It happens every day in America. Overall, on average, 88 Americans are killed by gun violence every day. 
Today, June 2, 2015, would have been 
Hadiya Pendleton’s 18th birthday. Today also marks the first annual Na-tional Gun Violence Awareness Day. It is an idea that was inspired by Hadiya’s family and friends in Chicago. They decided they would ask us to wear something orange today. It is a color that hunters use when they are in the woods to make sure that no one shoots them. 
All across the Nation, Americans are 
wearing orange in tribute to Hadiya Pendleton, in tribute to the tens of thousands of other Americans killed by gun violence every year, and in support of a simple goal: Keep our kids safe. I am proud to join them in wearing or-ange today. I want to commend Hadiya’s parents—my friends—Nate and Cleo, her brother Nate, Jr., and her friends who have turned their pain into purpose. 
They are working to reduce the 
scourge of gun violence and to spare other families and loved ones what they have gone through. I hope law-makers here in Washington and throughout the Nation will pay atten-tion and commit themselves to do something about these terrible shoot-ings and deaths. We need to do all that we can to keep guns out of the hands of those who would misuse them and, es-pecially, keep our children safe. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, in the 
aftermath of the terrorist attacks on our country on 9/11/2001—terrorist at-tacks that killed some 3,000 people—I authored legislation, along with former Senator Joe Lieberman of Connecticut, to implement the recommendations of the 9/11 Commission to reform and re-structure the intelligence community, to improve its capabilities, and also to increase accountability and oversight. 
Now, this law is different and dis-
tinct from the PATRIOT Act. Our law established the Office of the Director of National Intelligence to coordinate all of the agencies involved in intelligence gathering so that we would reduce the possibility of the dots not being con-nected and to allow terrorist attacks and plots to be detected and thwarted. 
Our legislation also created the Na-
tional Counterterrorism Center, which helps to synthesize the information across government and share it with State and local governments to help keep us safer. Our bill created the Pri-vacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, and it installed privacy officers in the major intelligence agencies. 
But our law, the Intelligence Reform 
and Terrorism Protection Act, shared the common goal of the PATRIOT Act of better protecting our Nation from terrorist attacks because none of us who lived through that terrible day 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3422 June 2, 2015 
ever wanted to see Americans die again 
because our Nation failed to use the tools and capabilities it had to prevent terrorist attacks. 
We have had terrorist attacks since 
that time. The Boston Marathon is an example of a terrorist attack that oc-curred despite our best efforts, but we have been able to thwart and uncover and detect and stop terrorist attacks— both here and abroad—due to the im-portant tools and capabilities our gov-ernment has. Like the Presiding Offi-cer, I serve on the Senate Select Com-mittee on Intelligence. I have sat through countless hours of briefings, I have asked the hard questions about our intelligence programs, and I have challenged those who have come before us. 
I wish to explain how the current 
program works at NSA because I be-lieve there is so much misinformation about this important program. One of the most egregious misinformation points that have been made is that the NSA is listening to the content of calls made by American citizens to other American citizens. That is simply not true. 
Let me tell you how this program 
works. First, it starts with a call, a phone number from a foreign terrorist or a foreign terrorist organization. When we get a foreign terrorist’s—who is based overseas—telephone number, the NSA is allowed to query a database to see if that foreign-based terrorist is calling someone in our country. Why is that important? Well, we know ISIS and other terrorist groups have been recruiting Americans and trying to train them to attack our country. That is why it is important. 
Only 34 highly trained, vetted Fed-
eral employees are allowed to query that database, and even then they are allowed to do so only if a Federal judge finds that a standard has been reached to allow that query to be made. Even if that query is approved by that Federal judge, the analyst can only see the phone numbers called by the terrorist, the date, the time, and the duration of the call. 
If there is a match, then the case is 
turned over to the FBI for further in-vestigation. The FBI must get a court order to wiretap the phone of the American who is talking to that for-eign terrorist. 
Last month, during a Senate Appro-
priations Committee hearing, I asked the Attorney General whether there have ever been any privacy violations regarding that telephone data. She re-plied no. 
I am truly perplexed that anyone 
would argue that telephone data are better protected in the hands of 1,400 telecom companies and 160 wireless carriers than in a secure NSA database that only 34 carefully vetted and trained employees are allowed to query under the supervision of a Federal judge. 
Under the USA FREEDOM Act—the 
House bill—when we get the telephone number of an overseas terrorist, we po-
tentially are going to have to go to each one of those 1,400 telecom compa-nies, 160 wireless carriers, which poten-tially will involve thousands of people. The privacy implications are far great-er if we have the telecoms control the data, far greater. 
Moreover, we know private sector 
data is far more susceptible to hackers, to criminals. Look at all the breaches of sensitive data that have occurred during the past year alone. Plus, I sim-ply don’t think the system will work without a data-retention requirement now that most carriers have flat-rate telephone plans that don’t require de-tailed call data records. The telecom companies have made very clear they will oppose any bill with a data-reten-tion requirement, and there will be a race to the bottom to market the data in a way that says to people: Sign up with us and your data will be safe from the government. 
That kind of demagoguery—even 
though the commerce committee has done an excellent study that shows the data broker companies sell our per-sonal data, including our names, our phone numbers, our addresses to the highest bidder for telemarketing and other purposes, and some of that data ends up in the hands of con artists. 
So I don’t see how vesting the au-
thority in the telecom communications companies increases the privacy of our data, safeguards it. I think just the op-posite is the case. It is going to be less secure because it is going to be more exposed to hackers and criminals who will attempt to do data breaches and have successfully done so. It is going to be less secure because instead of 34 peo-ple having access to just the phone numbers and call duration data, we are going to have potentially thousands of people who are going to be asked to query their database. The system is going to be less effective because there is absolutely no guarantee this data will be retained by the telecom compa-nies and the wireless carriers. 
Finally, I am persuaded by the cau-
tions given to us, by the direct warn-ings of former Director of the FBI Rob-ert Mueller and the former Deputy Di-rector of the CIA Mike Morell, who tell us that had this program been in place prior to 9/11, it is likely that terrorist plot would have been uncovered and thwarted. 
The fact is the House bill substan-
tially weakens a vital tool in our coun-terterrorism efforts at a time when the terrorist threat has never been higher. The current program has never been abused. The government cannot listen to your phone calls or read your emails unless there is a court order—because you are directly communicating with an overseas terrorist—and then it goes to the FBI for investigation. 
It is a false choice that we have to 
choose between our civil liberties and keeping our country safe. There are ac-tions we can and should take to strengthen the privacy protections in the NSA program. Several were in-
cluded in the bipartisan bill reported by the Intelligence Committee last year. Unfortunately, the USA FREE-DOM Act provides a false sense of pri-vacy at the expense of our national se-curity. 
For these reasons, while I will sup-
port the amendments today to try to make modest improvements to the House bill, I simply cannot support the bill on final passage. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent to speak for an addi-tional 7 minutes, to be divided between Senator L
EAHY and myself. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Utah for his cour-tesy. 
The fact is the USA FREEDOM Act 
that was passed overwhelmingly in the House of Representatives—that has strong bipartisan support here—is sup-ported by the Director of National In-telligence. It is also supported by our Attorney General. It is supported by our intelligence community. And it is a step forward because, ultimately, the legislation protects the privacy of indi-viduals. 
I agree with the Senator from Maine 
that we have strong restrictions at the NSA on the information. However, they were not strong enough, of course, to stop Edward Snowden from walking off with all the information that was there. 
We had six public hearings on these 
issues in the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee last Congress. The original USA FREEDOM Act was introduced by Sen-ator L
EEand me and Congressman J IM 
SENSENBRENNER in the other body. 
We all knew section 215, the roving 
wiretap authority, and ‘‘lone wolf’’ pro-vision, would expire June 1, 2015. That is why we started working to change it. We are also well aware of the Second Circuit Court of Appeals decision that 
made part of the program illegal. 
I think what we have in the USA 
FREEDOM Act is a carefully crafted bill by both Republicans and Demo-crats in the House and the Senate. That is why it passed 338 to 88 in the House. If we start amending it, we don’t know how much longer it is going to take and we end up with no protec-tions. I think that is not a choice we want to make. 
On Sunday night, with only a few 
hours before the sunset of section 215 and the other two expiring FISA au-thorities, Republican leadership in the Senate finally agreed to begin debate on the USA FREEDOM Act. 
For nearly 2 years, I have been work-
ing on a bipartisan basis with members in both the Senate and the House to address these matters. As chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee last Congress, I convened six public hear-ings to examine the NSA’s bulk collec-tion program and consider reforms to 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3423 June 2, 2015 
section 215 and other surveillance au-
thorities. 
In October 2013, I introduced the 
original USA FREEDOM Act with Con-gressman J
IMSENSENBRENNER , Senator 
LEE, and others. We introduced an up-
dated version of the USA FREEDOM Act in 2014 and pushed for the Senate to pass that bill last November, months before Sunday’s expiration date. 
The American people were demand-
ing meaningful reforms, but the intel-ligence community also needed oper-ational certainty. 
We all knew that section 215, the rov-
ing wiretap authority, and the lone wolf provision would expire on June 1. That is why I started working months ago with Members of Congress from both parties and both Chambers to forge a compromise that protects both Americans’ privacy and our national security. 
We were able to reach agreement on 
a bill that certainly does not go as far as I would like, but that definitively ends the NSA’s bulk collection of phone records, improves transparency and accountability, and includes other important reforms. Our bill—the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015—is a carefully crafted bill that has now earned the support of the intelligence community, privacy and civil liberties groups, li-brarians, the tech industry, and a bi-partisan super-majority of the Repub-lican-led House of Representatives. Our bill represents significant progress to-ward real surveillance reform. 
Unfortunately, the Republican lead-
ership in the Senate has tried to block this progress at every turn. They blocked the Senate from debating the USA FREEDOM Act last November. They again blocked the Senate from debating the bill 2 weeks ago, despite knowing full well that failure to swift-ly consider the House-passed bill would lead to expiration of these critical sur-veillance authorities. This brinksman-ship is not a responsible way to govern. 
The expiration of the PATRIOT Act 
provisions on Sunday night was en-tirely avoidable, and the unfortunate consequence of a manufactured crisis. The Senate must now act responsibly and swiftly. It is time to pass the USA FREEDOM Act, which would restore the expired provisions and add much needed improvements and reforms. 
I hope that we will invoke cloture 
and then quickly dispense with any germane amendments so that we can move to passage of the bill. The House passed the USA FREEDOM Act almost 3 weeks ago by an overwhelming 338 to 88 vote. 
Senator L
EEand I sought an open 
amendment process in the Senate, but we were blocked. Now, we simply do not have any time to spare. The Senate must pass this bill without any amend-ments so that the President can sign it into law immediately and restore these expired provisions today. 
A vote for any amendment is a vote 
to prolong the expiration of the sur-veillance authorities that ended on 
Sunday. If the Senate changes the un-derlying bill in any way, it must go back to the House for its consideration, and there are no guarantees that it will pass the new bill. 
In fact, Chairman G
OODLATTE of the 
House Judiciary Committee, Ranking Member C
ONYERS , Congressman S EN-
SENBRENNER , and Congressman N ADLER  
warned that ‘‘[t]he House is not likely to accept the changes proposed by Sen-ator M
CCONNELL . Section 215 has al-
ready expired. These amendments will likely make that sunset permanent.’’ 
Let us have no more unnecessary 
delay or political brinksmanship. It is time to do our jobs for the American people—to protect their privacy and maintain our national security. Now is not the time to seek unnecessary changes to this bill. If Senators believe that the Senate should consider some of these changes, we can consider them after we pass the USA FREEDOM Act. 
I urge Senators to vote for cloture 
because we need to move forward. We cannot afford to waste any more time. The USA FREEDOM Act includes im-portant reforms, and we need to give the intelligence community the tools they need to keep us safe. That means we must pass the USA FREEDOM Act without change and without any more unnecessary delay. 
Mr. President, I yield to the Senator 
from Utah. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I first want 
to thank my friend and colleague, the senior Senator from Vermont, for his tireless work on this issue. Senator L
EAHY and I, along with Senator H EIN-
RICH and so many others who are par-
ticipating in this process, have worked together to develop a legislative strat-egy that is both bicameral and bipar-tisan. This legislation we are about to vote on today was passed with an over-whelming supermajority in the House of Representatives—338 votes to 88 votes. This is a testament to the fact that in so many instances there is more that unites us than divides us in today’s political environment. This is an example of the type of win-win situ-ation we can develop. 
This bill protects America’s national 
security, and it does so in a way that is respectful of the privacy interests and both the letter and the spirit of the Fourth Amendment. 
The American people understand in-
tuitively that it is none of the govern-ment’s business whom they are calling, when they are calling them, who calls them, and how long their calls last. The American people intuitively un-derstand what graduate researchers have confirmed, which is that this type of calling data—even just the data itself, not anything having to do with recorded conversations, just the data— reveals a lot about an individual, about his or her political preferences, reli-gious views, marital status, the num-ber of children the person may have, and all kinds of interests that are none of the government’s business. Moreover, the way this data is col-
lected is inconsistent with the way our government is supposed to operate. Rather than going out and dem-onstrating some type of connection be-tween the data set requested and a par-ticular investigation, under the cur-rent system the government simply issues orders saying: Send us all of your data. Send us all your data on all calls made by all of your customers. We want all of it. If that means 300 mil-lion phone numbers, we want all of that regardless of its connection to any suspected terrorist operation. 
That is wrong. Our bill would change 
that, and it would change it quite sim-ply by requiring the government to re-quest information connected to a par-ticular phone number—a phone number that is itself suspected of being in-volved in some type of terrorist activ-ity. 
This bill represents a good com-
promise. This bill represents reason. This bill would protect America’s na-tional security while also protecting privacy. This bill, in so doing, recog-nizes that our privacy is not and ought not ever be deemed to be in conflict with our security. Our privacy is, in fact, part of our security. 
We are, unfortunately, considering 
this bill with too little time left. In ef-fect, we are considering this bill after the PATRIOT Act provisions at issue have expired. This is unfortunate. It was unnecessary, and it represents a longstanding bipartisan problem with-in the Senate—a problem pursuant to which we establish cliffs. We establish these artificially designed deadlines. 
We have known about this particular 
deadline for 4 years. For 4 years, we knew these provisions were going to expire. We should have taken up these provisions far in advance of now. Many of us tried. We did so unsuccessfully. Senator L
EAHY and I and others have 
been working on this legislation for years. We have been ready, willing, eager, and anxious to do so, and we haven’t been able to do so until very recently. Now, because of the fact that these provisions have expired, it is in-cumbent upon us to move these things forward in all deliberate speed. 
Whatever the outcome of this vote 
and of those votes which will follow later today, the American people de-serve better than this. Vital national security programs that touch on our fundamental civil liberties deserve a full, open, honest, and unrushed de-bate. This should not be subject to cyn-ical, government-by-cliff brinksman- ship. If Members of Congress—particu-larly Republican Members of Con-gress—ever want to improve their standing among the American people, then we must abandon this habit of po-litical gamesmanship. 
Finally, it is time for us to pass this 
bill—this bill which passed overwhelm-ingly in the House of Representatives, this bill which carefully balances im-portant interests the American people care deeply about. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3424 June 2, 2015 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation. 
Mr. President, this week the Senate 
will consider the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015, H.R. 2048. I am proud to have introduced the Senate companion to this bill, S. 1123, along with Senator P
ATRICK LEAHY , ranking member of the 
Senate Judiciary Committee. We have worked closely with our partners in the House of Representatives, House Judi-ciary Committee Chairman B
OBGOOD-
LATTE , Ranking Member J OHN CON-
YERS , and Congressmen J IMSENSEN -
BRENNER and J ERROLD NADLER . 
Since revelations in June 2013 that 
the National Security Agency was se-cretly and indiscriminately collecting Americans’ telephone records, Senator L
EAHY and I have worked together on 
legislation to end this mass surveil-lance program and to enact greater transparency and oversight over the government’s intelligence gathering operations. The USA FREEDOM Act of 2015 is the result of that 2-year collabo-ration, and it contains strong reforms. Most importantly, it would definitively end the NSA’s bulk collection of Amer-icans’ telephone metadata and ensure that the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act pen register statute and the national security letter statutes can-not be used to justify bulk collection. 
On May 13, 2015, the House passed the 
USA FREEDOM Act by an over-whelming, bipartisan 338-to-88 vote. More than 80 percent of House Repub-licans and 75 percent of House Demo-crats voted for the bill, including the chairmen and ranking members of the House Judiciary and Intelligence Com-mittees, as well as the leadership of both parties. 
The resounding vote in the House is a 
direct result of the commonsense and meaningful reforms contained in the bill. It is also a testament to the will of the American people, who have been unequivocal in their demand for reform and their demand that the NSA stop the indiscriminate collection of their private records. 
As our colleagues in the Senate con-
sider the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015, Senator L
EAHY and I want to detail the 
extensive legislative process under-taken to develop this bill and provide additional clarity on the bill’s provi-sions. 
Senator L
EAHY , I know that you have 
a long history of pushing for meaning-ful oversight and transparency of our government’s intelligence gathering operations. 
Mr. LEAHY. I thank the Senator 
from Utah for his advocacy on behalf of Americans’ privacy rights and for his dedicated efforts to end the NSA’s ille-gal program. 
In June 2013, Americans learned for 
the first time that section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act has for years been secretly interpreted to authorize the collection of Americans’ phone records on an unprecedented scale. And they learned that the NSA has engaged in repeated, substantial legal violations in its implementation of section 215 
and other surveillance authorities. 
Since that time, Congress and the 
American public have been engaged in an important debate about the breadth of government surveillance powers and the legal rationale used to authorize the collection of Americans’ data. Under my chairmanship last Congress, the Senate Judiciary Committee held 
six open and public hearings that sharpened the committee’s thinking and furthered the public dialogue on these important issues. Senator L
EE, 
Congressman J IMSENSENBRENNER , Con-
gressman J OHN CONYERS , and I intro-
duced bicameral, bipartisan legisla-tion, the USA FREEDOM Act of 2013, S. 1599/H.R. 3361, on October 29, 2013, to end bulk collection and reform our sur-veillance laws. The President an-nounced his support for ending the bulk collection of Americans’ phone records in March 2014. The House of Representatives passed a new version of the USA FREEDOM Act in May 2014, and after lengthy discussions with the executive branch, the technology in-dustry, privacy advocates, and other stakeholders, Senator L
EEand I intro-
duced the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014, S. 2685, on July 29, 2014. On November 18, 2014, the full Senate failed to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014, by a vote of 58 to 42. 
Despite falling two votes shy last 
Congress, Senator L
EEand I knew that 
the May 31, 2015, expiration date was approaching, and we continued to work on a bill to reform these authorities. Senator L
EE, can you explain the proc-
ess we have undertaken this year? 
Mr. LEE. Since November 2014, Sen-
ator L EAHY and I have been engaged in 
conversations with House Judiciary Committee Chairman G
OODLATTE , 
Ranking Member C ONYERS , and Con-
gressmen S ENSENBRENNER and N ADLER  
to develop a new version of the USA FREEDOM Act. After extensive nego-tiations with the administration, intel-ligence community officials, privacy and civil liberties groups, the tech-nology industry, and other stake-holders, we introduced the USA FREE-DOM Act of 2015, S. 1123/H.R. 2048, on April 28, 2015. 
Of course, the USA FREEDOM Act of 
2015 was not introduced in a vacuum. Nearly 2 years ago, on June 5, 2013, the Guardian newspaper published an arti-cle and posted a classified FISA Court order revealing that the U.S. Govern-ment had been engaging in the bulk collection of Americans’ telephone metadata. One day later, on June 6, 2013, the Washington Post published an article and posted further classified in-formation about a separate govern-ment surveillance program called PRISM involving the collection of the contents of Internet communications. The administration subsequently ac-knowledged that the NSA’s bulk collec-tion of telephone metadata was being conducted pursuant to section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act. The NSA’s PRISM program to collect the contents 
of Internet communications of certain overseas targets was being conducted pursuant to section 702 of FISA, which was enacted as part of the FISA Amendments Act. 
Once these programs were revealed, 
then-Chairman L
EAHY convened a num-
ber of hearings so that the American people could better understand what the NSA was doing. 
Senator L
EAHY , can you remind us of 
the Judiciary Committee’s activities in 
the 113th Congress? 
Mr. LEAHY. As I mentioned, during 
the last Congress, the Senate Judiciary Committee held six open, public hear-ings to examine the legal basis, effec-tiveness, and impact of these programs on Americans’ privacy rights and civil liberties. We heard testimony from a wide range of government officials, legal scholars, technologists, and out-side experts as the Committee sought to understand and evaluate the numer-ous issues raised by these activities. 
On July 31, 2013, I chaired the first 
full Judiciary Committee hearing to examine government surveillance pro-grams with administration officials and outside experts. At the hearing, the NSA Deputy Director confirmed that the NSA’s bulk telephony pro-gram did not help to thwart dozens of terrorist plots, as some administration officials defending the program had been contending. He confirmed that section 215 was only uniquely valuable in thwarting one terrorist ‘‘plot’’—the case of Basaaly Moalin, a Somali im-migrant who was convicted of material support for sending $8,500 to al- Shabaab in Somalia. 
As a result of continued public de-
bate about the government’s surveil-lance activities, on August 9, 2013, President Obama announced that he was ordering the Director of National Intelligence, DNI, to establish a group of outside experts to review the govern-ment’s intelligence and communica-tions technologies and provide rec-ommendations on possible reforms to surveillance authorities. He also an-nounced the public release of addi-tional documents, including a Depart-ment of Justice white paper outlining the legal justification for the section 215 bulk collection program. 
Over the course of the following 
months, the DNI declassified and re-leased a host of documents related to activities conducted under section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act and section 702 of FISA. The released documents detailed serious incidents of non-compliance and violations of law in im-plementing both of these programs. For example, the documents revealed that for several years, the NSA was un-lawfully collecting thousands of wholly domestic emails and other electronic communications as part of its section 702 collection. In addition, FISA Court orders relating to the section 215 pro-gram revealed significant compliance problems and were highly critical of the NSA’s oversight and operation of the program. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3425 June 2, 2015 
On October 2, 2013, I chaired a second 
full Judiciary Committee hearing on government surveillance authorities. NSA Director Alexander revealed for the first time that the NSA had pre-viously conducted a pilot program to test its capability of handling location data as part of the section 215 phone records program, although he empha-
sized that it was only a test. The sec-ond panel of witnesses at the hearing testified about the government’s legal justification for the collection of tele-phone records under section 215. A technologist and computer scientist provided testimony to illustrate the power of metadata and the blurring distinction between content and metadata in the digital age. 
Shortly after that hearing, on Octo-
ber 29, 2013, I joined with Senator L
EE, 
Congressman S ENSENBRENNER , and 
Congressman C ONYERS to introduce the 
bipartisan, bicameral USA FREEDOM Act of 2013 to comprehensively reform a range of surveillance authorities. This legislation served as the basis for many of the reforms Congress is now debating. 
On November 13, 2013, Senator 
F
RANKEN chaired a Judiciary Com-
mittee subcommittee hearing on legis-lation that he had introduced, the Sur-veillance Transparency Act of 2013, components of which were included in the USA FREEDOM Act. Government witnesses testified about executive branch efforts to promote greater transparency of surveillance activities. In addition, several outside witnesses, including representatives from the U.S. technology industry, spoke about the economic harm and damage to Amer-ican technology companies as a result of revelations of government surveil-lance activities. These witnesses testi-fied that American businesses stand to lose billions of dollars in the coming years as a result of revelations about U.S. surveillance activities. 
On November 18, 2013, the DNI declas-
sified and released a host of documents related to a previously classified pro-gram that collected bulk Internet metadata. The documents included a FISA Court opinion authorizing the bulk collection of Internet metadata under the FISA pen register and trap and trace device authority. As with the section 215 telephone metadata pro-gram, the declassified documents re-vealed that the bulk Internet metadata collection program also encountered major compliance problems during its operation. In 2011, the program was ended by the government because it was not meeting operational expecta-tions. 
On December 9, 2013, eight leading 
technology companies—AOL, Apple, Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, Micro-soft, Twitter, and Yahoo!—wrote an open letter to President Obama and Congress laying out five surveillance reform proposals. The companies called for a prohibition on the bulk collection of Internet data and argued that gov-ernments should limit surveillance to specific, known users for lawful pur-
poses. The companies also urged stronger checks and balances, includ-ing an adversarial process at the FISA Court. 
On December 11, 2013, the Judiciary 
Committee held its fourth hearing on these issues. At the hearing, govern-ment witnesses discussed the possi-bility of placing a privacy advocate at the FISA Court, the recently declas-sified documents about the bulk collec-tion of Internet metadata, and the scope of collection that is permitted under traditional section 215 orders. We learned that the problems with the Internet metadata program were so se-vere that the FISA Court suspended 
the program entirely for a period of time before approving its renewal. But then, in 2011, the government ended this Internet metadata program be-cause, as Director Clapper explained, it was no longer meeting ‘‘operational ex-pectations.’’ However, senior govern-ment lawyers testified that under the statute, there was no legal impediment to restarting this bulk Internet data collection program. If the executive branch—or a future administration— wanted to do so, it would simply apply for an order from the FISA Court. 
On December 18, 2013, the President’s 
Review Group on Intelligence and Com-munications Technology publicly re-leased its final report, which included 46 recommendations and findings to re-form government surveillance activi-ties. The review group members in-cluded Richard Clarke, former counter-terrorism adviser to Presidents George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, and George W. Bush; Michael Morell, former Acting Director of the CIA; Geoffrey Stone, professor at the University of Chicago Law School; Cass Sunstein, Harvard Law School professor and former senior OMB official in the Obama administra-tion; and Peter Swire, a professor at the Georgia Institute of Technology and former adviser to Presidents Obama and Clinton. They concluded that the section 215 phone records pro-gram had not been essential to na-tional security, saying: ‘‘The informa-tion contributed to terrorist investiga-tions by the use of section 215 teleph-ony meta-data was not essential to pre-venting attacks and could readily have been obtained in a timely manner using conventional section 215 orders.’’ The review group further stated that ‘‘Section 215 has generated relevant in-formation in only a small number of cases, and there has been no instance in which NSA could say with con-fidence that the outcome would have been different without the section 215 telephony meta-data program.’’ 
This sort of massive surveillance pre-
sents significant privacy implications in the digital age, and the review group’s report provided valuable in-sights. The report explained that keep-ing a record of every phone call an in-dividual has made over the course of several years ‘‘can reveal an enormous amount about that individual’s private life.’’ The report further explained that 
in the 21st century, revealing private information to third party services ‘‘does not reflect a lack of concern for the privacy of the information, but a necessary accommodation to the reali-ties of modern life.’’ And the report questioned whether we can continue to draw a rational line between commu-nications metadata and content. This is a critically important question given that many of our surveillance laws de-pend upon the distinction between the two. 
The review group also addressed the 
national security letter, NSL, statutes. Using NSLs, the FBI can obtain de-tailed information about individuals’ 
communications records, financial transactions, and credit reports with-out judicial approval. Recipients of NSLs are subject to permanent gag or-ders. The review group report made a series of important recommendations to change the way national security letters operate. I have been fighting to impose additional safeguards on this controversial authority for years—to limit their use, to ensure that NSL gag orders comply with the First Amend-ment, and to provide recipients of NSLs with a meaningful opportunity for judicial review. 
Following release of the review 
group’s report, the Judiciary Com-mittee then held its fifth hearing on the NSA’s programs and called the members of the review group to testify. On January 14, 2014, the members of the review group testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee and ex-plained that in light of changing tech-nology and the creation of more and more data, it recommended transitioning to a system where the government does not hold massive databases of Americans’ metadata. Rather, metadata could be held by pro-viders or a third party, and could be searched by the government only with advance judicial approval. The five members of the panel made clear that while we must always consider ongoing threats to national security, policy-makers should consider all of the risks associated with intelligence activities: the risk to individual privacy, to free expression and freedom of association, to an open and decentralized Internet, to America’s relationships with other nations, to trade and commerce, and to maintaining the public trust. 
Following the review group’s report, 
in January 2014, President Obama took an important step to restore Ameri-can’s privacy and civil liberties by em-bracing the growing consensus that the section 215 phone records program should not continue in its current form. During a speech at the Depart-ment of Justice, the President an-nounced that he had directed the intel-ligence community to develop alter-natives to the program and asked the Justice Department to seek advance judicial approval from the FISA Court to query the section 215 phone call database. Additionally, he ordered the 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3426 June 2, 2015 
government to limit searches of the 
section 215 database to two ‘‘hops,’’ in-stead of three. He also recommended reforms to the secrecy surrounding na-tional security letters. 
A January 23, 2014, report by the Pri-
vacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, PCLOB, added to the growing chorus calling for an end to the govern-ment’s dragnet collection of Ameri-cans’ phone records. On February 12, 2014, the Judiciary Committee held its sixth public hearing, this time with the members of the PCLOB to explain the conclusions in their report. As with the President’s review group, the PCLOB report likewise determined that the section 215 program has not been effec-tive, saying: ‘‘We have not identified a single instance involving a threat to the United States in which the pro-gram made a concrete difference in the outcome of a counterterrorism inves-tigation. Moreover, we are aware of no instance in which the program directly contributed to the discovery of a pre-viously unknown terrorist plot or the disruption of a terrorist attack.’’ 
The PCLOB report also provided the 
public with a detailed constitutional and statutory analysis of this program and concluded that the program ‘‘lacks a viable legal foundation under Section 215’’ and ‘‘implicates constitutional concerns under the First and Fourth Amendments.’’ The PCLOB report fur-ther revealed that although the FISA Court first authorized this program in 2006, it did not issue an opinion setting forth a full legal and constitutional analysis of the program until 2013. 
In March 2014, after consulting with 
the intelligence community, President Obama announced that his administra-tion would work with Congress to pass legislation to end the NSA’s section 215 bulk phone records collection program and to transition to a new program in which the data is not held by the gov-ernment. Ending bulk collection is a key element of what I, Senator L
EE, 
and others have included in the various iterations of the USA FREEDOM Act. 
After the President’s announcement, 
the House of Representatives took ac-tion. Senator L
EE, would you like to 
expand on what transpired in the House? 
Mr. LEE. On May 5, 2014, House Judi-
ciary Committee Chairman G
OODLATTE  
announced that he had agreed with Representatives S
ENSENBRENNER and 
CONYERS on a new version of the USA 
FREEDOM Act. On May 7, 2014, the House Judiciary Committee voted unanimously to report this revised USA FREEDOM Act. The next day, the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence convened a markup to con-sider the version of the bill reported by the House Judiciary Committee and voted unanimously to report the bill to the full House. 
Following action by the House Judi-
ciary and Intelligence Committees, fur-ther changes to the text of the reported bill were considered and a substitute amendment to the USA FREEDOM Act was unveiled on May 20, 2014, when the 
House Rules Committee adopted a rule for floor consideration. Following the release of the substitute amendment, some concerns were raised that the substitute amendment did not effec-tively prohibit bulk collection, even though that was clearly its intent. On May 22, 2014, the House of Representa-tives passed the amended version of the USA FREEDOM Act by a vote of 303 to 121. Many of those who voted no on the bill did so because they were concerned that its reforms did not go far enough. 
After the House passed its version of 
the USA FREEDOM Act, Senator L
EAHY and I worked hard to build on 
that legislation. 
Senator L EAHY , can you talk about 
what led to the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014, S. 2685? 
Mr. LEAHY. Immediately following 
passage of the House version in May 2014, Senator L
EEand I began working 
to address concerns that the text of the House bill, although clearly intended to end bulk collection, did not do so ef-fectively. We spent several months in discussions with the intelligence com-munity and a wide range of stake-holders, including other Senators, pri-vacy and civil liberties groups, and the U.S. technology industry, to build on the framework established by the House-passed bill. 
Those negotiations led to the intro-
duction of the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014, S. 2685, on July 29, 2014. More than 50 organizations, interest groups, trade associations, and technology compa-nies from across the political spectrum publicly endorsed the bill. On Sep-tember 2, 2014, the Attorney General and DNI wrote a letter in support of the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014. The letter noted that the bill preserved the intelligence community’s capabilities while also enhancing privacy and civil liberties and increasing transparency. Likewise, members of the President’s review group wrote a letter to myself and Senator G
RASSLEY , explaining that 
the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014 was consistent with the recommendations contained in their December 2013 re-port. 
On November 12, 2014, Senator R
EID 
filed cloture on the motion to proceed to the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014. A few days later, on November 17, 2014, the Obama administration released a Statement of Administration Policy on the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014 strong-ly supporting passage. 
Despite the wide-ranging support for 
these commonsense reforms, on No-vember 18, 2014, the full Senate failed to invoke cloture on the motion to pro-ceed to the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014, by a vote of 58 to 42. I was extremely disappointed that the Republican lead-ership in the Senate decided to use a procedural vote to block debate and amendments on such an important piece of legislation. 
With the start of the 114th Congress, 
Senator L
EEand I began discussions 
with the House to develop a new version of the USA FREEDOM Act. We 
knew that the June 1, 2015, sunset of several surveillance authorities, in-cluding section 215 of the USA PA-TRIOT Act, would come up fast. For several months, we engaged in con-versations with House Judiciary Com-mittee Chairman G
OODLATTE , Rep-
resentative S ENSENBRENNER , and House 
Judiciary Committee Ranking Member C
ONYERS , as well as officials from the 
administration, intelligence commu-nity, privacy and civil liberties groups, the technology industry, and other stakeholders on a path forward. Those extensive deliberations produced an-other set of bipartisan, bicameral sur-veillance reforms to end the bulk col-lection of Americans’ phone records and amend other surveillance laws. 
On April 28, 2015, Senator L
EEand I 
introduced the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015, S. 1123, and Representatives S
EN-
SENBRENNER , G OODLATTE , C ONYERS , 
NADLER , and others in the House intro-
duced the House companion, H.R. 2048. The Senate version of the bill was originally cosponsored by Senators H
ELLER , DURBIN , CRUZ, FRANKEN , MUR-
KOWSKI , B LUMENTHAL , D AINES , and 
SCHUMER . It has also received the sup-
port of the administration, privacy groups, and the technology industry. 
On May 11, 2015, the Attorney Gen-
eral and Director of National Intel-ligence wrote a letter in strong support of the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015. The letter notes that the legislation ‘‘is a reasonable compromise that preserves vital national security authorities, en-hances privacy and civil liberties and codifies requirements for increased transparency.’’ The Obama administra-tion also issued a Statement of Admin-istration Policy on May 12, 2015, in strong support of the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015. 
In early May, as the House and Sen-
ate were preparing to consider the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015, the Second Cir-cuit issued a decision confirming what we knew all along. 
Senator L
EE? 
Mr. LEE. It did. On May 7, 2015, a 
three-judge panel from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit unanimously concluded that the NSA’s bulk collection program is illegal. The court held that section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act does not authorize bulk collection of Americans’ private records and roundly rejected the argu-ment that all of our phone records can be ‘‘relevant’’ to any particular author-ized investigation. 
In ACLU v. Clapper, the Second Cir-
cuit provided a detailed statutory and legal analysis of section 215 and the bulk collection program. It stated that the government’s ‘‘expansive’’ inter-pretation of ‘‘relevance’’ in the context of Section 215 ‘‘is unprecedented and unwarranted.’’ The court further stat-ed: 
The interpretation that the government 
asks us to adopt defies any limiting prin-ciple. The same rationale that it proffers for the ‘‘relevance’’ of telephone metadata can-not be cabined to such data, and applies 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3427 June 2, 2015 
equally well to other sets of records. If the 
government is correct, it could use §215 to collect and store in bulk any other existing metadata available anywhere in the private sector, including metadata associated with financial records, medical records, and elec-tronic communications (including e-mail and social media information) relating to all Americans. 
Such expansive development of govern-
ment repositories of formerly private records would be an unprecedented contraction of the privacy expectations of all Americans. 
The court also rejected the govern-
ment’s attempt to compare the NSA’s section 215 orders for bulk collection of telephony metadata to grand jury sub-poenas, citing the expansive scope and breadth of the information requested. The court correctly noted: 
The sheer volume of information sought is 
staggering; while search warrants and sub-poenas for business records may encompass large volumes of paper documents or elec-tronic data, the most expansive of such evi-dentiary demands are dwarfed by the volume of records obtained pursuant to the orders in question here. . . . The government can point to no grand jury subpoena that is remotely comparable to the real-time data collection undertaken under this program. 
While the Second Circuit held that 
the NSA bulk collection program was illegal, it did not issue a preliminary injunction to enjoin the program. The Second Circuit remanded the case with instructions for the district court to consider whether an injunction was ap-propriate in light of the upcoming June 1, 2015, expiration of section 215 and on-going efforts in Congress to enact legis-lation before the sunset. 
As both Senator L
EAHY and I have 
mentioned, the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015 passed the House of Representa-tives less than a week later by an over-whelming and bipartisan vote of 338 to 88. 
In order to aid Senators’ consider-
ation of this bill, and to prevent mis-interpretations of Congress’s intent, we want to state clearly that we agree with the section-by-section analysis contained in House Report 114–109, ‘‘UNITING AND STRENGTHENING AMERICA BY FULFILLING RIGHTS AND ENSURING EFFECTIVE DIS-CIPLINE OVER MONITORING ACT OF 2015,’’ to accompany H.R. 2048 as adopt-ed by the House Judiciary Committee on May 8, 2015. There are a few addi-tional matters that Senator L
EAHY and 
I should take an opportunity to clarify. Senator L
EAHY ? 
Mr. LEAHY. The core of this legisla-
tion is its prohibition on the bulk col-lection of records under section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act, the FISA pen register and trap-and-trace device stat-ute, and the national security letter statutes. Though there are some minor wording changes, these provisions are substantively identical to the version in the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014. For section 215 and the FISA pen register and trap and trace device statutes, under the bill the government must use a ‘‘specific selection term’’ to limit its collection and demonstrate reasonable grounds to believe that the records sought are relevant to the underlying 
investigation, which cannot be a threat assessment. These requirements are independent of each other, and both must be satisfied. 
The USA FREEDOM Act of 2015 is 
being considered with full knowledge of the Second Circuit’s decision in ACLU v. Clapper and its interpretation of the term ‘‘relevant,’’ which rejects the prior reading of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court. According to the Second Circuit, information that the government seeks to obtain must be presently relevant to the specific underlying investigation. The Second Circuit correctly noted: 
‘‘Relevance’’ does not exist in the abstract; 
something is ‘‘relevant’’ or not in relation to a particular subject. Thus, an item relevant to a grand jury investigation may not be rel-evant at trial. In keeping with this usage, §215 does not permit an investigative de-mand for any information relevant to fight-ing the war on terror, or anything relevant to whatever the government might want to know. It permits demands for documents ‘‘relevant to an authorized investigation.’’ The government has not attempted to iden-tify to what particular ‘‘authorized inves-tigation’’ the bulk metadata of virtually all Americans’ phone calls are relevant. Throughout its briefing, the government re-fers to the records collected under the tele-phone metadata program as relevant to ‘‘counterterrorism investigations,’’ without identifying any specific investigations to which such bulk collection is relevant. . . . Put another way, the government effectively argues that there is only one enormous ‘‘anti-terrorism’’ investigation, and that any records that might ever be of use in devel-oping any aspect of that investigation are relevant to the overall counterterrorism ef-fort. The government’s approach essentially reads the ‘‘authorized investigation’’ lan-guage out of the statute. Indeed, the govern-ment’s information-gathering under the tele-phone metadata program is inconsistent with the very concept of an ‘‘investigation.’’ 
The USA FREEDOM Act of 2015 reau-
thorizes section 215, but it does so in light of the understanding of how the Second Circuit interprets ‘‘relevance.’’ 
Mr. LEE. I agree that the new re-
quirement for a ‘‘specific selection term’’ in the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015 is separate from the requirement of ‘‘relevance.’’ I would like to clarify one last point. Section 104 of the bill authorizes the FISA Court to impose additional, particularized minimiza-tion procedures for information ob-tained under section 501 of FISA. That section provides that the FISA Court may impose additional procedures re-lated to ‘‘the destruction of informa-tion within a reasonable time period.’’ That provision therefore provides au-thority for the FISA Court to specify a time period within which the govern-ment must destroy information. 
Mr. LEAHY. I have been proud to 
work with Senator L
EEfor nearly 2 
years to develop the legislation that we have been discussing. It has involved many hours of hard work over many months. The result is a solid bill with a set of commonsense reforms that has overwhelming support. The Senate should pass it today. CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on H.R. 2048, an act to reform the authorities of the Fed-eral Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of infor-mation gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Ron 
Johnson, Dean Heller, Steve Daines, Cory Gardner, Johnny Isakson, Richard Burr, Tim Scott, James Lankford, Jeff Flake, Mike Lee, Lisa Murkowski, John Barrasso, Thom Tillis, Chuck Grassley, Richard C. Shelby. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair now directs the clerk to call the roll to ascertain the presence of a quorum. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that we waive the mandatory quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on H.R. 2048, an act to reform the authorities of the Fed-eral Government to require the produc-tion of certain business records, con-duct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal pur-poses, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the 
Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G RA-
HAM). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Virginia (Mr. W ARNER ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
FISCHER ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 83, 
nays 14, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 197 Leg.] 
YEAS—83 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin 
Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cruz Daines Donnelly 
Durbin Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3428 June 2, 2015 
Heller 
Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill 
McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Rounds Sasse Schatz 
Schumer Scott Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—14 
Barrasso 
Cotton Crapo Enzi Ernst Moran 
Paul Risch Roberts Rubio Sanders 
Sessions Shelby Udall 
NOT VOTING—3 
Blunt Graham Warner 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 83, the nays are 14. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
The majority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, the 
Senate will hold a series of votes this afternoon on the underlying bill, and I think it is important for all of us to understand exactly what those amend-ments will do. 
The underlying House bill makes 
some changes in the way the National Security Agency operates and uses what the Supreme Court of the United States has held is not private informa-tion—in other words, the time, dura-tion, and number involved in a tele-phone call that is contained in a typ-ical telephone bill. 
The Supreme Court of the United 
States has said there is no right of pri-vacy in that information. As the Sen-ate knows, what the House bill does is it leaves these phone records in the possession of the telephone company. Then, over a period of 6 months, the National Security Agency is supposed to come up with a means of querying those records in the possession of the various phone companies. 
Some, like me, have wondered why it 
is that we are trying to fix a system that is not broken, because there is ab-solutely no documented record of any abuse of this information as it is cur-rently retained by the NSA. The way it is used is to help the intelligence com-munity discover people who have com-municated with known or suspected terrorists abroad in a way that will help to provide an additional piece of data that will hopefully help them pre-vent terrorist attacks from occurring on our home soil. 
The FBI Director has said that in the 
56 field offices in the United States, every single one of these field offices has an open inquiry with regard to po-tential homegrown terrorist attacks. 
As I mentioned before, in Garland, 
TX, just a few weeks ago, two men traveled from Phoenix, AZ, and ob-tained full-body armor and automatic weapons and were prepared to wreak havoc and murder innocent people in Garland, TX, because they were exer-
cising their First Amendment rights and were displaying cartoons that these two jihadists felt insulted the Prophet Muhammad. 
Thanks to the good police work of a 
Garland police officer, both of those people were taken out of action before they could kill anybody there at that site. But why in the world would we want to take away from our intel-ligence authorities the ability to de-tect whether individuals, such as these two jihadists from Phoenix who trav-eled to Garland, had been commu-nicating with known terrorist tele-phone numbers in Syria or anywhere else in the world? These are foreign telephone numbers that are matched up and provide an essential link and, really, a tripwire for the intelligence community. 
What the amendments that we will 
vote on this afternoon would do is to slow the transition from NSA storage to the telephone company stewardship from the 6 months prescribed in the un-derlying bill. For those who believe that the underlying bill is the correct policy, I do not know why they would object to a little bit of extra time so we can make sure that this is going to work as intended. 
Indeed, the second amendment does 
relate specifically to that. It would re-quire a certification by the Director of National Intelligence that the software is actually in place that will allow the National Security Agency to query the phone records in the possession of the telephone companies. 
Another amendment would provide 
that the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court, which is a group of experi-enced Federal judges who review the requests from the FBI and other law enforcement authorities, would be able to query these telephone records. It would establish a panel of experts, so to speak, to argue against the govern-ment’s case in front of the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Court. As some-body who used to be a judge for some time, this is a rather strange provision because what it does, essentially, is to put a defense attorney in the grand jury room and create an adversarial process at the early stages of an inves-tigation, which may or may not lead up to an indictment in that case. 
The final amendment would require 
the phone companies to notify Con-gress if they are going to change their policy for retaining customer records. This is a serious concern because it could well be that some telephone com-panies will start marketing to poten-tial customers that they will not re-tain any records, thus eliminating an important tool which helps keep Amer-icans safe and has absolutely zero threat to civil liberties. 
There has been so much misrepresen-
tation about what this so-called metadata program has done. I think that is one of the reasons we find our-selves here today. Many who believe the program is useful are reluctant to even talk about it in public because, as 
we know, so much of what is done to protect our country is classified. So rather than have a public debate and actually correct the misstatements of fact and the demagoguery that unfor-tunately attends this subject, many people are simply confused about what exactly is going on and what Congress is doing. But I would just point out that oversight of these programs is ab-solutely rigorous. It is executive, judi-cial, and legislative oversight. It is not a matter of trust as to whether these programs work the way they are sup-posed to; it is actually verified on a regular basis, universally verified. 
Also, we have to go before these Fed-
eral judges known as a FISA Court—a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court—in order to make our case. Un-less we can make our case to these judges that there is reason to continue the investigation, they will shut it down. 
One of the things I think we have for-
gotten is that we want to treat intel-ligence gathering and prevention as we do ordinary law enforcement. What I mean by that is that ordinarily, in the criminal law context, government doesn’t get involved in a case unless something bad has already happened. If there has been an explosion or a mur-der or a bank robbery or something like that, it is after the fact that we try to figure out what happened and then, if we can, to identify the perpe-trator and to bring them to justice. That satisfies an important need in our society to enforce our criminal law, but that is far different from what our intelligence community is supposed to be doing because they are supposed to be detecting threats and intervening in those ongoing schemes and stopping them before they ultimately occur. 
That is the important lesson we 
learned on 9/11. Unfortunately, it has been so long ago now that many people have simply forgotten or they don’t feel as though this is an imminent threat. But when Director Comey says they have open inquiries in all 56 FBI field offices about the potential threat of homegrown terrorists, I take that very seriously. I believe it is absolutely reckless for us to take any unnecessary chances. 
There are some who say this under-
lying bill is important because instead of the National Security Agency col-lecting these telephone numbers, we are going to leave the data with the telephone companies. But none of the people who are going to be querying these records at the phone companies have security clearances. One can just imagine the potential for abuse at the phone companies of these phone records once they receive some sort of request from the government. 
We know the current system as run 
at the National Security Agency is subject to rigorous oversight, as I men-tioned. In addition to the executive, ju-dicial, and legislative oversight, we ac-tually have a private and civil liberties 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3429 June 2, 2015 
oversight board which makes sure that 
we strike the right balance. Nobody wants to see the privacy rights of American citizens undermined, but we all are adult enough to know that there has to be a balance and that in order to provide for security and to avoid terrorist attacks such as oc-curred on 9/11, we are going to have to take some actions to reach the right balance, and I believe the current law does that. 
Unfortunately, we have a traitor 
such as Edward Snowden who selec-tively leaked certain portions of this program, and it has created an uproar. I think that unfortunately, as a result of his leaks and the ensuing political environment after that, America is at greater risk, and that is a terrible shame. 
So I think it is reckless to take a 
chance. We have been fortunate that there have been no terrorist attacks on our homeland since 9/11. Well, I take that back. Five years ago, at Fort Hood, MAJ Nidal Hasan killed 13 peo-ple and injured 30-something more. Of course, we know now that he had been in constant communication over the Internet with Anwar al-Awlaki, who subsequently was killed in a drone strike—even though he was an Amer-ican citizen—overseas. He was overseas because he was recruiting people to Is-lamic extremism, including Nidal Hasan, who killed 13 people at Fort Hood 5 years ago. 
It is simply a fact that the Fourth 
Amendment of the U.S. Constitution involving searches and seizures doesn’t apply to foreign terrorists; it applies to Americans. Under the procedures used under current law, all requests for ad-ditional information are subject to Federal court supervision and permis-sion. 
So we will vote on a number of 
amendments this afternoon. I can tell my colleagues, after talking to a num-ber of our colleagues, many of them have said they don’t really have any disagreement over the content or the policy of these amendments. Actually, these amendments are designed to try to strengthen the underlying House bill. 
We all understand that the House is 
going to prevail in the basic structure of the underlying piece of legislation, but since when did the U.S. Senate outsource its decisionmaking to the other body across the Capitol? We have a bicameral legislature—a Senate and a House—for a reason. We know we make better decisions when we have consultation between the two branches of the legislature—not capitulation but consultation. The Senate should not be a rubberstamp for the House or vice versa. 
I have heard some of our colleagues 
say that if the Senate were to change a period or a comma or a dash in the un-derlying legislation, it would be a poi-son pill, that the House would reject it and we would have nothing to show for our efforts. But I have great faith that if the Senate will do its job and vote to 
pass these underlying amendments and strengthen this underlying bill, the House will take up the bill and vote on it and it will pass. So if my colleagues feel as though these amendments would actually strengthen the under-lying House bill and represent good policy, why in the world would they vote against these amendments be-cause of some fantasy that the House will simply reject any changes at all? Why would they essentially capitulate any of their prerogatives as U.S. Sen-ators to represent their constituents in this body? We all know we make better decisions in consultation with other people. 
Certainly I think it is true that the 
House’s bill is not holy writ. It is not something we have to accept in its en-tirety without any changes. I think where the policy debate should go would be to embrace these amendments and to say that we understand the House wants to change the current cus-tody policy of these phone records and leave them with the phone company, but we sure need to know the new sys-tem will actually work. Doesn’t that make sense? That is why the certifi-cation from the Director of National Intelligence is so important. It makes sense to provide a little bit more time—from 6 months to a year—in order to make sure this transition goes smoothly. 
I know no Member of the Senate and 
no Member of the House and no Amer-ican wants to look back on our hasty treatment of this underlying legisla-tion and say: If we were just a little more careful, if we had just taken a lit-tle bit more time, if we had just been a little more thoughtful, a little more deliberative, and talked about the facts as they are and not some misrepresen-tation of the facts, we could have actu-ally prevented a terrorist attack on our home soil. 
Unfortunately, by increasing the risk 
to the American people, as I believe this underlying legislation will do, we may not find out about that until it is too late. I hope and pray that is not the case, but why should we take the risk to the homeland? Why should we risk anyone being injured or potentially killed as a result of a homegrown ter-rorist attack on our own soil because we have simply blinded ourselves in a significant way to the risks? Not that this is a panacea, not that this is some litmus test, but it is one essential piece of information that will help law en-forcement make the case to not just prosecute crimes after they occur but to prevent them from occurring in the first place through the good and sound use of constitutional intelligence gath-ering in a way that respects the pri-vacy of all Americans but lives up to our first and foremost responsibility, and that is to keep the American peo-ple safe. 
Madam President, I yield to the dis-
tinguished ranking member. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, no-
body disputes that we all want to keep America safe. We all agree on that. We also want to make sure that we keep Americans free and that their constitu-tional freedoms are protected. None of us would think that we were making the country safer if we were to try to pass a law that said law enforcement or anybody else can walk into our homes at any time they want and go through any files we have, follow us anywhere they wanted just on a whim. We would be totally opposed to that. But some would say that in the aftermath of 9/11, in some of the aspects of the PATRIOT Act, we did just that. 
Congressman Armey, who was the 
Republican leader, the majority leader of the House at the time—a very con-servative Republican—he and I joined together after consultation to put into the PATRIOT Act sunset provisions which would require us to have the de-bate we are having right now. 
We talk about consultation. The fact 
is that there have been hours and days and weeks and months of consultation between the House and the Senate on the USA FREEDOM Act. We had a bill before us last year that was filibus-tered. It still got 58 votes. That was done in consultation with the House. The majority leader of the House has already said—the Republican leader— he has warned the Senate not to move ahead with planned changes to the House bill because it could bring real challenges in getting the USA FREE-DOM Act passed through the House again. 
The fact is that we have had so much 
consultation. Senator L
EE, I, Repub-
licans and Democrats have met con-tinuously for months—even a year— with House Republicans and House Democrats to get the bill that is before us now. That is probably why it passed by such a lopsided margin in the House of Representatives. 
My distinguished friend from Texas 
says these are minor changes. Well, ac-tually, they are not. One would weaken the FISA Court amicus authority. We know that for years the FISA Court se-cretly misinterpreted section 215. As a result, after the program leak, that is the only time the FISA Court finally heard the government’s argument. Be-fore that, they only heard the govern-ment. Once a legal reason justifying this program became public, challenges were brought, and the Second Circuit last month ruled unanimously that the program was unlawful. 
Having amicus in there is not having 
a defense attorney in a grand jury room at all. Amicus on questions of law can be invited by the court to step in. This could be a relatively rare case, completely in the discretion of the court. It is hard to talk about weak-ening that further, especially when we are talking about a secret court. 
I oppose the amendment to extend 
the current bulk collection program in place for a full year. We have a 180-day transition period. And the Director of 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3430 June 2, 2015 
the NSA said: ‘‘We are aware of no 
technical or security reason why this cannot be tested and brought online within the 180-day period.’’ I think the NSA Director is as knowledgeable about this subject as anybody in this Chamber, and he says we can go for-ward with it. 
I think all of these amendments that 
are talked about would simply delay passing an excellent piece of legisla-tion, one that has been worked on by Republicans and Democrats for months and even years. Let’s pass it today. 
We hear about stopping terrorism at-
tacks. We all want to do that. But I re-member some of the statements made by a former NSA Director that this had stopped 54 terrorist attacks. When he was pressed on that claim, it came out that the bulk collection program was only important after the fact in one case—and that was not a terrorist at-tack. 
We also know that 9/11 could have 
been avoided. The evidence was there. The information was there. But the dots had not been connected. Every-body was frantically taking informa-tion they already had—recordings they already had after 9/11—and saying: We ought to get around to translating what is in these things. We know that in Minnesota, the FBI warned that peo-ple were taking flight lessons and there was no good reason. That warning was ignored. They basically were told: We know better. 
I remember the day or so after the 
attack, at FBI Headquarters, people were calling in with information from different field offices. Somebody would write it down and would hand it to somebody else who would rewrite it and hand it to somebody else who would put it in a file. They would char-ter planes to bring photographs around to different places so our offices could see them. And I said: Well, why don’t we just email the photographs? They would say: Well, we don’t have the abil-ity to do that. I said: Well, my 11-year- old neighbor could do it for you if that would help. 
The fact of the matter is we had the 
information prior to our own new laws, and it didn’t make us safer—any more safer than when we voted for $2 to $3 trillion to go into Iraq because, as the Vice President and others were saying, they were about to attack us with nu-clear weapons, and they were implying they were involved in 9/11. 
Mr. WYDEN. Will the distinguished 
ranking member yield? 
Mr. LEAHY. Yes. Mr. WYDEN. I think the ranking 
member has made a number of very im-portant points here. 
The fact of the matter is that we are 
all here because the majority leader wasn’t able to defeat the surveillance reform. So instead, he has chosen to in-troduce amendments designed to water it down. I am disappointed by this. I will oppose all of these amendments, and I want to have a colloquy briefly with the ranking minority member. The ranking minority member and 
our colleague from Connecticut, Sen-ator B
LUMENTHAL , have done very good 
reform work with respect to the FISA Court. In particular, what the distin-guished Senator from Vermont has done, with the help of the Senator from Connecticut, is to bring some very im-portant sunshine and transparency to the court. As my two colleagues have pointed out on the Judiciary Com-mittee, we really meet on the major questions—not all of them, as the Sen-ator from Vermont has just said—but what is really needed is to make sure that both sides get a chance to be heard, not just the government side. 
So what troubles me—and I am inter-
ested in the reaction of my colleague from Vermont, and I want to praise him and my colleague from Con-necticut—is that it seems to me that what the Senate majority leader wants to do is basically to take us back to the days of secret law. 
What is important, as we get into 
this, and particularly with this amend-ment, is that there is a difference be-tween secret operations and secret law. Operations always have to be kept se-cret. 
I see my friend Chairman B
URRhere. 
We serve on the Intelligence Com-mittee together. The two of us feel so strongly about making sure secret op-erations are kept secret because other-wise Americans are going to die. We can’t have secret operations splayed all hither and yon in the public square. 
But the law always ought to be pub-
lic. As Senator L
EAHY has pointed out 
for some time—and I warned about it here on the floor—what we would see is, if you live in Connecticut or Vermont, the PATRIOT Act talked about collecting information relevant to investigation. Nobody thought that meant millions and millions of records on law-abiding people. That decision was made in secret. It was made with-out the reforms advocated by the Sen-ator from Connecticut and the Senator from Vermont. 
So I would be interested in my col-
league from Vermont’s reaction to the majority leader’s amendment to scale back your very constructive reforms on the FISA Court. And my sense is that what the majority leader’s approach would do would take us back to the days of secret law. I think that is a mistake, and I would be curious about the reaction of my colleague from Vermont on this. 
Mr. LEAHY. I would say to my friend 
from Oregon that the American people want to know how the laws are being interpreted. They want to know what the courts are doing. 
As to secret operations, of course, 
you have had briefings on those. I have had briefings on those. I have been in places I will not name here. They are places overseas where I was there in the operations center as operations were taking place and being briefed on what they did, where they got the in-formation, and what they were going to do next. Of course, none of that you 
want to be reading in the press or see-ing in real time. 
But I also know that when we are 
dealing with Americans and with their lives and with their sense of privacy, we have to protect them. The USA FREEDOM Act makes very simple changes to the FISA court. The bill provides the FISA Court with the au-thority to designate individuals who have security clearances to be able to serve as an amicus or a friend of the court. It is triggered in only relatively rare cases involving a novel or signifi-cant issue of law, and the decision of appointment is left entirely up to the court. That is about as narrowly drawn as you can get. But I think we have to have this ability to know what the court is doing because we have known for years that the FISA Court secretly misinterpreted Section 215 to allow for the dragnet collection of Americans’ phone records. 
I would be happy to yield to the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, who has worked so hard on this and is a former attor-ney general of his own State. 
My own experience in getting search 
warrants for phone records or anything else as a prosecutor—and I realize it is not of the complexity of what we have today, but I realize we had to follow the law—is that, ultimately, that pro-tects us more than anything else. I do not want this administration or any other administration to have the abil-ity just to go anywhere they want. I am not encouraged by those who say this is so carefully maintained. We were given information earlier that just a small number of people can have access to those records. I guess it is one less since Edward Snowden walked out the door with all of it. 
I will yield to the Senator from Con-
necticut if he would like to speak on this subject. 
The Senator from Oregon has been 
such a strong and passionate leader on this, and I know from what I hear from the people of my State and when I am down in his State that people want us to be safe, but they also want their pri-vacy protected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The Senator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I thank the 
Chair. 
Mr. President, I am very grateful for 
the opportunity to follow my distin-guished colleague from Vermont and to emphasize some of the points that he has just made. But first let me thank Senator W
YDEN for his leadership and 
his courage on this issue of foreign in-telligence surveillance reform. He has helped to lead this effort, long before I was in the Senate, in favor of more transparency and accountability. Those are among the overarching ob-jectives here. 
My colleague from Vermont, who 
shares with me a background as a pros-ecutor, rightly makes a point that war-rants and other means of surveillance when prosecutors seek them are sought 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3431 June 2, 2015 
ultimately from judges. I want to 
speak to some of the myths and mis-conceptions here that endanger this key reform. 
Our colleague from Texas, whom I 
greatly respect, has argued that the FISA Court is like a grand jury. In fact, he has said that an amicus should not be appointed, in effect, to intervene with a body that is like a grand jury. Well, the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court is not a grand jury, as my colleague from Oregon has said very well. The FISA Court makes law. It in-terprets the law in ways that are bind-ing as legal precedents. Far from being like a grand jury, as a truly investiga-tive tool of the court, the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Court is a court. In fact, it is composed of article III judges who do as they do on their own district courts or appellate courts; that is, they interpret law and thereby, in effect, make law. 
To keep that law secret is a dis-
service to the American people and to our legal system. To have only one side represented skews and, in effect, im-pedes the operations of that court be-cause we know that judges make better decisions when they hear both sides and rights are better protected. Even so, the FISA Court needs to hear from that amicus panel only when it chooses to do so, ultimately. 
It has the discretion under the stat-
ute, as it exists now, to decide to ap-point an amicus in any particular mat-ter. It is required to appoint an amicus in novel or significant cases unless— and the word ‘‘unless’’ is in the stat-ute—it issues a finding that the ap-pointment is not appropriate. It can make that finding whenever it wishes to do so. So the discretion is for the FISA Court in whether to hear from an amicus, even under the bill that the USA FREEDOM Act is now. It can per-mit the amicus to address privacy, technology or any other area relevant to the matter before the court—not just constitutional rights. And that leads to the second misinterpretation, if I may say so, in the remarks made by my colleague from Texas. 
The bill does not direct an amicus to 
oppose intelligence activity or to op-pose the government’s view or position. In fact, it is to enlighten the court. In some instances it may oppose the gov-ernment, but it is as part of that proc-ess of constructively arriving at the correct legal interpretation—not as a kind of knee-jerk reaction to oppose the government. 
Again, I stress, a novel or significant 
issue in the discretion of the court may be addressed by the amicus. What the amendment does is to deprive the ami-cus or expert panel of the access it needs to facts and law to be the best that it can be in interpreting, arguing, and protecting rights. It, in effect, bars access to past precedents of the court, to briefings from intelligence experts, to facts that may be known to the De-partment of Justice or intelligence agencies. That hampering and hobbling of the amicus in no way serves the 
cause of justice. It in no way serves the cause of intelligent intelligence activi-ties—in fact, it undermines that activ-ity. 
It undermines trust and confidence in 
the court. This court has operated in secret. It has heard arguments in se-cret. It has issued opinions in secret. It is the kind of court our Founders would have found an anathema to their vision of democracy and freedom. We may need such a court now to author-ize surveillance activities that must be kept secret, but we need to strike a balance that protects very precious constitutional rights and liberties. 
After all, what does our surveillance 
and intelligence system protect if not these fundamental values and rights of privacy and liberties that have lasted and served us well because we respect them? 
More than a physical structure that 
we seek to protect through this sys-tem, it is those values and rights that are fundamentally paramount and im-portant. So this FISA Court reform goes to the core of the changes—con-structive changes that we seek to make. I hope my colleagues will defeat amendment 1451, along with all of the other amendments, because the prac-tical effect of adopting amendments is it further delays implementation of the USA FREEDOM Act at a time when our country may be at risk from the expiration of the PATRIOT Act. We cannot afford for this country—— 
Mr. WYDEN. Will my colleague yield 
for a question on that point? 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I will be happy 
to yield. 
Mr. WYDEN. Because I think, again, 
my colleague from Connecticut has spoken to what the stakes are here. For the last decade, intelligence offi-cials have been relying on secret inter-pretations of their authorities that have been very different from the plain reading of public law. The public has seen the consequences of that, and they are angry because the American people know we can have policies that pro-mote both security and liberty. 
I would just like to ask a question of 
my colleague with the respect to what the implications would be of hollowing out the good work you and Senator L
EAHY have done with respect to hav-
ing more transparency and both sides making a case on key questions with respect to the FISA Court. I would like to note that the majority leader’s sec-ond amendment delays implementation of other important reforms that you all have dealt with. 
For example, one question I was 
asked about at a townhall meeting just this past weekend in Tillamook, OR, where I was, is people were concerned about what would we do to protect our Nation when there was an emergency. You all, in your good work, have, in ef-fect, said you would strengthen the language to make sure that when there was an emergency—government offi-cials already can issue an emergency authorization to get the business 
records and you would then seek court approval, and you all strengthen that. 
All of you on the Judiciary Com-
mittee said: We are going to provide another measure of security for the American people; in other words, we are going to protect their liberty and we are going to strengthen their secu-rity. It looks to me like the combina-tion of the majority leader’s two amendments scaling back the reforms, the transparency reforms in the FISA Court, and delaying the strengthening of emergency authorities that can pro-tect the American people without jeop-ardizing their liberty would really roll back the kind of reforms the American people want. 
I would be interested in my col-
league’s reaction to that. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I am happy for 
that very pertinent and important question from my colleague from Or-egon. In fact, the majority leader’s amendments would not only scale back and roll back the protections for the American people in the event of exi-gent or urgent situations, they would also undermine the confidence and trust of the American people in this system to protect the homeland. 
Delaying these kinds of reforms un-
dermines the goal of protecting our na-tional security as well as preserving our fundamental constitutional rights. Delay is an enemy here. Uncertainty is an adversary. We owe it to the Amer-ican people not only to restore their trust and confidence and sustain the faith of the American people in the in-telligence agencies but also to make it more transparent, where it can be made so without compromising secu-rity and increasing accountability. 
That is what the FISA Court reforms 
do. That is why the Director of Na-tional Intelligence as well as the Attor-ney General, the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board, the President’s Review Group, at least two former FISA Court judges, civil rights advo-cates, and representatives of many of the most informed and able in our in-telligence community all support these reforms. 
The Director of National Intelligence 
and the Attorney General said in 2014, ‘‘The appointment of an amicus in se-lected cases as appropriate need not interfere with the important aspects of the FISA process, including the process of ex parte consultation between the court and the government.’’ 
Ex parte communication, in effect, 
secret conversation or consultation, can continue to go forward under this bill. The amendment would not alter that fact. The amendment simply makes the amicus less effective by de-priving that amicus of access to facts and law that are necessary to do its job. So, in my view, these amendments fundamentally undermine the purpose of reforms that a vast bipartisan ma-jority of this body has already ap-proved today. It is an increasingly large margin that has voted for these 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3432 June 2, 2015 
reforms, recognizing what I hear from 
Connecticut, what my colleagues hear in their States; that people want to be-lieve the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court is, in fact, operating as a court, hearing both sides, keeping se-crets but at the same time increasing public access to facts and laws that are important to them without compro-mising our national security. 
I hope my colleagues will vote to re-
ject these amendments. As the Senator from Oregon has said, adopting them will simply serve to delay reforms that are necessary. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, there are 
always two sides of every picture, two sides of every story. I have tremendous affection for Ranking Member L
EAHY . 
We are friends. We look at this issue differently. I have deep respect for Sen-ator B
LUMENTHAL , Senator W YDEN . 
The fact is I look at history a little 
bit differently and I look at the future a little bit differently because I think what the American people want to be-lieve is that America is doing every-thing possible to keep them safe. I think, at the end of the day, that is the single most important issue: Are we doing everything we can to keep Amer-ica safe? 
Now, Senator W
YDEN opposes section 
215. He talked about changes. He is op-posed to section 215. He is a member of the committee. I know exactly where he stands, and I respect it. The fact is that 215 is a very effective program. My colleagues are right. It was not a pub-lic program until Eric Snowden, a trai-tor to the United States, published a lot of information about what the in-telligence community does. This was one small piece. Eric Snowden put the lives of Americans and foreigners at risk in what he released. 
You cannot put the genie back in the 
bottle, but you also cannot hide from the fact that this program enabled us to thwart terrorist attacks here and abroad. I quoted the four of them yes-terday. This program itself was what we were able to use post the Boston Marathon bombing to figure out whether the Tsarnaev brothers had an international connection that directed that horrific event at that marathon. 
Yes, the FISA Court operates in se-
cret. Why? It is the same reason the Senate sometimes clears the Galleries, shuts the doors, cuts off the TV, and as an institution only cleared people here—classified and top secret informa-tion—can make decisions. Therein de-
scribes the FISA Court. They always deal with classified and top secret doc-uments. They are called on a minute’s notice. No other court in the world re-sponds like that. There is a FISA judge on the bench 24/7, 365 days a year. It ro-tates. These are the best of the best of the judicial system around the coun-try, picked by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. 
Could it be open? Sure. But we would 
then expose either classified and top secret documents or we could not use 
the documents to make the case to the FISA Court that we have a suspected individual of terrorism and we need the authority to see who that person is. Well, we have heard a lot about the FISA Court. A lot of it is true. 
The people who serve on the bench 
are heroes because they take the toughest cases America is presented with, and they rule on them in the most judicial way they possibly can, demanding, over 25 percent of the time, that an application be resubmitted after changes because they did not think it had met the threshold. 
Much has been focused on the 
changes to the amicus language or the ‘‘friend of the court.’’ This is not a nor-mal court. When the choice is to go to the FISA Court, it is because we are concerned. We are concerned about an imminent threat. 
Let me explain, once again, for my 
colleagues and for the American people what the section 215 program is. It is a program where at the NSA we collect raw telephone numbers from telephone companies—numbers, not names. 
We have a number that does not have 
a person’s name with it. They are deidentified. We collect a number, the date the call was made, and the dura-tion of the call. For us to trigger any search or we call it query of that data-base, we have to have a foreign tele-phone number that we know is a tele-phone number used by a terrorist. 
Those are all the components of the 
section 215 program. That is it. We can have a database, but without a foreign terrorist telephone number, we cannot search the database. If we have a for-eign terrorist telephone number and no database, which is where we are mov-ing to—I concede this legislation is going to move, and we are going to transition over to hundreds of tele-phone companies. 
Now, rather than have a number of 
people controlled and supervised within the NSA to carry out these queries, we are going to have telephone company employees carry out a query with a known foreign terrorist’s telephone number against all of the numbers in their database. Again, hopefully, they will not tie a person’s name to it. We do not even get a person’s name at the NSA. 
The only people who should be wor-
ried are Americans who have actually had a communication with a known terrorist abroad. Now, I think when the American people hear me talk about this, up to this point they are saying: That is a good thing. We want to know if somebody here has talked to a ter-rorist because we want to be kept safe. 
Well, not only are we shifting the 
database out of the NSA over to the telephone companies, which means our response time is going to be delayed— let me remind everybody that whether we search the meta database at NSA or whether we search the database at the telephone company, we first have to go to the FISA Court and get a court order that says: You have the author-
ity to do this based upon what you have presented the court. 
Now we have to go to the telephone 
companies, and in a timeframe that is conducive to them, they are going to search their database for a known ter-rorist’s cell phone number, and now we are relying on hundreds of companies to search their database in a timely fashion and get back to us because we are trying to be in front of a threat versus behind a threat. In front of a threat, it is called intelligence; behind a threat, it is called an investigation. 
When we thwarted the New York City 
subway bombing, we were in front of the threat. That was intelligence. When we reacted to the Boston Mara-thon, that was an investigation led by the FBI, not the NSA. 
So when you inject this new require-
ment for a friend of the court—and I would disagree with my colleagues. This is not a voluntary thing for the FISA Court. It is something that is available to the FISA Court today if they choose to have somebody come in to counsel them on something. This is mandatory. In the legislation, it says ‘‘shall.’’ The court shall set up a panel. The court shall choose a friend of the court. A friend of the court is not there to facilitate a timely processing of in-formation. 
Let me remind everybody that we are 
dealing with the safety of the Amer-ican people. They always stress this at the end of the conversation: We want the confidence and trust to be rebuilt that we are protecting our homeland. If you are moving a database, you are making it slower. Now you are setting up a mechanism inside to slow it down even more. 
What we are doing is shifting from 
intelligence gathering to investiga-tions. Nobody knows how long it is going to take from the time we present the FISA Court with a foreign terror-ist’s telephone number before we actu-ally complete a search process within this new database. 
I happen to be the one behind a 12- 
month transition versus a 6-month transition, and it was all stimulated off of exactly the same person whom Sen-ator B
LUMENTHAL or Senator W YDEN  
quoted. They said the Director of the NSA said: We think we can do this in 6 months. 
Well, I am telling you, if I am the 
general public in America and I am concerned about my safety and the people who are supposed to be pro-tecting me say ‘‘I think I can do this in 6 months’’—I would like somebody to say ‘‘I am absolutely 100 percent sure I can do it in 6 months.’’ But they think they can do it in 6 months. There is the reason for a year. There is the reason for a longer transition period. 
If privacy were really the concern— 
and everybody has come down and said: I want to protect the privacy of the American people. Let me point out a couple of things. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3433 June 2, 2015 
No. 1, we didn’t collect anybody’s 
name in this program. It is hard to in-trude on somebody’s privacy when you didn’t collect their name. We collected the number, the date of the call, and the duration of the call. That is it. Anything else that turns into an inves-tigation is the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation going to a court and saying: We have to have more information be-cause we know the President of the 
Senate is a potential threat to us. And then more information can be found out, such as his identity and anything else that might be part of the inves-tigation. But from the standpoint of the NSA, those are the only things we have—a telephone number, a date, and the duration of the call. 
If privacy is the concern, I don’t 
think we have breached it. As a matter of fact, since this program has been in existence, there has not been one case of a breach of anybody’s privacy—not one. 
If they were truly concerned about 
privacy, they would be on the floor today with a bill abolishing the CFPB, which is a government agency, a gov-ernment entity that collects every fi-nancial transaction of the American people by name, by date, by amount, by transaction. But they are not down here doing that. Why? Because they don’t like the fact that the FISA Court operates in secret. They don’t think there should be classified or top-secret documents. They believe everything should be transparent. 
Well, let me say to my colleagues, 
my friends, and to the American people that we have done more over the last month to destroy the capacity of this program because of the debate we have had. There is not a terrorist in the world now who doesn’t understand that using a cell phone or a land line is probably a pretty bad thing. It prob-ably puts a target on their backs. We have done a great job of chasing people to alternative methods of communica-tion, and I would suggest to you that is not making America any safer. If any-thing, maybe we should have had this debate in secret simply so we wouldn’t give them a roadmap as to what we do. 
Therein lies the reason that there are 
some things on which I think there is a determination made by the executive branch and by the legislative branch and I think in many cases at the dining room tables around America where Americans say: You know, you don’t need to share everything with me. I am tired of hearing things on the nightly news that I think shouldn’t be dis-cussed. 
This probably happens to be one of 
them because it doesn’t make us more safe, it makes us less safe. 
I will end the same way Senator 
B
LUMENTHAL did. People want to be-
lieve—question mark. I think people want to believe we are doing every-thing we possibly can to strengthen our national security, to eliminate the threat of terrorism here and abroad. My fear, quite frankly, is that this bill doesn’t accomplish that. Again, I have deep affection for those 
whose names are on the bill and for what they believe is the intent. But I think that at the end of the day the 
only responsible thing to do right now is to accept three amendments—one, a substitute, and two, a first-degree and a second-degree amendment. 
Let me say briefly that the sub-
stitute incorporates two changes. One change is that the telephone companies would be required to notify 6 months in advance of any change in their reten-tion program—in other words, how long they hold the data. I have received calls from both big telecom companies today, and they have both said: We have no problem with that. 
The second one would have the Direc-
tor of National Intelligence certify at the end of the transition period that technologically we can make the tran-sition. I don’t find anybody who has really objected to that. 
Then there is an amendment that ex-
tends the transition period from 6 months to 12 months. There have been people who object to that. I would only tell you we have a difference of opin-ion. They are willing to trust the NSA on their ability to make the transition in 6 months. I think that is ironic be-cause the reason we are here having this debate is because they have made us believe we can’t trust NSA. Yet, they are willing to trust the NSA rel-ative to a transition time that is suffi-cient to accomplish the transition. 
Let’s err on the side of caution. Let’s 
do it at 12 months. If they can do it sooner, then let them petition us, Con-gress can pass it, and we will turn to it sooner. But let’s not get to 6 months and be challenged with not being ready to make that transition. 
The last one is a change to amicus 
language. Clearly, that is the biggest difference we have. I would say to my colleagues that you either vote for the amendment or you vote against it. If you vote for it, you will delay the time it will take for us to connect the dots between a foreign terrorist’s telephone number and a domestic telephone num-ber they might have talked to. If that doesn’t bother Members and it doesn’t bother the public, I am all for giving the American people what they want. But I think most American citizens sit at home and say: You know, the faster you do this, the safer I am. I have a re-sponsibility first and foremost to the protection of the American people. It is in our oath. 
I also share something with the Pre-
siding Officer and my colleagues who are here—to protect the rights and lib-erties of the American people. And as the chairman of the Intelligence Com-mittee, I don’t think we have in any way infringed on that. 
I am now in year 21. I have come a 
lot closer to the line than I ever dreamed when I came to Congress in 1995. But I also never envisioned an event as horrific as 9/11. I never envi-sioned an enemy as brutal as ISIL or Al Qaeda or the Houthis. I could go on and on. What has changed since 9/11? On 9/11, 
we had one terrorist organization that had America in its crosshairs. Today, we have tens to twenties of organiza-tions that are offshoots of terrorist or-ganizations that would like to commit something right here in the United States. The threat hasn’t become less; it has become more. We are on the floor today talking about taking away some of the tools that have been effec-tive in helping us thwart attacks. It is the wrong debate to have, but we are here. 
I would only ask my colleagues to 
show some reason. Extend by 6 months the transition period. Make sure it doesn’t take longer to search these databases. Make sure we are ready for the telephone companies to carry out the searches because there is one cer-tainty on which I think I would find agreement from all of my colleagues here: The terrorists aren’t going away. America is still their target. No matter what we say on this floor, we are still in the crosshairs of their terrorist acts. 
Only by providing the intelligence 
community and the law enforcement community the tools to carry out their job can they actually fulfill their obli-gation of making sure America is safe well into the future. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
RUZ). The Senator from South Da-
kota. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I hope 
our colleagues in the Senate and the American people are listening to this discussion because there isn’t anything that is more important than defending our country. The debate we are having in the Senate today is really about the tools our intelligence community uses to prevent terrorist attacks. 
As we look at and discuss the legisla-
tion in front of us, I think it is very important that we not forget we are living in dangerous times. This is the most dangerous time, literally, since 9/ 11 in terms of the terrorist activity that is out there. As the Senator from North Carolina pointed out, we have a big bull’s-eye. The United States and people in this country, the things we believe in—the terrorists would love nothing more than to be able to take out and destroy, through some ter-rorist act, Americans and American in-terests. So I think it is very critical. 
The Senator from North Carolina did 
a great job. I know the Senator from Indiana is going to speak here on the subject in a few minutes. But I hope ev-eryone listens carefully because we are on the cusp of doing something that does weaken the very tools that have been used, the very capabilities that have been used to prevent those ter-rorist attacks. 
The ironic thing about it, as you 
frame this up, you look at the threats that are out there, the dangerous times in which we live, and the success of these programs and how effective they have been in the past at preventing a terrorist attack, and what is being 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3434 June 2, 2015 
talked about are potential abuses, hy-
pothetical examples of how these pro-grams could be abused, but they haven’t been. The fact is, they haven’t been. 
We have a long period of time now in 
which to examine the effectiveness of these tools relative to the arguments that are being made about their abuse. They just don’t exist. There isn’t a doc-umented case, in the time these tools have been in existence, of anybody’s privacy being breached. 
So it is very important that we look 
at these issues in light of what we are up against and what our No. 1 responsi-bility is; that is, defending Americans and Americans’ interests. And this dis-cussion is critical to that. 
THE ECONOMY  
Mr. President, I wish to speak on an-
other subject this morning, and that has to do with the headline of the New York Times from Friday morning of last week, which I thought was pretty grim, and that is ‘‘U.S. Economy Con-tracted 0.7% in First Quarter.’’ Let me repeat that. Not only did our economy fail to grow in the first quarter of 2015, it actually shrank. 
That is pretty discouraging news for 
millions of Americans still struggling in the Obama economy, and the Obama administration didn’t offer them any consolation. Too often the administra-tion has met stories of economic woe with excuses: uncertainty in the eurozone, not enough foreign demand, the Japanese tsunami, too much snow, too many congressional Republicans, and of course the Obama administra-tion’s favorite excuse, the Bush admin-istration. 
This time, among other things, the 
administration is blaming the meas-urements themselves. The administra-tion claims the Bureau of Economic Analysis is not accurately measuring economic growth from quarter to quar-ter. Now, of course, the Department of Commerce should always be looking for ways to modernize our measure-ments and adjust for seasonal changes, but no arithmetical sleight of hand can disguise the fact that our underlying economy is so weak that isolated events can shut down economic growth altogether and actually push our econ-omy into the red. 
Economic growth has averaged an 
abysmal 2.2 percent under this admin-istration since the end of the recession. That is one of the weakest economic recoveries in the past 70 years. If the Obama recovery had met the average economic growth experienced in all post-World War II recoveries, our econ-omy would be $1.9 trillion larger than it is today. 
If you look at the President’s record, 
it is easy to see why our economy is still sputtering along: a failed $1 tril-lion stimulus, $1.6 trillion in new taxes, the President’s health care law, which raised premiums for families and in-creased costs for small businesses, 2,222 new regulations costing more than $653 billion in new compliance costs, a Fed-eral debt that has doubled on the Presi-
dent’s watch, a financial reform bill that has overreached and is stifling community banks and lending across the country, and a runaway EPA that wants to increase electricity rates on families who are already struggling with stagnant wages and now—now— wants to regulate ditches and ponds in farm fields across the country. 
All of this has led some economists 
to wonder if 2 percent growth is the new normal. If it is, it is very bad news for American families who will face a future that is less prosperous with less economic opportunity and mobility. 
During the entire postwar period, 
from 1947 to 2013, our Nation averaged 3.3 percent growth. At that pace, the standard of living in America almost doubles every 30 years. Incomes rise, fi-nancial security increases, and more people are able to afford homes, take vacations, and save for higher edu-cation. At the pace of growth we have seen since 2007, on the other hand, it will take closer to 99 years for the standard of living to double. 
Unfortunately, our recent weak eco-
nomic growth shows every sign of con-tinuing. The Congressional Budget Of-fice projects our economy will grow at an average pace of 2.5 percent through 2018 and just 2.2 percent from 2020 through 2025. 
That is not good news for American 
families. For generations, individuals have clung to the promise America has always held out: If you work hard, you could build a better life for yourself and an even better one for your chil-dren. But after years of economic stag-nation, that promise is now in jeop-ardy. 
A survey released last September re-
ported that nearly half of Americans over 18 believe their children will be worse off financially than they are. A similar percentage of Americans no longer believe if you work hard you will get ahead. 
Their disillusionment is not sur-
prising. The weak economic growth we have experienced over the past several years has left families struggling to make ends meet. Americans are strug-gling to make health care costs and to make mortgage payments. They are no longer sure they can put their children through college and retire comfortably. Some have even lost their homes. Good-paying jobs are few and far be-tween. 
The U.S. Census Bureau reports that 
for the time since the government began tracking the number, more busi-nesses are closing each year than are being opened. Think about that. More businesses are closing. There are more business deaths than there are business births in this country today. 
Millions of Americans are unem-
ployed, and millions more are being forced to work part time because they can’t find full-time work. Forty per-cent of unemployed Americans have become so disillusioned with the lack of opportunity, they have given up en-tirely looking for work—40 percent. 
That is a staggering number. If the un-employment rate were changed to re-flect the number of unemployed who have given up looking for work, our current unemployment rate would be well over 9 percent. 
The good news is that things don’t 
have to stay that way. We can enact progrowth policies that will return our economy to a more prosperous path in the 21st century. According to former CBO Director Douglas Holtz-Eakin, the differences between 2.5 percent growth and 3.5 percent growth would have a major impact on the quality of life for low- and middle-income families. 
If our economy grows at a rate that 
is just 1 percentage point faster than what is projected, we will have 2
1⁄2mil-
lion more jobs and average incomes will be $9,000 higher. Average incomes would be $9,000 higher if we grow just 1 percentage point faster than what is projected. For a lot of Americans, that is the difference between owning your home and renting one. It is the dif-ference between being able to send your kids to college or forcing them to go deeply into debt to pay for their education. It is the difference between a secure retirement and being forced to work well into old age. 
Additionally, the CBO estimates that 
for every additional one-tenth percent increase in economic growth, it reduces our deficits by $300 billion over the next 10 years. That means an addi-tional percentage point in economic growth will reduce our deficits by $3 trillion over the next 10 years, and that in turn—reducing deficits—would fur-ther enhance economic growth. 
Senate Republicans have laid out a 
number of policies to help grow the economy and open up opportunities for low- and middle-income Americans. We proposed energy policies that will ex-pand domestic energy development which will help drive down energy prices. We are advancing trade policies that will help create more opportuni-ties for American workers here at home by increasing the market for U.S. goods and services abroad. We have proposed tax reform that will simplify our outdated Tax Code and make our businesses more competitive, which will open up new jobs and opportunities for American workers. We have laid out entitlement reforms that will keep our promises to our seniors while pro-tecting our economy by reducing our long-term deficits. We are pushing for regulatory reforms that will rein in the out-of-control government bureauc-racies that are stifling economic growth. 
Years and years of government over-
spending, burdensome taxation, mas-sive government programs—many of which don’t work—and excessive regu-lation have taken their toll on our economy, but we can still undo that damage. For generations, America has held out the promise of hope and oppor-tunity, and Republicans are committed to ensuring it does so again. We invite 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3435 June 2, 2015 
our colleagues to join us because we 
can have a better, brighter, and more prosperous future for future genera-tions of Americans by changing direc-tions, changing the policies, doing away with the regulations, the over-reaching government that has made it so difficult for so many Americans to get ahead. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, we are 
fortunately moving forward on this issue of extreme importance to the se-curity of the American people. These are necessary procedures we should take to do everything we can to ensure our safety, to publicly discuss and de-bate the issue of terrorist threat and the measures the people’s government is taking to defend our country and to defend each individual American from being a victim of terrorism. 
As Senator B
URR, chairman of the In-
telligence Committee, just related, the threat to our certain security and to our safety has never been stronger, never been more threatening, with the proliferation of terrorist organizations, the unfortunate proliferation of the in-spiration that is being provided through social media to any number of American citizens—and those who may not be citizens but are residing in this country—to take up arms or to create a bomb or bring harm to Americans in the name of support for jihad, in the name of ISIS, in the name of Al Qaeda, in the name of support for the extreme fundamentalist activities of terrorists that are prevailing not only through the Middle East but affecting the world in various places. 
We know through intelligence gath-
ering and through public statements, the United States has been put in the crosshairs. ‘‘Kill Americans, no matter how you do it, take it up. We will learn today, if we haven’t learned already,’’ something that has just come across the wires of someone who was attempt-ing to do just that, and we just see more and more references to these types of attacks. 
Unfortunately, we are in a period of 
time when one of the methods we had to try to detect these threats is no longer in operation. It is not in oper-ation because the authorization for going forward with this program, de-scribed as section 215 of the PATRIOT Act—the collection of raw telephone numbers, not anybody’s name but raw telephone numbers—that we could use as a base to determine whether, from a foreign source, a known terrorist or someone connected to a terrorist orga-nization is talking to somebody in the United States. That is the program. Unfortunately, that program is dark. It is shut down. It shut down at midnight Sunday. 
The program was shut down because 
we could not achieve support for even a minimum extension of time for which to better understand the program, to better debate and discuss the program, to make adjustments necessary to en-
sure that Americans’ privacy was not being breached. Several requests were made and, unfortunately, one Member, exercised his right to say no to a unan-imous consent request, and we were in a position where we had to ask for con-sent driven by our procedural process we have to go through to achieve a vote. But, that vote was rejected time after time after time. So on the basis of one Member’s objection, we have what I believe, what many believe, and what those who better understand this now that we have been able to disclose what it is believe is a necessary tool that ought to be in place. 
This program ought to be in place for 
the very purpose of doing everything we can to prevent another 9/11, to pre-vent something much worse than 9/11, which would involve a 9/11 type of ac-tion coupled and married with a weap-on of mass destruction. Where an at-tack in New York would not result in 3,000 in casualties—it would potentially result in 3 million casualties or even more or something concocted by a small group of people who would shoot up a shopping mall or rush into an ele-mentary school or just simply take down someone on the subway system or an individual attack by someone with a knife or an ax or a gun. 
One of the essential programs we 
have had that has been successful has been under attack in terms of breach-ing the privacy of American citizens. I think it has been made clear in the last few days that there has been no abuse of this program and that no one’s pri-vacy has been breached. The only alle-gation that holds true is that it has the potential to breach someone’s privacy. Over the years, there has never been documented abuse. No one’s privacy has been breached. To shut down a pro-gram with that kind of record on the basis that something could happen, that government could use this, I know resonates with a number of people in the United States. I really don’t blame them. 
This current administration’s poli-
cies have created great distrust among the American people as to their leader-ship, as to their operations, as to their policies. 
When we look at what has taken 
place with the IRS, definitely breach-ing people’s privacy for political pur-poses, when we look at Benghazi and the coverup that has taken place in Benghazi, with the administration re-fusing to stand up and take responsi-bility for not responding adequately and changing the narrative and rewrit-ing the intelligence. And when we look at Fast and Furious and the agency re-sponsible there. I fully understand not just the frustration but the anger that American people have and the distrust they have. 
One of the most difficult issues those 
of us in the Intelligence Committee have had to deal with is that when there are descriptions of policies that are implemented in terms of providing for an intelligence gathering and nec-
essary response to prevent terrorist at-tacks, that information is classified. So when we see the program being mis-represented and described as something that it isn’t, we don’t have the ability to respond. We can’t go to the press without breaching our oath to secrecy. We do not and cannot release classified material. 
So while we now are in a position of 
having to unclassify this material, we have to understand that everything we say is not only listened to by the American people in an attempt to en-sure their privacy is not being breached—and that this is an essential tool to help prevent terrorist attacks. Terrorist groups know everything that is being said and done, and they will make behavioral changes. They will make changes in terms of how they communicate. 
So the program is being compromised 
by the very fact that we have had to come on the floor and publicly address it and release information as to what it is to help assure the American people that, in fact, what has been said about the program is simply false. 
I have been on the floor several times 
raising that issue, using the quotes of what has been said by Members on this floor—particularly one Member. That is blatantly false. It is a blatant mis-representation of what the program is. Now, I am not questioning their mo-tive. I am not questioning the individ-ual’s decision in terms of whether he is for or against or wants to support or not support. All I want to do is clarify so that the public has the facts and they can make their own determina-tion. We make a valid case that pri-vacy is not breached. If someone comes to the conclusion that they don’t trust what we say, don’t believe what we say or don’t agree with what we say, that is their decision. All I want is for them to have the facts in front of them so that when they make that decision, it is based on fact and not based on what has been misrepresented. 
That is why I took the actual words 
stated on this floor relative to the pro-gram—which I believe misrepresented the program—and challenged them. I challenged them with the factual infor-mation. I am not going to repeat them. That is a matter of record. 
We now are at the point, however— 
because we were not able to achieve any support for any kind of extension to either clarify what the bill does and doesn’t do or to clarify with the House of Representatives how we best can co-ordinate this process and come up with a good solution to the issue—where, procedurally, we only have two op-tions. 
One option is essentially to do noth-
ing. The program does not secure the votes to be reauthorized, and that pro-gram is taken off the books and is no longer there. In my opinion and in the opinion of many, that makes us more vulnerable. That gives us less access to be able to stop a terrorist attack. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3436 June 2, 2015 
The second option is to support an ef-
fort that was passed by the House of Representatives, the USA FREEDOM Act, which I wish I could say addressed the issue and doesn’t compromise the program. But it severely goes against what this program attempts to do. It compromises the program to the point where I am not even sure the program can exist under the provisions that have been enacted by the House of Rep-resentatives. 
Three very experienced and trust-
worthy individuals who don’t have to salute the Commander in Chief and can give their own unbiased opinions on this came before our Intelligence Com-mittee and basically said that with the structure of the USA FREEDOM Act, you might as well not have the pro-gram in it because it will take down the program. There are a couple of major issues here that these amend-ments try to address but don’t tech-nically address. I am going to be sup-porting those amendments. I think they make a bad piece of legislation a little bit better. But I have real ques-tions as to whether it addresses the problems that really render the pro-gram inoperable. 
The first is retention. There is no 
mandatory retention among telephone companies that they keep the informa-tion—the phone numbers—that we need in order to create a haystack of num-bers from which we can identify con-nections between foreign terrorist or-ganizations and operatives inside the United States. That is not done by somebody looking at anybody’s records. Before the NSA can even use a phone number, it needs to have outside approval—legal approval—to query that. 
If the telephone companies don’t re-
tain those numbers, we can’t go out and match them up. And there is no mandatory retention of those numbers. It is simply an amendment now that would basically say they would have to give us notice that they don’t retain them. But there is no mandatory reten-tion. 
I can just see a lot of companies say-
ing—and I have heard from a lot of companies: We don’t want to be respon-sible for trying to build in the protec-tions and hire the people who have the background checks and the security clearances to put a regulatory process in place to make sure our people don’t abuse this or use it for the wrong pur-pose. 
So here we have a program that is ac-
cessible only by a very limited number of people at the National Security Agency, overseen by layers and layers of lawyers and legal experts and others to make sure it is not abused in any way. They have been successful be-cause there has not been one case of an abusiveness process against anybody’s personal liberties. There are six layers of oversight that are in place before they can even take it to the court and say: We think we have a problem here. We think there is a suspicion—a rea-sonable suspicion—that a phone num-
ber may be associated with a terrorist organization. 
Then the court looks at that and 
says: We think you have something here. But let’s check it further before we give you the authority to turn this over to the FBI so they can then look into this in greater detail to determine whether this is a live terrorist act. 
As Senator B
URR said, it works on 
the negative side, also, and there are some examples of live situations—as in the Boston bombing and so forth—that proved the negative. It proved there wasn’t a conspiracy. It proved that just two people were involved in this. There were no connections. So they didn’t have to waste a lot of time trying to query and pull up a bunch of informa-tion about whom they had talked to, and the police were then allowed to focus their efforts on Boston and what then took place in Boston and not throw the alarm out to New York City—the allegation was that they were on the way to New York City— and shut down New York City, causing panic and causing scare and alerting police and so forth. They were able to prove the negative of that. So it works both ways. But without that retention, we are not going to be able to accom-plish that. 
So I don’t understand how the USA 
FREEDOM Act is a better way of pro-tecting privacy and a better way of dealing with the fact that time is of the essence here. Instead of querying one area, we now have to go to mul-tiple telephone companies, and there are 1,400 in the country. Let’s say there are 100 major companies or let’s say there are 10 major companies. We have to go to all 10 or to all 100 or more in order to find out whether in their data-base that telephone number exists. Time is of the essence here. If you are detecting a terrorist attempt and you build in all kinds of steps you have to take in order to get to the point where you think you really have something here, the act could have already been undertaken. 
So those two issues, I think, are 
major problems with the FREEDOM Act. 
The third is simply to think that the 
layers of protection and judicial over-sight, executive oversight, and congres-sional oversight that take place to make sure we don’t abuse the program through NSA—every telephone com-pany has to insert that same level of oversight, and they simply won’t be able to do it. It will take months. It takes months to get background checks and security clearances. Many telephone companies don’t have the ca-pacity to do that. They do not have the financial ability to do that. The irony is that individuals’ privacy is more at risk by the telephone companies hold-ing the numbers than the NSA holding the numbers, but, of course, we have not been able to convince the American people of that partly because the pro-gram has been so distortedly reported. But this as the saving grace to protect 
everybody’s privacy by turning it over to the phone companies instead of turning it over to NSA just doesn’t add up. 
It is going to be very difficult for me 
and I think for many of my colleagues to think—while many of us are going to support these very limited amend-ments, which we don’t even know the House will accept, it does not resolve the issue and does not solve the prob-lem that we are dealing with here and, in effect, could render the program in-operable. 
I think when Members are making 
decisions about which option to choose, it is a devil’s choice. Is something bet-ter than nothing or is something really nothing and you end up with nothing and nothing? None of us wants our country to be put into that position, but that is where we are. If we are not able to secure passage of these amend-ments to improve this and the House rejects it—or we reject it or the House rejects it, then the program will stay inoperable. 
I think the American people will 
then be picking up their phones and writing and emailing us and urging us to rethink this program through now that they know more about it, now that they know that much of what has been said irresponsibly by Members of this body and others is not true. Once they learn more about it, I think they will be calling on us to take a new look, and they will take a new look. 
The arguments simply do not hold up 
because they are not factual. Now that we have been able to release some of this classified information and now that people have the ability to under-stand, if they so choose—to take an-other look at this and the proof we have provided relative to the success of the program and relative to the need for the program. 
That is what is before us. There has 
been a constitutional argument here regarding the Fourth Amendment, and it is important to note: ‘‘The right of the people to be secure in the persons, houses, papers, and effects against un-reasonable searches.’’ Unreasonable. I think we have proven this is not an un-reasonable search. It does not identify anybody’s name. Only after a court ap-proves and gives the NSA the authority to go forward, similar to seeking the authority of a judge for other sus-pected criminal activity taking place in every jurisdiction across America, every town, every police department going to court. We tune in to ‘‘Law & Order’’ and ‘‘CSI’’ and all these pro-grams and we see exactly how this works. You cannot go barging into a house without a warrant. You cannot collect information without a warrant. 
The case being made that there is a 
violation here of the Fourth Amend-ment simply has not held up with legal authorities. Secondly—this is inter-esting. This was just pointed out to me. I am not a constitutional scholar. I took constitutional law in law school 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3437 June 2, 2015 
and probably have forgotten half of it. 
But I do carry it around. I do look at it, but I am not a scholar. But I think it is pretty clear and pretty interesting that article I, section 5, talking about the legislature, says: 
Each House shall keep a Journal of its Pro-
ceedings, and from time to time publish the same— 
It is on our desks here. Every day, 
our C ONGRESSIONAL RECORD , these are 
our proceedings— 
excepting such Parts as may in their Judg-
ment require secrecy. 
That is why we have an Intelligence 
Committee. There are some things that require secrecy. Unfortunately, we have had to unclassify information to try to let the public know that what they have been told by their govern-ment, elected members of their govern-ment, is breaching their privacy, which is not true. We have a constitutional right as a body to make a decision and a judgment requiring secrecy. On this program, we require secrecy because once our adversaries know what we are doing, they are going to change what they are doing and it will not be worth-while anymore. 
Also, relative to the statements 
made by the Senator from Connecticut, who opposes the amendment on the amicus issue, it is my understanding that the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, Director Duff, sent a letter to the House asking for their concerns about the amicus issue effect on the court be placed in the bill. That was turned down by the House, unfortunately. 
The letter says, ‘‘We respectfully re-
quest that, if possible, this letter be in-cluded with your Committee’s report to the House on the bill.’’ 
It was sent to the chairman of the 
Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, United States House of Rep-resentatives. It is in regard to H.R. 2048, the USA FREEDOM Act. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the letter I am referencing be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE  
UNITED STATES COURTS  
Washington, DC, May 4, 2015. 
Hon. D EVIN NUNES , 
Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-
telligence, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write regarding H.R. 
2048, the ‘‘USA Freedom Act,’’ which was re-cently ordered reported by the Judiciary Committee, to provide perspectives on the legislation, particularly an assessment that the pending version of the bill could impede the effective operation of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Courts. 
In letters to the Committee on January 13, 
2014 and May 13, 2014, we commented on var-ious proposed changes to the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act (FISA). Our com-ments focused on the operational impact of certain proposed changes on the Judicial Branch, particularly the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court (‘‘FISC’’) and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review (collectively ‘‘FISA Courts’’), but did 
not express views on core policy choices that the political branches are considering re-garding intelligence collection. In keeping with that approach, we offer views on as-pects of H.R. 2048 that bear directly on the work of the FISA Courts and how that work is presented to the public. We sincerely ap-preciate the ongoing efforts of the bipartisan leadership of all the congressional commit-tees of jurisdiction to listen to and attempt to accommodate our perspectives and con-cerns. 
We respectfully request that, if possible, 
this letter be included with your Commit-tee’s report to the House on the bill. 
SUMMARY OF CONCERNS  
We have three main concerns. First, H.R. 
2048 proposes a ‘‘panel of experts’’ for the FISA Courts which could, in our assessment, impair the courts’ ability to protect civil lib-erties by impeding their receipt of complete and accurate information from the govern-ment (in contrast to the helpful amicus cu-riae approach contained in the FISA Im-provements Act of 2013 (‘‘FIA’’), which was approved in similar form by the House in 2014). Second, we continue to have concerns with the prospect of public ‘‘summaries’’ of FISA Courts’ opinions when the opinions themselves are not released to the public. Third, we have a few other specific technical concerns with H.R. 2048 as drafted. 
NATURE OF THE FISA COURTS  
With the advent of a new Congress and 
newly proposed legislation, it seems helpful to restate briefly some key attributes of the work of the FISA Courts. 
The vast majority of the work of the FISC 
involves individual applications in which ex-perienced judges apply well-established law to a set of facts presented by the govern-ment—a process not dissimilar to the ex parte consideration of ordinary criminal search warrant applications. Review of en-tire programs of collection and applications involving bulk collection are a relatively small part of the docket, and applications in-volving novel legal questions, though obvi-ously important, are rare. 
In all matters, the FISA Courts currently 
depend on—and will always depend on— prompt and complete candor from the gov-ernment in providing the courts with all rel-evant information because the government is typically the only source of such informa-tion. 
A ‘‘read copy’’ practice—similar to the 
practices employed in some federal district courts for Title III wiretap applications— wherein the government provides the FISC with an advance draft of each planned appli-cation, is the major avenue for court modi-fication of government-sought surveillance. About a quarter of ‘‘read copies’’ are modi-fied or withdrawn at the instigation of the FISC before the government presents a final application—in contrast to the over-whelming majority of formal applications that are approved by the Court because modifications at the ‘‘read copy’’ stage have addressed the Court’s concerns in cases where final applications are submitted. 
The FISC typically operates in an environ-
ment where, for national security reasons and because of statutory requirements, time is of the essence, and collateral litigation, including for discovery, would generally be completely impractical. 
At times, the FISA Courts are presented 
with challenging issues regarding how exist-ing law applies to novel technologies. In these instances, the FISA Courts could ben-efit from a conveniently available expla-nation or evaluation of the technology from an informed non-government source. Con-gress could assist in this regard by clarifying the law to provide mechanisms for this to 
occur easily (e.g., by providing for pre- cleared experts with whom the Court can share and receive information to the extent it deems necessary). 
THE‘‘PANEL OF EXPERTS ’’ APPROACH OF H .R. 
2048 COULD IMPEDE THE FISA COURTS ’ WORK  
H.R. 2048 provides for what proponents 
have referred to as a ‘‘panel of experts’’ and what in the bill is referred to as a group of at least five individuals who may serve as an ‘‘amicus curiae’’ in a particular matter. However, unlike a true amicus curiae, the FISA Courts would be required to appoint such an individual to participate in any case involving a ‘‘novel or significant interpreta-
tion of law’’ (emphasis added)—unless the court ‘‘issues a finding’’ that appointment is not appropriate. Once appointed, such amici are required to present to the court, ‘‘as ap-propriate,’’ legal arguments in favor of pri-vacy, information about technology, or other ‘‘relevant’’ information. Designated amici are required to have access to ‘‘all relevant’’ legal precedent, as well as certain other ma-terials ‘‘the court determines are relevant.’’ 
Our assessment is that this ‘‘panel of ex-
perts’’ approach could impede the FISA Courts’ role in protecting the civil liberties of Americans. We recognize this may not be the intent of the drafters, but nonetheless it is our concern. As we have indicated, the full cooperation of rank- and-file government personnel in promptly conveying to the FISA Courts complete and candid factual in-formation is critical. A perception on their part that the FISA process involves a ‘‘panel of experts’’ officially charged with opposing the government’s efforts could risk deterring the necessary and critical cooperation and candor. Specifically, our concern is that im-posing the mandatory ‘‘duties’’—contained in subparagraph (i)(4) of proposed section 401 (in combination with a quasi-mandatory ap-pointment process)—could create such a per-ception within the government that a stand-ing body exists to oppose intelligence activi-ties. 
Simply put, delays and difficulties in re-
ceiving full and accurate information from Executive Branch agencies (including, but not limited to, cases involving non-compli-ance) present greater challenges to the FISA Courts’ role in protecting civil liberties than does the lack of a non-governmental perspec-tive on novel legal issues or technological developments. To be sure, we would welcome a means of facilitating the FISA Courts’ ob-taining assistance from non-governmental experts in unusual cases, but it is critically important that the means chosen to achieve that end do not impair the timely receipt of complete and accurate information from the government. 
It is on this point especially that we be-
lieve the ‘‘panel of experts’’ system in H.R. 2048 may prove counterproductive. The infor-mation that the FISA Courts need to exam-ine probable cause, evaluate minimization and targeting procedures, and determine and enforce compliance with court authoriza-tions and orders is exclusively in the hands of the government—specifically, in the first instance, intelligence agency personnel. If disclosure of sensitive or adverse informa-tion to the FISA Courts came to be seen as a prelude to disclosure to a third party whose mission is to oppose or curtail the agency’s work, then the prompt receipt of complete and accurate information from the government would likely be impaired—ulti-mately to the detriment of the national se-curity interest in expeditious action and the effective protection of privacy and civil lib-erties. 
In contrast, a ‘‘true’’ amicus curiae ap-
proach, as adopted, for example, in the FIA, 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3438 June 2, 2015 
facilitates appointment of experts outside 
the government to serve as amici curiae and render any form of assistance needed by the court, without any implication that such ex-perts are expected to oppose the intelligence activities proposed by the government. For that reason, we do not believe the FIA ap-proach poses any similar risk to the courts’ obtaining relevant information. 
‘‘
SUMMARIES ’’ OF UNRELEASED FISA COURT  
OPINIONS COULD MISLEAD THE PUBLIC  
In our May 13, 2014, letter to the Com-
mittee on H.R. 3361, we shared the nature of our concerns regarding the creation of public ‘‘summaries’’ of court opinions that are not themselves released. The provisions in H.R. 2048 are similar and so are our concerns. To be clear, the FISA Courts have never ob-jected to their opinions—whether in full or in redacted form—being released to the pub-lic to the maximum extent permitted by the Executive’s assessment of national security concerns. Likewise, the FISA Courts have al-ways facilitated the provision of their full opinions to Congress. See, e.g., FISC Rule of Procedure 62(c). Thus, we have no objection to the provisions in H.R. 2048 that call for maximum public release of court opinions. However, a formal practice of creating sum-maries of court opinions without the under-lying opinion being available is unprece-dented in American legal administration. Summaries of court opinions can be inad-vertently incorrect or misleading, and may omit key considerations that can prove crit-ical for those seeking to understand the im-port of the court’s full opinion. This is par-ticularly likely to be a problem in the fact- focused area of FISA practice, under cir-cumstances where the government has al-ready decided that it cannot release the un-derlying opinion even in redacted form, pre-sumably because the opinion’s legal analysis is inextricably intertwined with classified facts. 
ADDITIONAL TECHNICAL COMMENTS ON H .R. 2048 
The Judiciary, like the public, did not par-
ticipate in the discussions between the Ad-ministration and congressional leaders that led to H.R. 2048 (publicly released on April 28, 2015 and reported by the Judiciary Com-mittee without changes on April 30). In the few days we have had to review the bill, we have noted a few technical concerns that we hope can be addressed prior to finalization of the legislation, should Congress choose to enact it. These concerns (all in the amicus curiae subsection) include: 
Proposed subparagraph (9) appears inad-
vertently to omit the ability of the FISA Courts to train and administer amici be-tween the time they are designated and the time they are appointed. 
Proposed subparagraph (6) does not make 
any provision for a ‘‘true amicus’’ appointed under subparagraph (2)(B) to receive nec-essary information. 
We are concerned that a lack of parallel 
construction in proposed clause (6)(A)(i) (ap-parently differentiating between access to legal precedent as opposed to access to other materials) could lead to confusion in its ap-plication. 
We recommend adding additional language 
to clarify that the exercise of the duties under proposed subparagraph (4) would occur in the context of Court rules (for example, deadlines and service requirements). 
We believe that slightly greater clarity 
could be provided regarding the nature of the obligations referred to in proposed subpara-graph (10). 
These concerns would generally be avoided 
or addressed by substituting the FIA ap-proach. Furthermore, it bears emphasis that, even if H.R. 2048 were amended to address all of these technical points, our more funda-mental concerns about the ‘‘panel of ex-
perts’’ approach would not be fully assuaged. Nonetheless, our staff stands ready to work with your staff to provide suggested textual changes to address each of these concerns. 
Finally, although we have no particular 
objection to the requirement in this legisla-tion of a report by the Director of the AO, Congress should be aware that the AO’s role would be to receive information from the FISA Courts and then simply transmit the report as directed by law. 
For the sake of brevity, we are not restat-
ing here all the comments in our previous correspondence to Congress on proposed leg-islation similar to H.R. 2048. However, the issues raised in those letters continue to be of importance to us. 
We hope these comments are helpful to the 
House of Representatives in its consideration of this legislation. If we may be of further assistance in this or any other matter, please contact me or our Office of Legisla-tive Affairs at 202–502–1700. 
Sincerely, 
J
AMES C. D UFF, 
Director. 
Mr. COATS. There is a lot more that 
could be said. We will shortly be voting on the amendments here. I probably said more than I should. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Will the Senator from 
Indiana yield? 
Mr. COATS. I will be happy to yield. 
This is one of the most important 
issues I have had to deal with during my times of service on behalf of our State and our country. I think getting the facts out has been necessary. It is a momentous decision that has mo-mentous consequences. I hope each of us will take very seriously all that has been said and weigh that in their own judgment and hopefully make the right decisions for the future of this country. 
I will be happy to yield to my col-
league. 
Mr. ISAKSON. I know we are about 
to adjourn for lunch, but I have to come to the floor and pay the Senator a great compliment. For the last 6 days, the Senator has tried to illu-minate some misperceptions and, quite frankly, half-truths that have been talked about in terms of the NSA pro-gram. You have provided great infor-mation to the Senate and to the people of the United States of America, and I think it is ironic—and I do not believe the Senator from Indiana knows this— but today in the Finance Committee at 10:30 we had a hearing before the IRS Commissioner, Mr. Koskinen, who was trying to explain what the IRS was doing with the 104,000 identities that were stolen from the IRS, which in-cluded the Social Security numbers, church contributions, home residences, rent payments, debts, obligations, the entire amount of information of 104,000 American citizens. Nobody is talking about giving the IRS to the phone com-panies. Nobody is talking about the amount of information the IRS has and whether the government abuses or uses it. And here we are worried about 41 in-dividuals who have the ability to know 2 telephone numbers, the origination of a call and the duration of that call, without its association to a name, un-less a judge says it is OK. I think there has been a lot of mis-
direction this week. The American peo-ple are starting to listen. I think the Senator from Indiana has done a great job of illuminating the truth behind this issue. We have a great country. You do not find anybody trying to break out of the United States of America. They are all trying to break in. They are because we are safe and se-cure. I commend the Senator for fight-ing for the safety, the security, and the rights of the American people. 
I yield back. Mr. COATS. I thank the Senator for 
those words. I think this is a fight for all of us. How I wish we had been put-ting our time and our passion into what the Senator from Georgia just mentioned—a clear breach of people’s privacy on the record and a clear de-fense effort by this administration to not have us go forward and examine this. If we had been putting half of the passion into that, we would really be servicing the American people and the breaches of their privacy that are just apparent. 
Here we have a program that has 
never had a case of a breach of privacy, that has more oversight than any other program in the entire U.S. Govern-ment, that involves all three branches of our government—the judicial, the legislative, and the executive—all with the intent of having something in place that can stop Americans from being killed by terrorists, and we have to spend weeks arguing just to correct the record, when so clearly in front of us are abuses by this administration that we are not putting attention to—the irony of that and the irony of the fact that every day we have more informa-tion about the scope of these potential terrorist attacks against Americans. Here we are releasing five known ter-rorist leaders from Guantanamo to a country. We are combing the world to see if somebody will take them because we do not want to retain them here, and we know they are going to go back. They are not going back to be baristas at Starbucks. They are not going back to do lawn work back home or start a microbusiness. They are going back to join the enemy attack against us. They are going back to the Taliban. They are going back to Al Qaeda. They are going back to do what they were ar-rested for in the first place. 
How ironic and how uncertain our 
situation here is relative to our secu-rity, and we are arguing over a tool that can help protect us instead of fo-cusing on the real threat. 
Anyway, I got worked up during the 
6 days a number of times. I appreciate the opportunity to, once again, try to clarify where we are. Hopefully, the American people are listening. 
We have a momentous decision to 
make coming up here very shortly. I hope each of us will use not polls and not what the public perception is, I hope each of us will use the judgment that we have had and the access to in-formation that we have had to make a 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3439 June 2, 2015 
decision on the basis of what is best for 
the American people, not about what is best politically, not what gets us past the next election, not what is pleasing to people who want to hear things back at home, not on any other basis than what is necessary to do everything we can to keep us safe from known ter-rorist attacks that are multiplying faster than we can keep up with across the world, and Americans are in the crosshairs. Our decision should be based on that and that alone. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:59 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT OF 2015— 
Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I would 
like to inquire as to the order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is considering H.R. 2048 postcloture. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
that I be recognized. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is recognized. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I know 
we have all had a chance to talk about this and the seriousness of what is now before us at this time. I look at the se-riousness of this, and I listened to a lot of people standing on the floor and say-ing things that sound popular to people back home, and I have heard from some of the people in my State of Oklahoma, saying: They talk about the privacy problems and all these things that might be existing. Then I always think about my 20 kids and grandkids and think that they are the ones who are at stake. 
This world we have right now is a 
much more dangerous world than it has ever been before. I look wistfully back at the good old days of the Cold War when we had a couple superpowers. We knew what they had—mutual as-sured destruction. It really meant something at that time. Now we have crazy people with capabilities, people in countries who have the ability to use weapons of mass destruction. 
So right after 9/11 we formed the 
NSA. We have been talking about that down here. It is not perfect, but I think it is important at this last moment to point out the fact that a lot of lies have been told down here. I heard one person—I think two or three different ones talking about and making the statement that since the NSA proce-dure was set up after 9/11, that has not stopped one attack on America. I would like to suggest to you that a good friend of mine and a good friend of the Chair’s, General Alexander, who is 
a very knowledgeable person and ran that program for a while, said—and this was way back 2 years ago, 2013—in-formation ‘‘gathered from these pro-grams provided government with crit-ical leads to prevent over 50 potential terrorist events in more than 20 coun-tries around the world’’ and that the phone database played a role in stop-ping 10 terrorist acts since the 9/11 at-tacks. 
I was very pleased to hear from my 
good friend, Senator S
ESSIONS , a few 
minutes ago that a brand new poll that just came out of the field shows that almost two-thirds of the people in America want to go back and give back to the NSA those tools we took away 2 days ago. 
Now we have a situation where we 
can talk about a few of the cases where major attacks on this country were stopped by the process we put in place after 9/11. 
One was a planned attack in 2009. 
Najibullah Zazi was going to bomb the New York City subway system. The plan was for him and two high school friends to conduct coordinated suicide bombings, detonating backpack bombs on New York City subway trains near New York’s two busiest subway sta-tions; that is, Grand Central Station and Times Square. 
Sean Joyce, the Deputy FBI Direc-
tor, said that the NSA intercepted an email from a suspected terrorist in Pakistan communicating with some-one in the United States ‘‘about per-fecting a recipe for explosives.’’ 
On September 9, 2009, Afghan-Amer-
ican Zazi drove from his home in Au-rora, CO, to New York City, after he emailed Ahmed—that was his Al Qaeda facilitator in Pakistan—that ‘‘the mar-riage is ready.’’ That was a code that meant ‘‘We are ready now to perform our task.’’ The FBI followed Zazi to New York and broke up the plan of at-tack, and they stated it was because of the email that was intercepted by the NSA that allowed them to do that. 
How big of a deal is that? People do 
not stop and think about the fact that if you look at the New York City sub-way stations down there, we know that the average ridership of the New York City subway during peak hours aver-ages just under 900,000 people—that is 900,000 people, Americans who are liv-ing in New York City. 
What we do know is that when they 
came to New York City to perform their plan at Grand Central Station and Times Square, it was the NSA using the very tools we took away from them 2 days ago, and you wonder, how many lives would have been lost? If there are 900,000 riders on the subway and they are ready to do this at two stations, are we talking about 100,000 lives, 100,000 Americans being buried alive? That attack was precluded by the tools that were used by the NSA that we took away from them just 2 days ago. Many more have not been de-classified. GEN Michael Hayden and GEN Keith 
Alexander, who are both former Direc-tors of the NSA, and others have con-firmed to me personally that at least one of the three terrorist attacks on 9/ 
11 could have been avoided, and per-haps all three could have been avoided if we had had the tools we gave the NSA right after 9/11, and also the at-tack on the USS Cole could have been prevented entirely. 
So you have to stop and think, it is 
a dangerous thing to stand on the floor and say we have formed this thing in this dangerous world and it has not stopped any attacks on America. That is what we are faced with today. 
I voted against the program the 
House passed that is going to be con-sidered in just a few minutes. I felt it was better to leave it as we had it. Now that is gone. I look at it this way: I do support the amendments that are com-ing up. I do think the last opportunity we will have will be the program we will be voting on in just a few minutes. 
So let’s think about this, take a deep 
breath, and go ahead and pass some-thing so we at least have some capa-bility to stop these attacks and to gather information from those who would perpetrate these attacks and then have time to put together a pro-gram that will be very workable and make some changes if necessary. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
EXTENDING FISA PROVISIONS  
Mr. LEAHY. It is unfortunate that 
we were unable to pass the USA FREE-DOM Act before the June 1, 2015, sunset of sections 206 and 215 of the USA PA-TRIOT Act and the so-called ‘‘lone wolf’’ provision of the Intelligence Re-form and Terrorism Prevention Act. Senator L
EEand I both sought to bring 
up the USA FREEDOM Act well before the sunset date to avoid just this situa-tion. Now that the roving wiretap, business records, and so-called ‘‘lone wolf’’ provisions have lapsed, it is im-portant that we make clear our intent in passing the USA FREEDOM Act this week—albeit a few days after the sun-set. Could the Senator comment on the intent of the Senate in passing the USA FREEDOM Act after June 1, 2015? 
Mr. LEE. Although we have gone 
past the June 1 sunset date by a few days, our intent in passing the USA FREEDOM Act is that the expired pro-visions be restored in their entirety just as they were on May 31, 2015, ex-cept to the extent that they have been amended by the USA FREEDOM Act. Specifically, it is both the intent and the effect of the USA FREEDOM Act that the now-expired provisions of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, FISA, will, upon enactment of the USA FREEDOM Act, read as those provi-sions read on May 31, 2015, except inso-far as those provisions are modified by the USA FREEDOM Act, and that they will continue in that form until De-cember 15, 2019. Extending the effect of those provisions for 4 years is the rea-son section 705 is part of the act. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3440 June 2, 2015 
Mr. LEAHY. I would also point out 
that when we drafted the USA FREE-DOM Act, we included a provision to allow the government to collect call detail records, CDRs, for a 180-day transition period, as it was doing pur-suant to Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court orders prior to June 1, 2015. This provision was intended to provide as seamless a transition as possible to the new CDR program under section 101 of the USA FREEDOM Act. I thank the junior Senator from Utah for his part-nership on this bill. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, our ter-
rorist enemies continue to present a clear and present danger to our Na-tion’s safety. We must use a broad array of information gathering tools to be successful in thwarting their plots and preventing future attacks. As the top Republican on the Senate Judici-ary Committee after 9/11, I worked across party lines to give our law en-forcement and intelligence commu-nities the authorities they need to 
keep us safe. Having served longer than any other Republican on the Intel-ligence Committee, I can personally at-test to the critical importance of these authorities in combating real terrorist threats. 
Given the extensive and effective pri-
vacy and civil liberties safeguards al-ready in place, I strongly supported a clean reauthorization of the existing law. Unfortunately, such legislation could not gather sufficient support in today’s climate of misinformation about our efforts to stay one step ahead of the terrorists. Contrary to the claims of its proponents, the so-called USA FREEDOM Act will hamper our ability to address serious terrorist threats. My concerns about this legis-lation were further enhanced when the Senate voted down several reasonable amendments that represented modest changes needed to preserve our secu-rity. Accordingly, I voted against the bill because it will not provide the pro-tections we need and will put our Na-tion at risk. 
One of the fundamental flaws of the 
USA FREEDOM Act is its creation of unnecessary delays and impediments to our efforts to protect the American people. Under this legislation, tele-phone metadata-consisting of informa-tion like the number calling and the length of the call-would no longer be collected by the government but in-stead be retained by private commu-nications corporations. Proponents of the bill argue that this move is nec-essary to protect privacy. This argu-ment is unpersuasive, given that the data collected does not include the identities of the callers or the content of their communications. I oppose this approach because the bill lacks any re-quirement for these companies to re-tain this data for any length of time. Without such a requirement, the effec-tiveness of a search of telephone metadata would obviously be com-promised. 
One of the other major flaws of the 
USA FREEDOM Act is its amicus cu-riae provision, which would insert a 
legal advisor into the FISA COURT process to make arguments to advance privacy and civil liberties. Such an ap-proach threatens to insert leftwing ac-tivists into an incredibly sensitive and already well-functioning process, a rad-ical move that would stack the deck against our law enforcement and intel-ligence communities. Given that pre-vious law already provided intense scrutiny and oversight from the Jus-tice Department, Congress, and the courts, this new provision is both un-necessary and potentially quite dan-gerous. 
The Senate’s action today under-
mines not only the operational effec-tiveness of one of our most critical tools to safeguard our national secu-rity. Going forward, I will do every-thing within my power to ensure that our law enforcement and intelligence professionals have all the tools they need to keep us safe. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, Sunday 
night was just another self-inflicted crisis from Senator M
CCONNELL and the 
Republican leadership. Playing politics with our national security is reckless. And allowing others to play politics with our national security, against the majority of the U.S. Senate and House, is not leadership. 
The Republicans said, ‘‘Put us in the 
majority and we will govern respon-sibly.’’ They claimed there would be no more shutdowns, no more governing by crisis. Yet, on Sunday night our intel-ligence professionals were left without the important tools they need to fight terrorism. And now Republicans are at it again—proposing amendments that would delay the process and leave us without these critical capabilities for even longer. 
FBI Director Comey said that his 
Agency uses section 215 fewer than 200 times per year, but when the FBI uses it, ‘‘it matters tremendously.’’ And the White House National Security Coun-cil’s Ned Price said that a sunset would result ‘‘in the loss, going forward, of a critical national security tool.’’ 
I can’t believe Republicans would 
take us to the brink and put our coun-try at risk. It is shameful. The USA FREEDOM Act is supported by a wide, bipartisan majority in both Chambers. It passed the House with 338 votes. A little over a week ago, a clear majority of Senators, 57, voted to proceed to this legislation. That still wasn’t enough. Senator M
CCONNELL and his Repub-
lican colleagues blocked it from mov-ing forward. On Sunday night, even more Senators did the right thing and voted in support of the USA FREEDOM Act. Mr. President, 77 Senators voted to proceed to a debate on the USA FREEDOM Act. 
I want to thank my colleagues who 
worked tirelessly on this legislation, who reached out to the intelligence community, technology companies, and privacy and civil liberties groups to come up with a set of reforms that maintains the important balance be-tween protecting privacy and keeping 
our country safe. It is not easy to get this level of support. The USA FREE-DOM Act strikes an important balance between protecting our privacy and de-fending our country. 
The bill reforms the PATRIOT Act 
by ending the bulk collection of Ameri-cans’ telephone records while still pro-viding the ability for investigators to get the records in a more targeted manner. It would improve the trans-parency of the government’s surveil-lance activities by adding additional reporting requirements and giving pri-vate companies a greater ability to publically report when they receive re-quests for information from the FBI or NSA. And it would add a panel of ex-perts to the FISA Court who can assist in providing additional points of view when cases involve significant or novel interpretations of the law. 
We need to pass this bipartisan bill 
immediately and send it to the Presi-dent, without amendments to water it down and further delay the intelligence community’s access to these important authorities. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, thank 
you. 
I rise today to urge prompt passage 
of the House-passed USA FREEDOM Act of 2015 and to urge opposition to the amendments offered by the major-ity leader. Those amendments are un-necessary. They would weaken the bill in unacceptable ways, and they would only serve to prolong and deepen the uncertainty around the reform and continuation of important national se-curity authorities. 
The House-passed USA FREEDOM 
Act is measured, compromise legisla-tion that is the result of lengthy nego-tiations that bring much needed re-forms to some of our surveillance au-thorities, ensuring that we safeguard Americans’ rights while increasing the government’s accountability. I am proud to have worked with Senator D
EAN HELLER of Nevada to craft the 
bill’s transparency provisions, which draw support from privacy advocates, the business community, and national security experts. 
The USA FREEDOM Act works to 
end bulk collection programs that our intelligence community has told us are not necessary. At the same time, the bill makes sure our national security agencies have legal tools that are nec-essary to protect our Nation. Put sim-ply, the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015 strikes the balance we need—making sure that our government can keep our Nation safe without trampling on our citizens’ fundamental privacy rights. 
Of course, the public cannot know if 
we are succeeding in striking that bal-ance if they do not have access to even the most basic information about our major surveillance programs. That is why my focus has been on the legisla-tion’s transparency provisions. Under the provisions I wrote with Senator 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3441 June 2, 2015 
HELLER , the American people will be 
better able to decide for themselves whether we are getting this right. 
For all these reasons, the act has my 
strong support. And I am in good com-pany. The House has passed it. The President is ready to sign it. We have the votes here to pass it. So what are we waiting for? 
Senator M
CCONNELL has offered sev-
eral amendments. And here is the prob-lem: They deviate from the House bill without improving the legislation. At best, the result of adopting these amendments would be further delay, further negotiation, and a highly un-certain outcome. 
Now that we have allowed the na-
tional security authorities at issue to expire, we simply do not know how the House would proceed if we sent them back a modified bill. Maybe that kind of risk and delay would be justified if these amendments improved the bill, but they do not. I would like to talk a little bit about why these amendments are both unnecessary and problematic. 
The majority leader’s main sub-
stitute amendment makes two addi-tions to the bill. The first is a require-ment that electronic communications service providers notify the govern-ment if they plan to shorten the length of time they retain call detail records—records that the government may seek to query under the USA FREEDOM Act. 
The fact is, based on how our coun-
try’s telecom infrastructure is set up, the government only goes to a handful of companies for call detail records, and those companies have told us they have business reasons for retaining records. Based on a long history of working with these companies—under these authorities, other authorities— the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence have told us the USA FREEDOM Act is fine as it is. There simply is not a problem in need of a solution here. And look, this is the kind of thing that we can revisit if in the future some change in cir-cumstances means that data retention threatens to become a problem. It cer-tainly does not need to risk derailing the bill and its reforms now. 
The second change in the majority 
leader’s substitute amendment is a cer-tification requirement asking the Di-rector of National Intelligence to cer-tify to Congress that the USA FREE-DOM Act’s transition from bulk collec-tion of call detail records to a more targeted approach is operationally ef-fective. 
To be clear, this certification, wheth-
er issued or not, in no way affects the effective date of the bill or the timeline for the transition. It has no statutory limitations. It is a wholly unnecessary deviation from the House- passed bill. If there is a problem with the operational effectiveness of the transition, you can bet that the Direc-tor of National Intelligence is going to let us know, and I would certainly hope and expect that we would all be ready to listen and work with him at that 
point. Again, this is the kind of thing that should not risk derailing the bill now. 
The majority leader has offered other 
amendments that seek to weaken the USA FREEDOM Act more directly. One amendment would lengthen the time before the bill with its various reforms goes into full effect. That would do nothing but unnecessarily extend bulk collection programs. NSA has told us they can transition in 6 months, as pro-vided for in the bill as it stands. There is no justification for extending the timeline now. 
Another amendment would render in-
effective one of the safeguards for Americans’ privacy rights and civil lib-erties in the bill. This amendment would weaken the role of outside, non-government experts in participating in certain cases before the FISA Court. That is an unacceptable change to a provision that has already been the subject of bipartisan negotiations and compromise. 
That is really the thing to remem-
ber—this is a compromise bill. In writ-ing our transparency provisions, Sen-ator H
ELLER and I had to compromise a 
great deal. We didn’t get everything we wanted when we initially negotiated these provisions last year, and we had to compromise further still this year. I am disappointed that the bill doesn’t include all of the requirements that were agreed to in our discussions with the intelligence community and that were included in the Senate bill last Congress. But that is the nature of bi-partisan compromise. And I recognize that right now we need to start by tak-ing one big step in the right direction, and that is by passing the USA FREE-DOM Act. 
Down the road, we will have the op-
portunity to revisit these issues as needed. For my part, I am committed to pushing my colleagues to revisit the transparency provisions. We still have work to do, particularly with regard to section 702, which has to deal with the collection of communications of for-eigners abroad. But, again, right now it is clear what needs to happen in this Chamber. We need to pass the House- passed USA FREEDOM Act without further amendment. If we do that, we can get these authorities back up and running. That is exactly what we should do. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I wish to 
thank the Senator from Minnesota for his words. The press and everybody else does not see the hundreds of hours of negotiations between Democrats and Republicans, Senators and Members of the House of Representatives working on this. The Senator from Minnesota is one of those who worked very hard to get us to the point where we are today. It has not been easy. Nobody got every-thing they wanted. I didn’t get every-thing I wanted. Senator L
EEdidn’t get 
everything he wanted. The Senator from Minnesota didn’t get everything he wanted. But because of the work of people such as the Senator from Min-nesota, we have a far better piece of legislation, and it is probably why it passed overwhelmingly in the other body, with Republicans and Democrats agreeing. In fact, that is why we have to reject these amendments and we have to cleanly pass the House-passed USA FREEDOM Act. 
Again, I cannot emphasize to Sen-
ators how much time has gone into this by key Republicans and key Demo-crats in the House and key Republicans and key Democrats in the Senate. We have worked behind the scenes for days, weeks, and months to get here. 
Cleanly passing the House-passed 
USA FREEDOM Act is the only way to avoid prolonging the uncertainty that the intelligence community now faces because of the lapse in the three au-thorities this past Sunday. I think both Senator L
EEand I would agree the 
lapse in authorities was entirely avoid-able. The Senate majority has put the intelligence community and the Amer-ican people in this position because of a manufactured crisis, procedural delays. 
Understand that any changes in this 
bill—as I have stated and as the distin-guished senior Senator from California has indicated, as well as others, any changes in the bill will force it back to the House, and there is absolutely no guarantee that the House will accept the Senate’s changes and pass the new bill. In fact, the House Republican ma-jority leader said this morning that it would be a challenge to pass any bill that came back with changes. The Re-publican chairman of the House Judici-ary Committee put it more bluntly. He warned that any amendments would likely make the sunsets permanent. Keep that in mind. 
We can pass some amendments we 
may not think are major, although some of us think they are, but by pass-ing them, all those who say they want to give the tools to the intelligence community—they are making the sun-sets permanent if we pass these amend-ments. 
So I urge Senators to oppose all of 
the amendments that are being offered by the majority leader. Senator B
LUMENTHAL , Senator F RANKEN , and 
others have spoken about the reasons to oppose the FISA Court amicus amendment and the substitute amend-ment. I agree with them whole-heartedly, and I thank them for their leadership. As I said earlier to others, Senator B
LUMENTHAL used his experi-
ence as a former attorney general, former U.S. attorney to work on the amicus provision. 
I also urge Senators to oppose the 
amendment which would leave the cur-rent bulk collection program in place for a full year. Extending the current bulk collection program for a full year 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3442 June 2, 2015 
is unnecessary. Beyond being unneces-
sary, it creates significant legal uncer-tainty for the government. Remember, a Federal appellate court has already ruled that the program is unlawful, and they upheld a provision assuming that Congress is going to change it. But it is 
very obvious when we read the Second Circuit opinion that they mean a rel-atively short time, not a year. 
So the amendment to leave the bulk 
collection program in place for a full year is only going to invite further legal challenges. It will also delay im-plementation of tools the intelligence community has asked us to provide, in-cluding what is in this bill—a new emergency authority to request busi-ness records under section 215. 
I can’t say enough about all of the 
work we have put in for 2 years across the aisle and across the Capitol. This is a bill which brings much needed reform to the government’s surveillance au-thorities, but it also ensures that the intelligence community has the tools to keep us safe. 
The USA FREEDOM Act is milestone 
legislation. It will enact the most sig-nificant reforms of government surveil-lance powers since the USA PATRIOT Act. I am proud of the bipartisan and the bicameral effort that led to this bill. 
Today, we can pass important sur-
veillance reform legislation and then work to build on these reforms in com-ing years. 
So I urge Senators to oppose all 
amendments and then vote to pass the USA FREEDOM Act, just as the House passed it. We don’t need to inject any more uncertainty or delay into the process. None of these amendments are worth causing further delay. Pass it. This will be signed into law tonight by the President. 
I see the distinguished majority lead-
er on the floor, so I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
know of no further debate on the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
further debate? 
AMENDMENT NO . 1453 
If not, the question is on agreeing to 
amendment No. 1453. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1452 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to table 
amendment No. 1452. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 1451 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 1451. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Virginia (Mr. W ARNER ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 42, 
nays 56, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 198 Leg.] 
YEAS—42 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo 
Ernst Fischer Flake Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk McCain McConnell Perdue 
Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Sessions Shelby Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—56 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Feinstein Franken Gardner Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Graham Warner 
The amendment (No. 1451) was re-
jected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —H.R. 1735 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the clo-ture motion with respect to the motion to proceed to H.R. 1735, which is the Defense bill, be withdrawn; further, that at 11 a.m. on Wednesday, June 3, the Senate proceed to the consider-ation of H.R. 1735, and it be in order for Senator M
CCAINto offer amendment 
No. 1463, the text of which is identical 
to S. 1376, the Armed Services Com-mittee-reported NDAA bill; finally, that the time until 2:30 p.m. be for de-bate only and equally divided between the bill managers or their designees. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object, we are not the sort of minority party that objects to vir-tually everything. We want to help move things forward. But I also want to be clear that we are not going to re-quire a vote to move forward on the Defense authorization bill. But every-one should be aware that the President said he would veto this bill. It has all of this strange funding in it—funding that my Republican colleagues railed against on previous occasions. Now they are using it. 
We have grave concerns about this 
bill. Unless it is changed, I repeat, the President will veto it. I hope there are 
some significant changes in the bill while it is on the floor so we can help to vote to get it off the floor. So based upon that, I do not object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 1450 
The question is on agreeing to 
amendment No. 1450. 
The yeas and nays have been pre-
viously ordered. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Virginia (Mr. W ARNER ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 44, 
nays 54, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 199 Leg.] 
YEAS—44 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Ernst 
Fischer Flake Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk McCain McConnell Nelson Perdue Portman Risch 
Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Scott Sessions Shelby Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—54 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Feinstein Franken Gardner 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran 
Murkowski Murphy Murray Paul Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Graham Warner 
The amendment (No. 1450) was re-
jected. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 1449 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 1449. 
The yeas and nays have been pre-
viously ordered. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 43, 
nays 56, as follows: 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3443 June 2, 2015 
[Rollcall Vote No. 200 Leg.] 
YEAS—43 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Ernst 
Fischer Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk McCain McConnell Nelson Perdue Portman Risch 
Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—56 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Feinstein Flake Franken Gardner 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Paul Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Graham 
The amendment (No. 1449) was re-
jected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that Senator L
EAHY be recognized for 3 minutes. 
Then, I would say to my colleagues, I am going to use my leader time to make a final statement, and then we will be ready for the final vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I thank 
the distinguished majority leader for 
his courtesy. 
Very briefly, we worked for 2 years 
across the aisle and actually across the Capitol. I don’t know how many meet-ings Senator L
EE, and others, and I 
have had. Now the Senate is finally poised to pass our USA FREEDOM Act and send it to the President for his sig-nature. This bill brings much-needed reform to the government’s surveil-lance authorities. It will end the bulk collection of Americans’ phone records, increase transparency, improve over-sight, and, most importantly, help re-store Americans’ privacy—all while en-suring that the intelligence commu-nity has the tools it needs to keep us safe. 
I am proud to have done this. I have 
fought to protect the privacy and con-stitutional rights of Vermonters and all Americans since 1975, when I cast my first-ever vote as a Senator to ap-prove the establishment of the Church Committee. I will continue to fight for Americans’ privacy. 
I urge Senators to vote to pass the 
USA FREEDOM Act. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I will now proceed 
on my leader time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, ear-
lier this year I observed that President Obama’s national security policy has been noteworthy for its consistent ob-jectives. He has been very consistent— drawing down our conventional and nu-clear forces, withdrawing from Iraq and Afghanistan, ending the tools devel-oped by the previous administration to wage the war on terror, and placing a greater reliance upon international or-ganizations and diplomacy. That has been the hallmark of the Obama for-eign policy. 
None of this is a surprise. The Presi-
dent ran in 2008 as the candidate who would end the wars in Iraq and Afghan-istan and the war on terror. And our Nation has a regrettable history of drawing down our forces and capabili-ties after each conflict, only to find ourselves ill prepared for the next great struggle. 
The book ends to the President’s 
policies were the Executive order signed his very first week in office that included the declaration that Guanta-namo would be closed within a year, without any plan for what to do with its detainees, and the Executive order that ended the Central Intelligence Agency’s detention and interrogation programs. Now, some of these detain-ees, my colleagues, are now in Qatar, preparing to rejoin the Taliban. Some are in Uruguay, camped out in a park across from the American embassy. And, regrettably, some are back on the battlefield in Yemen, Afghanistan, and Syria. These are other hallmarks of the Obama foreign policy. 
Last year the President announced 
that all of our combat forces would be withdrawn from Afghanistan by the end of his term in office, whether or not—whether or not—the Taliban were successful in capturing parts of Af-ghanistan, whether or not Al Qaeda senior leadership has found a more per-missive environment in the tribal areas of Pakistan, and whether or not Al Qaeda has been completely driven from Afghanistan. 
I will repeat. The pattern is clear. 
The President has been a reluctant Commander in Chief. And between those two book ends, my colleagues, much has occurred that has under-mined our national security. 
There was the failure to negotiate a 
status of forces agreement with Iraq that would have allowed for a residual military force and prevented the as-sault by the Islamic State of Syria and the Levant. China is aggressively ex-panding its sphere of influence. There is the threat to veto funding for the troops—we just heard it from the mi-nority leader—and their equipment without similar increases at the IRS and EPA. 
Let me say that again. The President 
is threatening to veto the Defense bill unless we increase funding for the IRS and EPA. Now, this is going to dimin-
ish our military’s ability to respond to the myriad of threats that are facing us today. And we all know what they are. Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has doggedly pursued tactics and capa-bilities to circumvent all that we have done since September 11, 2001, to defend our country. 
So while the President has inflexibly 
clung to campaign promises made in 2008, the threat from Al Qaeda has me-tastasized around the world. ISIL, which has broken off from Al Qaeda, uses social media to communicate with Americans, divert them to encrypted communications, encourage travel to the would-be caliphate, and encourage attacks right here at home. Al Qaeda and ISIL publish online magazines in-structing individuals in terrorist tac-tics. And in the long run, the al-Nusra Front in Syria may present the great-est long-term threat—the greatest long-term threat—to our homeland. 
The President’s efforts to dismantle 
our counterterrorism tools have not only been inflexible, but they are espe-cially ill timed. 
So today the Senate will vote on 
whether we should take one more tool away from those who defend this coun-try every day: the ability of a trained analyst, under exceedingly close super-vision, and only with the approval of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, to query a database of call data records based on reasonable articulable suspicion—no content, no names, no listings of phone calls of law-abiding citizens. None of that is going on. We are talking about call data records. 
These are the providers’ records, 
which is not what the Fourth Amend-ment speaks to. It speaks to ‘‘the right of the people to be secure in their per-sons, houses, papers, and effects.’’ But these records belong to the phone com-panies. Let me remind the Senate that the standard for reasonable articulable suspicion is that the terror suspect is associated with a ‘‘foreign terrorist or-ganization’’ as determined by a court. Nobody’s civil liberties are being vio-lated here. 
The President’s campaign to destroy 
the tools used to prevent another ter-rorist attack has been aided by those seeking to prosecute officers in the in-telligence community, to diminish our military capabilities, and, despicably, to leak and reveal classified informa-tion—putting our Nation further at risk. 
Those who reveal the tactics, 
sources, and methods of our military and intelligence community give a playbook—a playbook—to ISIL and to Al Qaeda. As the Associated Press de-clared today, the end of the section 215 program is a ‘‘resounding victory for Edward Snowden’’—a ‘‘resounding vic-tory for Edward Snowden.’’ It is also a resounding victory for those currently plotting attacks against our homeland. 
Where was the defense of the Na-
tional Security Agency from the Presi-dent? Our chairman of the Intelligence 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3444 June 2, 2015 
Committee and his committee col-
leagues have worked with determina-tion to educate the Senate concerning the legal, technical, and oversight safe-guards currently in place. 
We hear concerns about public opin-
ion. A CNN poll was released today— just today. The CNN poll is not exactly part of the rightwing conspiracy. It states that 61 percent of Americans—61 percent of Americans—think that the expiring provisions of the PATRIOT Act, including data collection, should be renewed. 
So if there is widespread concern out 
of America about privacy, we are not picking it up. They are not reporting it to CNN. Sixty-one percent say: I am not concerned about my privacy. I am concerned about my security. 
So my view is that the determined ef-
fort to fulfill campaign promises made by the President back in 2008 reflects an inability to adapt to the current threat—what we have right now—an in-flexible view of past political griev-ances and a policy that will leave the next President in a weaker position to combat ISIL. 
I cannot support passage of the so- 
called USA FREEDOM Act. It does not enhance the privacy protections of American citizens, and it surely under-mines Americans’ security by taking one more tool from our war fighters, in my view, at exactly the wrong time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, if my friend 
the majority leader is concerned, as he should be, about why the country is less secure—especially in the last cou-ple of weeks—he should look in the mirror. We have a situation where he has tried to divert attention from what has gone on here. It was as if there had been a big neon sign flashing saying: You can’t do highway reauthorization, you can’t do FISA reauthorization, and you can’t do trade in 4 or 5 days. 
To do this right, we should have 
spent some time on FISA. Because of the mad rush to do trade, that did not happen. So today to try to divert at-tention from what I believe has been a miscalculation of the majority leader, it is making this country less safe. Every day that goes by with the FISA bill not being reauthorized is a bad day for our country. It makes us less safe. And to try to divert attention, as he has tried doing in the last few min-utes—blaming the Obama administra-tion for stopping torture, the detention centers, pulling troops out of Iraq—I say, my friend is looking in the wrong direction. 
The issue before us is not to be—and 
he is, in effect, criticizing the House of Representatives for passing this FISA bill, to reauthorize it in a way that is more meaningful to the American peo-ple and makes us more safe. It makes it so people feel more secure about the intelligence operations we have going on in this country. 
Is he criticizing the Speaker for 
working hard to get this bill reauthor-ized and in a fashion the American peo-
ple accept? Because his criticism today is not directed toward people who voted here today; it is directed toward the bipartisan efforts in the House of Representatives that passed this bill overwhelmingly, with 338 votes. It is one of a few bipartisan things they have done over there, and they did it for the security of this Nation. I do not think any of us needs a lecture on why we are less secure today than we were a few days ago. I hope everyone will vote to continue the surveillance possi-bilities that we have available if this law passes. If it does not pass, what are we going to do? It will go to the House of Representatives. The majority lead-er of the House of Representatives, the distinguished House Member from Cali-fornia, Mr. M
CCARTHY , said: They do 
not want anything from us. They want this bill passed. They want the USA FREEDOM bill passed today. That is what the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. G
OODLATTE , said. Of 
course, that is what the Democratic leader says also. 
Let’s vote. A vote today to pass this 
bill will make our country safer imme-diately, not a week from now. That is how long it will take, at a minimum, if this bill is changed when it goes to the House—I am sorry—if it does not go to the President directly, and it should go directly from here to the President of the United States. He can sign this in a matter of hours and put us back on a more secure footing to protect our-selves from the bad guys around the world. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as 
my good friend, the minority leader, frequently reminded me over the last few years, the majority leader always gets the last word. 
Look, his fundamental complaint is 
he does not get to schedule the Senate anymore. He wanted to kill the Presi-dent’s trade bill, and so he did not like the fact that we moved to the trade bill early enough before the opposition to it might become more severe. 
I say to the Senator, the minority 
leader, he does not get to set the sched-ule anymore. My observations about the President’s foreign policy are di-rectly related to the vote we are about to cast. It remains my view—I know there are differences of opinion, and I respect everybody in here who has a different opinion—that this bill is part of a pattern to pull back, going back to the time the President took office. I re-member the speech in Cairo back in 2009 to the Muslim world, which sought to question American exceptionalism. We are all pretty much alike. If we just talked to each other more, everything would be OK. In almost every measur-able way, all the places I listed, plus Ukraine—you name them—we have been pulling back. My view with regard to my position and my vote is that this is a step in the wrong direction. But I respect the views of others, and I sus-pect the minority leader will be happy 
at the end of the day. It appears to me the votes are probably there to pass this bill, and it will go to the Presi-dent. I still think it is a step backward from where we are. It has been a great debate. I respect all of those who en-gaged in it on both sides. I think it is time to vote. 
I yield the floor. The bill was ordered to a third read-
ing and was read the third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill 
having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? 
Mr. LEAHY. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 67, 
nays 32, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 201 Leg.] 
YEAS—67 
Alexander 
Ayotte Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coons Cornyn Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Flake Franken Gardner 
Gillibrand Grassley Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski 
Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Rounds Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—32 
Baldwin 
Barrasso Blunt Burr Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cotton Crapo Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Hatch Isakson McCain McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts 
Rubio Sanders Sasse Sessions Shelby Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Graham 
The bill (H.R. 2048) was passed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; fur-ther, that at 5 p.m., Senator R
OUNDS be 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3445 June 2, 2015 
recognized to deliver his maiden 
speech. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the bill 
we just passed is a historic moment. It is the first major overhaul of govern-ment surveillance laws in decades that adds significant privacy protections for the American people. It has been a long and difficult road, but I am proud of what the Congress has achieved today. This is how democracy is supposed to work. Congress is ending the bulk col-lection of Americans’ private phone records once and for all. 
To my partners in the Senate on both 
sides of the aisle, I thank you. Senator L
EE, whose name is on our bill here in 
the Senate, believes strongly in our constitutional system of government. He has worked tirelessly to advance this bill from the day we first intro-duced the USA FREEDOM Act. Sen-ator F
RANKEN has devoted himself to 
the transparency measures in the bill. Senator B
LUMENTHAL shaped the FISA 
Court amicus provisions. This was hard fought, and they never wavered. 
I also want to thank Senators H
ELL-
ER, CRUZ, MURKOWSKI , DAINES , DURBIN , 
and S CHUMER , the other original co-
sponsors of this bill. They have each worked to help advance this legislation and build the coalition we needed to fi-nally get to our strong bipartisan vote in the Senate for passage. I must also mention Senator F
EINSTEIN , who pro-
vided invaluable support to get this bill across the finish line. Of course, I also need to thank Minority Leader R
EID, 
who has never wavered in his strong support and responsible leadership. 
On the House side, Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE and Congressmen S ENSEN -
BRENNER , CONYERS , and N ADLER have 
been the kind of bipartisan partners on this bill that every legislator wants in their corner. 
I also need to thank Senators W
YDEN  
and H EINRICH and former Senator Mark 
Udall, who used their positions on the Senate Intelligence Committee to ask the hard questions behind closed doors and who have fought to end this pro-gram for so long. 
While we have much work to do, we 
have accomplished something momen-tous today. We are a better nation for it. 
I also want to thank the many staff-
ers who have worked long hours on this legislation for nearly two years now. On my own Judiciary Committee staff, I thank Chan Park, Lara Flint, Jessica Brady, Hasan Ali, Patrick Sheahan, Logan Gregoire, Jonathan Hoadley, Joel Park and Kristine Lucius. My per-sonal office staff, including J.P. Dowd, Erica Chabot, David Carle, John Tracy and Diane Derby, also worked hard on this effort, and I am grateful for that. I also want to thank Democratic and Republican Senate staffers who have 
toiled countless hours on this effort, including Matt Owen, Mike Lemon, Wendy Baig, James Wallner, Josh Finestone, Scarlet Doyle, Ayesha Khanna, Alvaro Bedoya, Helen Gilbert, Samantha Chaifetz, Sam Simon, John Dickas, Chad Tanner, and Jennifer Bar-rett. 
We not only worked across the aisle 
on this legislation, but we also worked across the Capitol. The bipartisan group of House staff who helped to craft this compromise bill and gen-erated such an overwhelming vote on this legislation deserve enormous cred-it for their work: Caroline Lynch (who along with Lara Flint deserves a per-fect attendance award for extensive ne-gotiating sessions), Bart Forsyth, Aaron Hiller (whose wife deserves our thanks as she had a baby just weeks before the House considered the bill), Jason Herring, Shelley Husband, Branden Ritchie, and Perry Apelbaum. 
I thank those at the White House 
who devoted countless hours including Josh Pollack, Jeff Ratner, Ryan Gillis, Michael Bosworth, and Chris Fonzone. I also appreciate the work of so many other executive branch officials at the Justice Department, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Office of the Director of National Intelligence, and National Se-curity Agency who work so hard to keep our country safe and answered our questions at all hours of the day and night. 
I also need to thank the many public 
interest groups, on all ends of the po-litical spectrum, who stuck with us de-spite many challenges. There are too many to name, but without their en-ergy and expertise, this reform effort would never have come to fruition. Likewise, the technology industry pro-vided invaluable input and support for this legislation. 
And finally, I would like to thank the 
dedicated staff in the Office of Senate Legislative Counsel, whose tremendous work in assisting us with legislative drafting often goes unnoticed and un-recognized. In particular, I want to thank John Henderson, Kim Albrecht- Taylor, and James Ollen-Smith for their assistance and technical exper-tise. 
Seeing nobody else seeking recogni-
tion, I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, today I am here for the 101st time to urge this body to wake up to the threat of climate change. It is real, it is caused by carbon pollution, and it is 
dangerous. 
There is a legislative answer to this 
problem that my Republican col-leagues should consider, and that is a carbon fee. 
The unpleasant fact here in Congress 
presently, anyway, is that Congress is ruled by the lobbyists and the political enforcers for the fossil fuel industry. But outside this Chamber, where the fossil fuel industry’s power is less fierce, there is considerable conserv-ative support for a carbon fee. 
Leading right-of-center economists, 
conservative think tanks, and former Republican officials, both legislative and executive, all say that putting a price on carbon pollution is the right way to deal with climate change. They know that climate denial cannot stand against the facts. As the Washington Post reported last month, prominent thinkers on the right are ‘‘increasingly pushing’’ for a climate policy based on conservative principles and on values such as property rights, market effi-ciency, and personal liberty. They rec-ommend pricing carbon. 
Jerry Taylor, a former vice president 
at the CATO Institute now leads his own Libertarian think tank, which is making the case for a carbon fee. He recognized that ‘‘the scientific evi-dence became stronger and stronger over time.’’ He knows climate denial is not an option. He says that ‘‘because catastrophic climate change is a non- diversifiable risk, we should logically be willing to pay extra to avoid climate risks.’’ Taylor points out that hedging against terrible outcomes is what we expect in our financial markets. Why should we not do the same for climate change? 
Conservatives have also long agreed 
that government should prevent one group harming another. Conservative economist Milton Friedman still tops the reading lists of Republicans in Con-gress. Republican Presidential hopefuls still invoke his name to show their free market bona fides. Asked whether the government had any role to play in re-ducing pollution, Friedman said: 
There’s always a case for the government 
to do something about it. Because there is always a case for the government to some extent when what two people do affects a third party. 
Friedman is describing what he 
called ‘‘neighborhood effects’’ or what many economists call ‘‘negative externalities.’’ A negative externality is when two parties engage in a trans-action and the result of that trans-action causes damage to a third party—a third party that did not con-sent to the arrangement. That is an ex-ternality, and when the consequence is harmful, it is a negative externality. In a free society, wrote Friedman, govern-ment exists, in part, to diminish those negative externalities. 
When the costs of such negative 
externalities don’t get factored into the price of a product, even conserv-ative economic doctrine classifies that 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3446 June 2, 2015 
as a subsidy. For the polluters who 
traffic and burn fossil fuels, that sub-sidy is huge. 
In a finding it describes as ‘‘shock-
ing,’’ the International Monetary Fund estimated the true costs of fossil fuel energy, taking into account public health problems, climate change, and other negative externalities, and they added it up to a polluter world subsidy of $5.3 trillion a year. The subsidy here in the United States for the fossil fuel industry will hit $699 billion this year. 
It is no wonder the fossil fuel enforc-
ers wield their clout in Congress so en-ergetically. At $700 billion a year just in the United States, why would the big polluters not want to squeeze one more fiscal quarter, one more year of public subsidy out of the rest of us at $700 billion a year? We usually talk about big numbers here in the Senate over a 10-year period. That is the way our budget works. Over a 10-year budg-et period, that is $7 trillion. No wonder they are so remorseless. 
From their point of view, lunch is 
good when someone else is picking up the tab, and Senate Republicans have been far too willing to let the polluters dine for free. Outside of this Chamber, however, conservative economists call such an enormous public subsidy a market failure. The price of fossil fuel energy does not match its true costs. That market imbalance artificially fa-vors polluting fuels and their pro-ducers—picking winners and losers, if you will. 
A carbon fee can make the markets 
more efficient and level the playing field for different types of energy. Any-one who really believes in a free mar-ket should favor a carbon fee. That is what makes it work. 
Harvard Professor N. Gregory 
Mankiw has been an economic adviser to President George W. Bush and to Presidential candidate Mitt Romney. He has pointed out that a carbon fee can help repair such a market failure and that ‘‘the idea of using taxes to fix problems, rather than merely raise government revenue, has a long his-tory.’’ 
In a 2013 New York Times op-ed, 
former Republican EPA Administra-tors Bill Ruckelshaus, Christine Todd Whitman, Lee Thomas, and William Reilly wrote: ‘‘A market-based ap-proach, like a carbon tax, would be the best path to reducing greenhouse-gas emissions.’’ 
A carbon fee can also generate sig-
nificant revenue, and this could help achieve conservative priorities, such as lowering taxes. Art Laffer, one of the architects of President Reagan’s eco-nomic plan, popularizer of the famous ‘‘Laffer curve,’’ has looked at using a carbon tax to fund a payroll tax cut. He said: ‘‘I think that would be very good for the economy.’’ 
Did you get that? Arthur Laffer, 
President Reagan’s economic adviser, said that a carbon tax, funding a pay-roll tax cut, ‘‘would be very good for the economy.’’ And as an adjunct, he continues: ‘‘It would also reduce car-
bon emissions into the environment.’’ 
It is a pretty simple idea. You can 
lessen the tax burden on things that you do want—employment, jobs, prof-its—and make up for the lost revenue by ending the subsidy of something you don’t want—pollution. 
What is not to love unless you are a 
big polluter? Dr. Irwin Stelzer, an edi-tor at the Weekly Standard and direc-tor of economic policy studies at the conservative Hudson Institute, said that for a tax-swapping carbon fee, ‘‘conservative support would depend solely on a desire to get the economy growing faster by shifting the tax bur-den from good stuff like work to bad stuff like pollutants.’’ 
The fundamental conservative faith 
in the free market points to a carbon fee. A carbon fee priced at the true so-cial cost of carbon would allow the market—not the polluters, not the gov-ernment—to sort out which energy mix is best for society. On this question, Republicans have a choice to make: Are they real conservatives who will support a free market solution or are they the playthings of the fossil fuel industry, which will not pick up this question at all? 
Well, if you do not like picking win-
ners and losers, then quit favoring fos-sil fuel to the tune of $700 billion a year just in America and level the playing field with a good, conservative, deficit neutral carbon fee. Level the playing field. 
That is how George Shultz sees it. 
George Shultz was President Nixon’s Treasury Secretary and President Rea-gan’s Secretary of State. He and Nobel laureate economist Gary S. Becker made the case for a carbon fee in the Wall Street Journal: 
Americans like to compete on a level play-
ing field. All the players should have an equal opportunity to win based on their com-petitive merits, not on some artificial imbal-ance that gives someone or some group a special advantage. 
That is why Secretary Shultz sup-
ports a price on carbon. 
As an addition, there is also a huge 
economic win that will result, accord-ing to knowledgeable conservatives. Last year, George W. Bush’s Treasury Secretary, Hank Paulson, said, ‘‘A tax on carbon emissions will unleash a wave of innovation to develop tech-nologies, lower the costs of clean en-ergy and create jobs as we and other nations develop new energy products and infrastructure.’’ 
Former Republican Congressman Bob 
Inglis has become a leading conserv-ative voice in the fight against climate change. He specifically supports using a carbon fee and even introduced legis-lation when he was in Congress to price carbon and cut payroll taxes, the Laffer combination. Last year, he told the Dallas Morning News that this would create economic opportunity. 
He said: 
[W]e are discovering in climate science . . . 
that there is a risk that we can avoid from the creative innovation that comes from free 
enterprise. We have a danger and an oppor-tunity. As a conservative, I say what a great opportunity to create wealth, innovate, and sell innovation around the world. 
By the way, Representative Inglis’s 
dedication to this issue recently earned him the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award. I offer him my sincere congratulations. It does, indeed, take courage to come out from behind the veil of skepticism and denial to face the plain truth and to propose real, concrete solutions. That is especially true when the fossil fuel industry wields such relentless, remorseless power over the Republican Party today. 
President Obama’s Clean Power Plan 
is at last putting an end to the free lunch for the fossil fuel industry. This ought to motivate the industry to rethink its inequitable, subsidy-ridden business model. Which is more effi-cient, anyway—government regulation or proper market pricing? 
As American Enterprise Institute 
scholars Kevin Hassett, Steven Hay-ward, and Kenneth Greene put it, ‘‘Be-cause a carbon tax would cause carbon emissions to be reduced efficiently across the entire market, other meas-ures that are less efficient—and some-times even perverse in their impacts— could be eliminated . . . As regulations impose significant costs and distort markets, the potential to displace a fairly broad swath of environmental regulations with a carbon tax offers 
benefits beyond [greenhouse gas] re-ductions’’—i.e., economic benefits. 
Republicans in Congress have a real 
chance to help remake the U.S. energy market under conservative, free mar-ket principles. As far back as 1992, former Chairman of President Reagan’s Council of Economic Advisers, Martin Feldstein, wrote in the Wall Street Journal: 
Although a general carbon fuel tax is moot 
for the moment, the idea will not go away. If carbon dioxide emissions are to be reduced further in the U.S., such a tax will achieve the goal with less economic waste than new bureaucratic hurdles. 
Why don’t today’s Republicans abide 
by this conservative principle? As Douglas Holtz-Eakin, CBO Director under the prior Republican Congress and economic adviser to our friend Senator M
CCAIN’s Presidential bid, 
wrote in the National Review, ‘‘In the bad old days, Democrats bad-mouthed trading systems and price mechanisms; Republicans opposed rifle-shot sub-sidies and mandates. Weirdly, conserv-atives have a need to relearn these les-sons.’’ 
Well, the carbon fee is right in line 
with Douglas Holtz-Eakin’s lessons to be learned. 
On June 10, I will introduce my car-
bon fee proposal at an event hosted by the American Enterprise Institute. I hope that once my colleagues see the details, they will take seriously the promise of a free market solution to climate change. For any Senator who wants to engage on this issue, I am in-terested. I will gladly work with any 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3447 June 2, 2015 
Republican colleague. What we cannot 
do is stay in denial. For both our envi-ronment and our economy, and indeed our honor, we cannot afford to keep sleepwalking. It is time to wake up. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT 
Mr. TOOMEY. Madam President, I 
rise today to speak on H.R. 2048, the USA FREEDOM Act. I want to put it in some context and discuss why I voted the way I did today, but first, a little background. 
It has been now more than a decade 
since Al Qaeda launched its deadly at-tacks on U.S. soil that we all remem-ber so well, killing 2,977 people in New York City, in Washington, DC, and just outside of Shanksville, PA, injuring about 2,700 more, and taking away far too many parents, children, wives, hus-bands, families, and friends. 
As we gather here today, we face 
other grave threats as well. One of the most grave threats is the threat of the Islamic State of ISIS. Secretary of De-fense Hagel described it this way. He said ISIS is ‘‘beyond anything that we’ve seen’’ and constitutes an ‘‘immi-nent threat to every interest we have.’’ 
We know this is a brutal group. They 
behead people. They crucify people. They burn people alive. They system-atically sell young girls into slavery. They control large regions in the Mid-dle East now. They have their sights set on attacking the United States. 
We know there are radicalized ISIS 
sympathizers and adherents here in the United States. Many of them are eager to carry out this group’s destructive ambitions right here in our own coun-try. 
We know ISIS has the resources to 
carry out attacks on our homeland. Al Qaeda spent about half a million dol-lars. That is what it cost them to plan and execute the entire attack on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon. ISIS has amassed a $2 billion fortune— 4,000 times as much money as Al Qaeda spent on September 11. ISIS collects something on the order of an addi-tional $1 million to $2 million every day through the variety of means it has because of the land it controls. So this is a very serious threat. 
Like any other threat, we have an 
obligation to protect the American people from this to the extent we can. In the process, we have an obligation to strike an appropriate balance be-tween the national security we owe our constituents, the American people, and the robust civil liberties we ought to protect because they are enshrined in our Constitution and important to our country. In my view, section 215—the controversial part of the USA PA-TRIOT Act—appropriately struck that balance. 
The best policy we could have pur-
sued this week would have been to re-authorize section 215 in pretty much the form it has been in. If we had done 
so, we would have been repeating what we had done many times before by overwhelming bipartisan majorities I think seven previous times. In 2005, 2006, 2009, 2010, and 2011, Congress reau-thorized the USA PATRIOT Act, in-cluding section 215. Congress did that because there is nothing radical about section 215 or the PATRIOT Act. This— what became a very controversial sec-tion recently—simply gave our na-tional security officials the same kind of ability to access documents, reports, and other tangible items when inves-tigating a potential international ter-rorist attack that a grand jury has and has long had when investigating ordi-nary criminal events such as a car theft. 
It is important to note what section 
215 did not authorize. It did not author-ize the NSA to conduct wiretaps or lis-ten in on any phone conversations. That has never happened. Despite that, there has been rampant misinforma-tion about the telephone metadata pro-gram, as it is referred to, that was con-ducted under section 215, so I want to discuss that a little bit. 
I think one of the most important 
things to stress here is that this metadata program contained only in-formation a third party had. It was not private information that an individual possessed; it was third-party informa-tion held by a telephone company. What is that information the phone companies have always had? It is a phone number. It is a date and time of a call. It is the duration of a call. It is the number being called. That is it. That is the sum total of all of the in-formation in this so-called metadata program. Because that is all the infor-mation, it was completely anonymous. Not only did it not include any context of any conversation—that was not pos-sible. Conversations have never been recorded, so the contents have never been captured. But it also did not con-tain any identifying information with the phone numbers. There are no names, no addresses, no financial infor-mation. There is no information that would in any way identify anybody with any particular number. 
So what did the government do with 
the metadata it had received? Well, it stored it all in a big database, on a big spreadsheet with all of those numbers. That is all it was, was a lot of numbers. 
When the government discovered a 
phone number from a known terrorist, when a group of special ops American forces took down a terrorist group somewhere and grabbed a cell phone, then the government could conduct a search of the metadata, but first a Fed-eral judge would have to give permis-sion. 
After running the search to deter-
mine whether in that metadata there had been phone calls between the known terrorists and numbers in that database, even after doing the search, the government still had no informa-tion identifying the phone number be-cause that is not in the database. Of 
course, as I said before, certainly there was no content because content had never been recorded. 
But a link might be established—and 
if it were to be established, if Federal investigators discovered that the known terrorist was in regular phone communications, for instance, with someone in the United States, then that fact could be turned over to the FBI, and the FBI could conduct an in-vestigation, which might be a very use-ful investigation to have. 
Well, we have had a number of offi-
cials who have told us how important this program has been, the intelligence value we have received. President Obama, himself, explained that had the section 215 metadata program been in place prior to 9/11, the government might have been able to prevent the at-tack. Remember, we learned afterward about our inability to connect the dots. This was a program that was designed to enable us to connect those dots. 
Even the critics of this program— 
which, as we know, there are many— have never suggested this program was in any way abused, that any individual person had their rights violated, that there was any breach. That case has never been made, not that I have heard. Given the value of the pro-gram—as we have heard from multiple sources—and the complete absence of any record of any abuse of the pro-gram, in my view, Congress should have reauthorized this program, in-cluding section 215. 
But, instead, we have passed an alter-
native, and that is the USA FREEDOM Act. I voted against this measure today because I am concerned the USA FREEDOM Act does not provide us with the tools we need at a time when the risks have been as great as ever. Let me just mention some of these. 
First, under the USA FREEDOM Act, 
it is entirely possible that the govern-ment may not be able to continue any metadata program at all. I say that be-cause the bill explicitly forbids the government from maintaining the database that we have been maintain-ing and instead the bill assumes that private phone companies will retain the data, and then the government will be able to access that data as needed. 
But there is a problem with this as-
sumption. The problem is the bill doesn’t require the phone companies to preserve any of this data. Under the USA FREEDOM Act, the phone compa-nies could destroy the metadata in-stantaneously after a phone call oc-curs. 
They have a regulatory obligation to 
keep billing information, but a lot of bills are unlimited calls with a single monthly charge. They have no statu-tory or regulatory requirement to re-tain the records of these calls. As cur-rently practiced, I am not aware of any phone companies that retain this data for the 5 years our intelligence officials believe is the necessary timeframe to provide the security they would like to provide. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3448 June 2, 2015 
There is another problem, it seems to 
me, with the USA FREEDOM Act; that is, it is entirely possible the time pe-riod contemplated for establishing the software that will enable the govern-ment to query the many different pri-vate phone company databases—that timeframe will not be long enough. We don’t know whether it is going to be long enough. We will just find out, I suppose, when the time comes. But this is a complex exercise that has to be carried out in real time, and the USA FREEDOM Act simply creates a dead-line. It doesn’t ensure that we will have this in place. 
A second concern I have is that the 
USA FREEDOM Act weakens other in-telligence-gathering tools that are un-related to any of the metadata pro-grams which have received most of the attention. 
So the USA FREEDOM Act gives in-
telligence officials—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania has used 10 minutes. 
There is an order to recognize the 
Senator from South Dakota. 
Mr. TOOMEY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent for 30 seconds to wrap up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. TOOMEY. Madam President, I 
conclude by saying that we are at least at as great a risk as we have ever been, and the first priority of the Federal Government of the United States is to protect people of the United States. 
I am deeply concerned that the USA 
FREEDOM Act diminishes an impor-tant tool for providing for this secu-rity, and I hope that in the coming months we can address this bill and try to correct the many flaws it has. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Dakota. 
f 
REGULATORY REFORM 
Mr. ROUNDS. Madam President, I 
rise, for the first time speaking in this Chamber, to discuss the future of our great Nation, how truly fortunate we are to live in the greatest country in the world. 
We are protected by the best military 
that has ever existed and that, in turn, allows us to live freely here at home, to focus on our God-given rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. 
In my home State of South Dakota, 
we cherish these rights. We have the opportunity to make our dreams come true because we have these rights and because we have a commonsense value system to guide us. 
When I was elected, I promised to 
bring South Dakota common sense to Washington and to work to solve prob-lems for the good of every South Dako-tan and every American. But, unfortu-nately, when I travel back home, I con-tinue to hear from my fellow South Da-kotans about the Federal Government infringing on these rights and values. You see, our great Nation has been 
bogged down in recent years with what I believe is one of the greatest hin-drances to job growth and economic productivity; that is, the overregula-tion of our citizens. Overregulation is not a Democratic or a Republican issue, it is an issue that affects every single one of us. But I believe it is a challenge we can solve through co-operation and perseverance. It doesn’t matter if you are talking about a doc-tor or a small business owner or a farmer or a rancher, overregulation has affected every single sector of our soci-ety. 
The regulatory burden on this coun-
try is nearly $2 trillion annually, and this is in addition to the tax burden al-ready placed on our American citizens. That regulatory burden is larger than Canada’s entire economy. In fact, the cost to comply with Federal regula-tions is larger than the entire GDP of all but only eight other countries in the entire world. 
Even more staggering, just a few 
years ago, we surpassed 1 million Fed-eral regulations in America—1 million Federal regulations. Regulations are stifling economic growth and innova-tion and hurting the future of this country by crushing the can-do Amer-ican spirit that founded our Nation, settled the West, won two World Wars, and put a man on the Moon—and every year more than 3,500 new Federal regu-lations are added. 
This just does not make sense, and it 
certainly is not South Dakota common sense. What alarms me is not only the volume of regulations being thrust upon our citizens but also the process for creating them. The purpose of Con-gress is to be the voice of the people when making laws. Unfortunately, the voice of the people in the rulemaking process has been cut out and replaced by unelected government bureaucrats who think they know better than the farmer or the scientist or the entre-preneur. 
Our Founders recognized the need for 
making laws, granting the power to create laws to Congress and only Con-gress. They meant that process to be difficult so our government would not overburden citizens and restrict their freedom, freedom that those Founding Fathers had just fought so hard to ob-tain. Through Congress, every citizen should have a voice, but unfortunately that is not what is happening today. 
Our Founding Fathers created three 
branches of government with checks and balances for each one. They could never have imagined that we would have a regulatory process in place today where unelected bureaucrats would both write and have the final ap-proval of the rules and regulations under which our people must live. 
This regulatory regime, which is re-
sponsible for the 3,500 new rules each year, has essentially become a fourth branch of government and a de facto legislative body. The problem is exac-erbated because these bureaucrats in Washington have this misperception 
that they know how to run our lives better than we do. 
While working as a business owner, a 
State legislator, as a Governor, and now as a Senator, I have seen just how detrimental this ‘‘Washington knows best’’ mentality is on the daily lives of South Dakotans and Americans. 
Many of my friends on both sides of 
the aisle have come to the Senate floor in recent weeks and months with some great ideas and legislation to limit or stop or repeal or remove some of the worst regulations currently on the books. I applaud them for these efforts, many of which I also support. 
I look forward to working with the 
senior Senator from South Dakota, my friend J
OHN THUNE , as well as anyone 
who is willing to work with me to re-move these burdens that are stunting American greatness and, well, bring a little South Dakota common sense back to our regulatory environment. 
The regulatory system in America 
has run amok. Too often, burdensome, costly regulations are crafted by bu-reaucrats at the highest level of gov-ernment, behind closed doors, with lit-tle input from everyday Americans who disproportionately feel the effects of these one-size-fits-all policies. 
It is regulation without representa-
tion—and it is wrong. The American people are being squeezed out, their voices falling on deaf ears in Wash-ington. Small businesses, which drive our economy and create the majority of jobs in America, are especially hurt by overregulation because they, too, have to hire lawyers and employees to comply with these rules. This takes away capital that could be used to hire new production employees and expand their businesses. 
People in my home State of South 
Dakota feel victimized by their own Federal Government. It is keeping crops from getting to market, and it is keeping businesses from growing. The idea that unelected and unaccountable bureaucrats should be allowed to make sweeping rules and regulations with no recourse should be a concern to every American, regardless of political affili-ation, because it impacts everyone. No party has a lock on the American dream, and American innovation doesn’t have a party affiliation. 
From the stack of paperwork re-
quired to process a bank loan to the regulatory price of putting food on the table, the cost of Federal regulations are ultimately passed down to each and every American. Without excessive regulation, imagine how much more money American families could have in their pockets to spend on what they want, instead of what the government wants. If we cut our redtape, families can stop having to cut their budgets. 
The regulatory regime is a dark 
cloud over our entire economy. I am not saying there isn’t a place for rules in our society; there is. Rules are meant to keep us safe and to promote the greater good, and I do believe there 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3449 June 2, 2015 
are some good rules and regulations 
which are on the books today. The problem I have is with the bad rules that keep good people from going about their daily lives. 
Unfortunately, there are too many of 
these bad rules that are hindering our freedoms and stifling our growth. These are the regulations which we should have a process in place to reex-amine. 
Today, I come to the floor to discuss 
bipartisan legislation, which we have already introduced, to permanently end regulation without representation. It takes a giant leap forward in restor-ing the people’s role in the rulemaking process. After all, if the American peo-ple don’t like the laws we make, they can vote us out, but they have no such power with unelected bureaucrats. They are stuck. 
You see, the bipartisan legislation we 
have submitted, S. Con. Res. 17, would create a Joint Select Committee on Regulatory Reform, whose purpose in-cludes reviewing regulations currently on the books and proposing a new rules review process that includes the elect-ed representatives of the American people. It is rooted in South Dakota common sense and the principles that have made this country great, making government work for Americans, rath-er than against them. 
Madam President, this committee 
would make several recommendations to Congress to rebalance this broken regulatory scheme. 
First, the committee would be tasked 
with exploring options for Congress to review regulations written by agencies before they are enacted, providing much needed oversight through the possibility of a permanent joint rules review committee, which would be tasked with reviewing rules with a cost of $50 million or more. This permanent joint rules review committee would have the ability to delay the imposi-tion of these rules for not more than a year from the time the agency submits the rule for a review to enable Congress to act on the rule if they do not care for the rule. 
Second, the committee would exam-
ine an option for agencies to submit each regulation with a $50 million or more impact to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress for review before the rule is enacted. 
Finally, the joint select committee 
could recommend ways to reduce the financial burden regulations place on the economy as well as sunsetting on-erous and outdated ones. 
This joint select committee would 
not be a permanent one, but it would be bipartisan, bicameral, and hold meaningful hearings so that a perma-nent solution to our overregulation problem can be properly addressed. 
This legislation also offers a starting 
point for the committee by requiring certain possible solutions to our regu-latory problem to be considered. I firm-ly believe that regulations should be reviewed by elected officials, those who are accountable to the American peo-
ple through the democratic process. 
This is not a new concept. It is not 
rocket science. It is a common practice at the State level. In fact, 41 of the 50 States, including my home State of South Dakota, have a rules review process to make sure the executive branch is faithfully executing the laws they seek to implement. 
It is worth repeating that regulations 
are estimated to cost $1.88 trillion an-nually in the United States, and that is above and beyond the tax burden our citizens already share. That amounts to just under $5 billion every single day, and it just doesn’t make sense. It is unfair to those who still believe in and are working to achieve the Amer-ican dream. Whether Americans are seeking to buy a car, take out a mort-gage on a house, start a business, or see the doctor, regulations obstruct them. 
When I think of those who sacrificed 
everything so that our children and grandchildren could create their own version of the American dream, I think about the freedoms and liberties they fought so bravely to defend. They fought so that we could pursue life, lib-erty, and happiness and trust that our government would not hinder these lifelong endeavors. It is not Wash-ington that will continue to make this country great; rather, it is the collec-tive spirit of individual Americans who want to work hard to be successful for their families and their communities. But they need the heavy hand of gov-ernment to be lifted. 
Here in Washington, it is not our job 
to dictate how Americans run their lives but to allow them to achieve their dreams, not make them into night-mares. 
The phrase ‘‘Washington is broken’’ 
is far too common. It seems as though whenever we go home, there is someone who suggests that Washington is bro-ken. We hear it regularly. People use it to describe the current state of our Federal Government. ‘‘Washington’’ is now used in a derogatory manner. 
This city, the Capital of our Nation, 
named after our very first Commander in Chief, the man who led us to victory in the Revolutionary War and birthed this great Nation, has become, over time, the same as a four-letter word. Remember, George Washington left the Presidency voluntarily after two terms in office. He wanted to get away from the monarch style of government in which rulers held their positions for life. And now this city that bears his name is full of lifelong bureaucrats— and even worse, they are unaccount-able to the people. It is a far cry from the Republic our Founders envisioned. 
Madam President, in the year 2026 
our country will celebrate its 250th birthday. That is just over a decade away. When we get to that point, I hope to join my fellow Americans in 
looking back with great pride in all we have accomplished and all we have to pass on to future generations. 
President Kennedy challenged our 
Nation to put a man on the Moon be-fore the decade of the 1960s had 
passed—less than 10 years. I am not asking us to do anything as tough as putting a man back on the Moon, but I think we should commit ourselves to removing the barrier of government regulations that is weighing on the American spirit and again set free the American economy before the decade preceding our 250th birthday. 
I have not submitted legislation to 
start a new committee that exists in name and does no deed. Americans want us and expect us to be up to this challenge, and I believe we are. We can lift the heavy hand of government. The Founding Fathers did not anticipate thousands of regulators and a million regulations when they created this country. It is time to end this regula-tion without representation and re-store the lawmaking process to the people. 
I thank my friends on both sides of 
the aisle who have cosponsored RE-STORE and encourage the rest of my colleagues to sign on to this common-sense approach to addressing the issue of overregulation so we can work to make this country even greater and safer than we found it. Then, during our 250th birthday celebration, we can be proud that we restored a little South Dakota and American common sense for our children and their chil-dren. 
With that, Madam President, I yield 
the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SENATOR 
ROUNDS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
let me say to our colleague from South Dakota how much all of us enjoyed his first major speech and also congratu-late him on focusing on what I think is the single biggest problem confronting our country, creating the slow growth rate we have had throughout the Obama Presidency. 
The Senator from South Dakota has 
focused on the biggest drag on our economy, the single biggest thing hold-ing this country back from reaching its 
potential, and I would say to my friend from South Dakota that he has picked the perfect subject and has laid out a good solution to it. I hope lots of col-leagues on both sides of the aisle will rally around this excellent proposal as a good way forward in dealing with the single biggest domestic problem we have regarding the future growth of our country. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Dakota. 
Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I, 
too, wish to congratulate my colleague from South Dakota, Senator R
OUNDS , 
because he has already been a great leader on this subject. As a successful two-term Governor, a leader in our State legislature, he was a practical, commonsense, down-to-earth Governor who just liked to get things done. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3450 June 2, 2015 
I think coming here to Washington, 
DC, and finding the massive bureauc-racy—in some cases, dysfunction—that surrounds this city, there can be a lot of disillusionment at times for people across the country. I think the new Senator from South Dakota is going to be a great voice, a clear voice on solu-tions for how to break through that. He will be a great partner and someone I look forward to continuing to work with. We worked together a lot during his time as Governor and while in the State legislature, but I am delighted he is here in the Senate, where he can take his skills and experience and the passion he has to bring about positive change for our country and put it to work on behalf of the people of South Dakota and the people of our country. 
I look forward to working with him 
on the very issue he talked about today because there is probably nothing right now that has a greater economic im-pact and creates more economic harm for the people we represent in South Dakota than regulatory overreach. This is evidenced on an almost daily basis as new regulations emanate from various agencies around this town that make it more difficult and more expen-sive for people to create jobs, more dif-ficult for farmers and ranchers and small business people to do the things they do best, and just create a higher burden, a higher level of harm for peo-ple across the State because everything that comes out of Washington, DC, that drives up the cost of doing busi-ness in this country gets passed on to consumers in our State and all across the country. 
I congratulate the Senator from 
South Dakota on his remarks and am grateful for his great service to our State in so many ways already and now adding to that here as a Member of the Senate, where we have big problems, big challenges, but he meets that with not only big enthusiasm but big experi-ence when it comes to knocking down these barriers and making it more pos-sible for people in this country to live more prosperous lives, safer lives, and hopefully more fulfilled lives when they can get government out of the way and allow their greatest aspira-tions to surface. 
So I hope we have the opportunity to 
deal with a lot of those issues and do it in a way that creates greater pros-perity for people across South Dakota and across this country. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, let 
me observe that after hearing all the Senator from South Dakota said and what his goals are, he sure chose the right committee, the committee I chair, the Environment and Public Works Committee. That is what we talk about. That is what we do. 
I had the honor of being in South Da-
kota before the election, and as I walked around in South Dakota and looked around, I thought, I could just as well be in Oklahoma. While I was 
there, I talked to the farm bureau peo-ple there, and they said it is the regu-lations. That is a farm State. Okla-homa is a farm State, and we under-stand that. 
Of all the regulations they have and 
the problems they have, they say the EPA overregulates and causes the greatest problems. They singled one out—endangered species. They singled another one out—the waters of the United States. Currently, we are doing legislation on the waters of the United States, and it is legislation that is going to get that burden off of the peo-ple from South Dakota and Oklahoma. Right now, we are considering the most expensive of all the regulations, which is the ozone regulations. It would con-stitute the greatest single increase in expenditures or taxes of anything in the history of this country. 
So it is nice to know we have some-
one who is so committed to the goals of this committee to be singling this out in a maiden speech as his greatest con-cern. I appreciate that as the chairman of that committee, and we are going to do wonderful things together for South Dakota, Oklahoma, and America. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak in morn-ing business for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DROUGHT AND WILDFIRES 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, this 
afternoon I wish to call attention to the severe drought and wildfires that are already burning in my home State of Oregon and across the West. 
Earlier today, the Energy and Nat-
ural Resources Committee, on which I serve, held a hearing on drought. There is no question that communities in many of our Western States are experi-encing very uncertain times. Our farm-ers are concerned about water for their crops. Outdoorsmen and business own-ers fear low reservoir and river levels are going to ruin the summer season. Conservationists worry about a lack of cold water for fish habitats. 
Drought and fire are a dangerous 
combination and create a trend con-tinuing this year. Fire seasons have gotten drier. The fires have gotten hot-ter, and they have become far more ex-pensive to fight. And severe drought is now compounding the crisis. We ought to make no mistake about what is going on in the West. The West is now bone dry, and the tragic fact is that this is the new normal for Oregon 
farmers and ranchers. Water is an in-creasingly scarce and precious re-source. 
Right now, every last square mile of 
Oregon is experiencing abnormally dry conditions, and almost 70 percent of my State is under severe drought. Fif-teen of Oregon’s 36 counties have de-clared drought emergencies or have been declared a drought emergency by the Governor. The unusually warm winter in my home State meant record low snowpack, which devastates sum-mertime runoff, which is so important to Oregon’s water supply. 
Drought raises enormous issues for 
communities and State and Federal agencies. They have to find ways to cope while using less water. Authori-ties feel they are in a position, or are forced into a position, to have to make seemingly impossible choices about where to dedicate increasingly scarce resources. All of these rural commu-nities have to face challenges that are heightened by drought—particularly the threat of wildfires. 
Drought conditions mean that west-
ern forests and grasslands are espe-cially likely to go up in flames. It means that more acres will burn, more people and more structures will be at risk, and more funds are going to be needed to put the fires out. 
Fire season this year has started ear-
lier than normal. In fact, I received a fire briefing at home this March. That is the earliest I have had a fire briefing in all of my time in Congress. It cer-tainly bodes badly for the extra costs that we are likely to see. I recently got a letter from the Forest Service with the estimate of anticipated wildfire suppression costs for fiscal year 2015. The middle-of-the-road estimate for how much it will cost to fight wildfires is nearly $1.25 billion. On the high end, it could cost more than $1.6 billion. But the funding, however, that has been dedicated to fighting fires does not come close—not close—to covering those costs. The appropriated amount is $200 million less than even the most conservative median forecast. Wishful thinking in the budget is not going to be very useful in putting the fires out. Fighting fires costs money, and it can’t be punted into the future like some minor budget line item. Once again, then, we are looking at the prospect of the Forest Service having to raid other accounts in order to put out the blazes. 
According to the Forest Service, in 
2013, $40 million was essentially stolen from the National Forest Fund, which would pay for the stewardship and management of the 193 million acres of national forests and grasslands. And $30 million was stolen from the account that funds the disposal of brush and other debris from timber operations. This brush and debris is essentially fuel for future fires. 
Those figures represent the stark re-
ality that the broken funding system in place is shortchanging the resources needed for sensibly fighting wildfires. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3451 June 2, 2015 
The cycle of stealing money from pre-
vention accounts to pay for suppres-sion of forest fires just repeats itself again and again without end, and it will continue until this funding prob-lem is finally fixed. 
Senator C
RAPO , our colleague from 
Idaho, and I have been working on a bi-partisan basis to fix this flawed policy for quite some time now. He and I in-troduced the Wildfire Disaster Funding Act to end this damaging cycle, which I have described and which in the West we call fire borrowing. Our bill would raise the Federal disaster cap to allow the agencies to treat wildfire-fighting efforts like other natural disasters be-cause wildfires are natural disasters, destructive and costly, no different than hurricanes, floods, and tornadoes. 
When our governmental agencies are 
forced to borrow from other accounts to fight fires that have bankrupted these accounts for fire suppression, they rob from the funds that are need-ed to reduce hazardous fuels in the for-ests, which leads to even more choked and overstocked forests ripe for future fires. 
In effect, what happens is the preven-
tion funds—the funds for thinning, cleaning out all of that debris—get shorted. So then you might have a lightning strike or something in our part of the world and you have an in-ferno on your hands. The government, in effect, borrows from the prevention fund to put the fire out, and the prob-lem just gets worse and worse. It is that problem that Senator C
RAPO and I 
are trying to fix. 
On a bipartisan basis, we seek to give 
the agencies the tools they need to sup-port the courageous firefighters on the ground, men and women who put their lives at risk to ensure that Americans, their homes and communities are pro-tected from destructive wildfires. 
I know there are other Members of 
the Senate who are very interested in solving the fire-borrowing problem. I encourage all those Members to work with me, Senator C
RAPO , and our staff 
to find a solution that is acceptable to Congress and can be passed soon. 
This is an urgent matter. This is not 
something you can sort of let go and offer the amendment to the amend-ment to the amendment, the kind of thing that happens here, and it just gets shunted off for years on end. This is urgent business because the West has to be in a position to clear these haz-ardous fuels and get out in front of these increasingly dangerous and omi-nous fires. We have to end—we have to end this cycle of catastrophic wildfires in the West. It is long past time for ac-tion. I urge colleagues to join Senator C
RAPO and I to work with us and our 
staff so this body moves, and moves quickly, to fix this problem. 
There is an awful lot of uncertainty 
when it comes to calculating the Fed-eral budget. But what we know for sure—for sure—is that this problem of wildfires in the West is getting increas-ingly serious. The fires are bigger, the fires are hotter, and they last longer. It 
is time to budget for reducing this problem in a sensible way. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
GEORGE SCHENK, CELEBRATING 30 
YEARS OF FLATBREAD 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize George Schenk, founder of one of Vermont’s most beloved res-taurants, American Flatbread. Thirty years ago, American Flatbread was built from the ground up, driven by George’s own enthusiasm, innovation, and drive. He baked his first pizza— flatbread as he prefers to call it—in a wood-fired stone oven of his own de-sign. Today, American Flatbread still bakes its creations in the same stone ovens. 
George started with a vision where 
his food was not just great tasting and nutritional, but also nurturing and healing the soul. He accomplished that and so much more. Anyone who has sat down at American Flatbread after a long day hiking, skiing or even just to visit understands the satisfaction of eating at George’s restaurant. He and his staff maintain a commitment to the core values of the integrity of a meal, using organic and locally sourced ingredients, including those grown in a greenhouse next door. George cul-tivates these ingredients to deliver on his promise of ‘‘good, flavorful, nutri-tious food that gives both joy and health.’’ 
American Flatbread also reflects the 
best of Vermont’s community tradi-tions—caring for one another. Food is often given to help local hospitals and families in need, and those same citi-zens give back when they can. Like many Vermont towns, Waitsfield was devastated by Tropical Storm Irene, and among the damaged businesses was American Flatbread. Despite the dam-age, they were able to reopen in just a few short days thanks to the work of hundreds of local volunteers in both their time and in donations. 
Since the fire was lit in that first 
stone oven, George has stayed true to his vision of a sustainable and commu-nity-oriented business, one that has flourished while calling Vermont its home. In honor of American Flatbread turning 30, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD Sally Pol-
lak’s story from the May 28, 2015, edi-tion of the Burlington Free Press. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: [From the Burlington Free Press, May 28, 
2015] 
AMERICAN FLATBREAD TURNS 30, T HROWS  
COMMUNITY PARTY  
WAITSFIELD .—Thirty years ago in his side 
yard in Warren, George Schenk made a pizza in his wood-fired field stone oven. 
The toppings were simple: olive oil, garlic, 
Parmesan and herbs from his garden. 
‘‘I didn’t know if it was going to stick to 
the rock,’’ Schenk said. ‘‘I didn’t know if it was going to bake. The oven had no door.’’ 
Two couples who were hanging out drink-
ing wine shared that pizza, or flatbread in Schenk vernacular. 
Their response was like a wave at a foot-
ball stadium on a smaller scale, Schenk said. Smiles moved from face to face. 
‘‘We just thought it was great,’’ said Lyn-
don Virkler, dean of education at New Eng-land Culinary Institute, who was one of the original flatbread eaters. ‘‘Because of the nice hot rock it had a nice, crisp crust. And real simple, pure flavors.’’ 
What was meant to be a side dish became 
the ‘‘highlight of the evening,’’ Virkler said. He had met Schenk—a ski bum—five years earlier in the kitchen at Sam Rupert’s, a Warren restaurant. Virkler was chef and Schenk was a salad maker with creativity and drive, Virkler said. 
‘‘We’ve often reflected on our place in his-
tory,’’ Virkler said. ‘‘My wife and I being able to sample the first flatbread.’’ 
Schenk knew that night 30 years ago he 
had made something he and other people en-joyed eating. Beyond that, he found some-thing that was gratifying to make: from building the oven to splitting wood and mak-ing a fire to kneading the dough. 
‘‘I was looking for a professional cooking 
opportunity that felt right,’’ Schenk said. ‘‘Not necessarily being on a line behind closed doors.’’ 
Schenk’s pizza—American Flatbread—has 
been around ever since: never behind closed doors and often outside. It started once a week at Tucker Hill Inn before Schenck opened American Flatbread at Lareau Farm in Waitsfield in 1992. That restaurant spawned a dozen American Flatbreads in New England, one in Hawaii and one in Brit-ish Columbia. 
American Flatbread will be available to all 
next Saturday, when Schenk celebrates 30 years of flatbread with free pizza and salad at his Waitsfield restaurant. Bigger than the birthday party, the event is to recognize community members who give to their com-munities in a variety of ways, he said. 
‘‘It’s the whole range of human experi-
ence,’’ Schenk said, listing the spheres of people and organizations he intends to honor: religious, local government, volun-teer fire and ambulance personnel, people who serve seniors and the ill and injured, those who are involved in the arts and work to protect the environment. 
‘‘Here in this small valley there are 54 reg-
istered nonprofits,’’ Schenk said. 
Schenk spoke of the help his business re-
ceived after two floods—in 1998 and 2011— damaged the restaurant and grounds at Lareau Farm, site of American Flatbread. 
‘‘Over 400 peopled helped us dig out,’’ 
Schenk said. ‘‘People donated tractors, cleaned firewood, mucked out the basement and moved debris. In the absence of that help, this little business would have failed.’’ 
Money also was donated, including a 
$25,000 interest-free loan. 
‘‘People get really squirrely about money,’’ 
Schenk said. But this loan was without that kind of attitude. The check came with a post-it note that read: ‘‘Thinking of you.’’ When Schenk repaid his last loan install-ment of $1,000, the check was returned un-cashed, he said. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3452 June 2, 2015 
‘‘In various iterations that story repeated 
itself over and over,’’ Schenk said. ‘‘With acts of profound kindness, at a time of need and loss.’’ 
The celebration next Saturday is to do 
something ‘‘nice,’’ Schenk said—choosing with care a word an English teacher advised him long ago to stay away from. 
WORDS WITH A SIDE OF PIZZA  
Words matter to Schenk. Over the years 
they have achieved a place of importance in his business. 
The restaurant in Waitsfield has gardens 
that grow food for flatbreads and salad, a campfire on the stone patio, and banners printed with Schenk’s writings on food, fam-ily, community, philosophy, and social issues. 
His compositions, which he calls ‘‘dedica-
tions,’’ appear in the menus at American Flatbread. Schenck has written more than 1,400 over the past 28 years. 
‘‘I have often felt as though if I didn’t 
write, the flatbread wasn’t complete, it wasn’t as good,’’ Schenk said. ‘‘Maybe in truth, I was not as good or complete. It pro-vided an internal discipline that I needed.’’ 
In his semi-retirement, Schenk, 62, is read-
ing through the archive of his dedications with plans to publish them in a book. 
Reading through his dedications, the ones 
that emerge as most meaningful to him are about his family and the time he spent rais-ing his two children, now grown, Schenk said. 
‘‘I’m acutely aware that those days and 
events are past and will never come again,’’ Schenk said. ‘‘The dedications captured something about their childhoods and my ex-periences that I wouldn’t otherwise have.’’ 
A dedication called ‘‘The Family Bed’’ is 
on the porch at American Flatbread. 
It reads in part: ‘‘We are together. Laughing and talking, 
getting ready for bed. ’Read to me first,’ cries Willis who is three. I look at Hanna, half grown at eight years, she looks back at me with patience. ‘Pick out your books and jump into bed, I’ll be with you in just a minute.’ (I go downstairs and fill the old stove with big chunks of wood. It is cold for April.) I hop back up, two stairs at a time, and join them in the big bed.’’ 
Nearby is a dedication titled ‘‘Children and 
the Kitchen.’’ Schenk wrote: 
‘‘Children have a natural curiosity about 
the goings on in a kitchen. It is important to nurture this curiosity so that they have as their own the skills and care of good cook-ing. Almost all food work, from the garden to washing dishes, including knife-work, is child-friendly.’’ 
DREAMING IN THE DIRT  
The garden is where Schenk prefers to 
spend time these days. He has a plot in the staff garden at Flatbread, and he works in a greenhouse at Lareau Farm. 
Schenk loves the physical activity of gar-
dening, and being outside in sunlight and fresh air. He has a particular interest in the nutrient content of the soil, and values the way garden work helps produce food that is ‘‘nutrient dense’’ and rich in flavor, Schenk said. 
‘‘There’s a kind of psychological peace and 
health that comes with the work,’’ he said. ‘‘Our palates really can guide us to health af-firming food.’’ 
He has built in his garden a structure he 
calls a ‘‘soil invertebrate condominium.’’ 
Soil invertebrates, insects and worms, 
stimulate soil bacteria, which improve the biology and chemistry of the soil. The crea-tures also aerate the soil, and help with pest control, Schenk said. They allow Schenk to play in the dirt, and peek into that ‘‘magic place’’ where they live. ‘‘I’ve come to take an enormous amount of 
happiness from this work, and peace,’’ Schenk said last week in his garden. ‘‘As I become older, that peace and well being has become something that I value greatly. My goal wasn’t to go out and create a pizza em-pire. It was to have a healthy and happy life.’’ 
He sold his restaurant development group 
a few years ago, and now works as a Flatbread consultant. Thursday, he trucked buckets of clay gathered at Lareau Farm and sapling alders from a swamp in Roxbury to Rockport, Maine, to build an oven for a new American Flatbread restaurant. 
‘‘It was about letting go of my ego,’’ 
Schenk said of his selling the development group. ‘‘When we idealize the American cor-porate dream and growth, that’s what we see and hold up as a model of success. 
‘‘I got caught up in someone else’s dream. 
As I grew, I came to realize that it wasn’t my dream.’’ 
Schenk dreams in the dirt these days, a 
place he hopes is teeming with activity. 
‘‘Systems that are more complex tend to 
be more stable,’’ he said. ‘‘It’s stability that we’re looking for in our lives.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LAURA PECHAITIS 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to honor the career of Laura Pechaitis, a dedicated public servant who has made a profound difference in the lives of thousands of Ohioans. For 13 years, I have been honored to have Laura on my staff, where she has helped veterans dealing with problems large and small. Laura retires on May 8, 2015, after more than 30 years of serv-ice to her community. 
From the moment Laura contacted 
my then-congressional office about a job, I should have recognized that I was encountering a woman of uncharacter-istic zeal and dedication. Laura wrote to me after she—along with her hus-band, Theodore, and two sons, Marc and Scott—had moved back home to Ohio from New York. She had worked for 18 years in the New York Assembly for State Representative Michael Bragman as his director of constituent services. During her time in the New York Assembly she helped develop a program used by all assembly offices to track and manage casework. Hiring her should have been an obvious decision, but it was only after she had written to me three times that I finally recog-nized the dedication and passion of the person I was dealing with. Hiring Laura has made a difference in the lives of thousands of Ohioans. 
On my staff, Laura primarily focused 
her efforts on assisting Ohio’s veterans. Our veterans and servicemembers dedi-cate their lives to our Nation, and Laura worked to make sure that they received the respect, gratitude, and as-sistance befitting their service. In-spired by her father—a World War II naval veteran—Laura has been com-mitted all of her adult life to serving those who served us. As a student at Miami University, she helped form an auxiliary for the Navy ROTC program, serving as its commander. 
She helped all generations of vet-
erans. She helped men who stormed the beach on D-day secure long-overdue 
medals they had earned, and she helped recent Iraq war veterans access VA benefits to attend college and transi-
tion to civilian life. Her ability to re-solve seemingly intractable cases was legendary. For veterans who had been waiting months, she was able to expe-dite their cases and get them the at-tention they deserved, many within 24 hours. One constituent had been told by the VA that his claim would take 20 days to process. Frustrated and dis-traught, he called Laura while driving to the VA clinic. By the time he pulled into the VA clinic, Laura had resolved the issue. Another veteran in Columbus had lived in her house for 27 months, but she was too afraid to unpack out of fear of being evicted. Laura helped en-sure that this veteran had the VA bene-fits that would enable her to stay in her home. 
Going above and beyond the call of 
duty was the norm for Laura. One vet-eran even had a term for her dedica-tion, dubbing such exemplary service the ‘‘typical Pechaitis fashion.’’ An-other constituent from Warren was having his TRICARE bills denied by the VA. Not only did Laura have the issue resolved within 24 hours, but she worked to help him reenroll in college and went so far as to put him in touch with a mentor at a local university to make sure he went back to school. 
Her drive for public service, however, 
went beyond veterans. In fact, long be-fore he became the star of the Cleve-land Cavaliers, a young LeBron James used to come into my Akron office to spend time with a friend whose mother worked for me. During one those visits, Laura helped LeBron James register for the draft—the Selective Service draft that is, not the NBA draft. 
Since 2006, Laura helped coordinate 
more than 10,000 cases for veterans and Active-Duty members of the armed services. She brought the same energy and empathy to each one. Laura has been a champion of veterans in Ohio, and the breadth of her impact is re-markable. She has been a model public servant, and I am proud to have worked with her. 
Our actions in Congress are closely 
watched, but what too often goes unno-ticed is the work of dedicated staff members whose only goal is to serve those we are elected to represent. I ask that my colleagues join me in thanking Laura Pechaitis for her service to our Nation. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
was unavoidably detained for rollcall vote No. 196 on cloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 2048. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3453 June 2, 2015 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING O’KEEFE FUNERAL 
HOMES 
∑Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize O’Keefe Funeral Homes of Biloxi, MS, on the occasion of their 150 years of service to residents of the Mis-sissippi gulf coast. Since its inception in 1895, O’Keefe Funeral Homes has grown to include six locations through-out South Mississippi. 
In addition to meeting the needs of 
the bereaved for generations, the O’Keefe family has been pivotal to the growth, support, and success of other economic and cultural enterprises across South Mississippi, assisting with the formation of the Walter An-derson Museum and the Ohr-O’Keefe Museum. 
This sesquicentennial anniversary of 
O’Keefe Funeral Homes represents a great milestone for all coast commu-nities and businesses as it is not only one of the oldest recurring businesses in Mississippi but has also survived and thrived in the face of many of our Na-tion’s most devastating natural disas-ters. 
Six generations of O’Keefes have 
served South Mississippi with grace and valor. The O’Keefe’s service has added value to economic sustainability while providing a better way of life for gulf coast residents and businesses. 
I am pleased to recognize the O’Keefe 
family for their 150 years of exemplary service and ongoing devotion to the Mississippi gulf coast. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING AMMALINE HELEN 
HOWARD 
∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor Ammaline Helen ‘‘Amy’’ How-ard, a beloved member of the Charles-ton, WV community. 
The Howard family is a great, well- 
respected family in my beautiful State and I am honored to call the members of this family my dear friends. I had the privilege of meeting Amy, who was affectionately known by so many as Aunt Amy, many times. She was al-ways humble, welcoming, and sup-portive. She was a pillar in the Howard family, standing strong on values with a captivating yet calming spirit. Her nieces and nephews knew if their par-ents told them ‘‘no’’ to something, that 
they could go to Aunt Amy and she would find a way to help them out. 
Put simply, individuals like Amy 
stand out. She was the epitome of what West Virginians are all about, with her welcoming nature and unwavering commitment to help those in need. Amy led by example and treated her neighbors as friends and her friends as family. She instilled this same loyal community service mindset through-out her family. She leaves behind her loving brother Victor, sister-in-law Elaine, and many nieces, nephews, great-nieces, and great-nephews. 
She was a second mother to many, 
and truly brought the whole family to-gether. She made sure a hot meal was 
ready every evening, and if she saw you, she made sure you were invited to dinner that night. 
A native of Charleston, Amy grad-
uated from Charleston High School in 1933 and gave back to her hometown in many ways. She began working at the Naval Ordinance and Armor Plant in South Charleston before joining her brother in his successful grocery busi-ness, Sabe Howard’s Market. She then worked for many years as a loyal em-ployee of the Kanawha County Clerk’s Office before her retirement in 1974. 
Among her many roles, she was a 
member of the Charleston Hightop Club and the West Virginia Woman’s American Syrian League. Amy also supported the West Virginia Symphony League and the St. Jude Hospital be-cause she was passionate about invest-ing her time and efforts to helping oth-ers in any way that she could. 
She was a lifelong member of St. 
George Orthodox Cathedral, and was also a member of the Order of St. Igna-tius of Antioch and the St. George La-dies Guild, serving as an officer. Amy was fiercely committed to her church family, always willing to lend a help-ing hand or prepare food for church functions. Every year at the annual dinner she would help prepare food and make sure there were plenty of her leg-endary cabbage rolls. 
Aunt Amy was a model for the ages. 
She understood what really mattered in life and I enjoyed chatting with her about the jewels in the treasure box of life—family, faith, community, and service. She believed that staying ac-tive was the key to living a long, happy life. Amy loved to walk and visit the mall to get her favorite coffee and bis-cuits, and remained active until her late 90s. 
I recall one time being invited to 
Aunt Amy’s basement kitchen where the heavy cooking really took place. It was filled with freezers, refrigerators, microwaves, and every cooking utensil you can think of. Not many people were invited down to her kitchen, so I knew I was really taken in as part of the family. She truly had that effect on people—it was a second home, and you were considered family. And family comes first. 
Amy was a beloved aunt, friend, and 
inspiration to the Charleston commu-nity. Her glowing smile and positive attitude were contagious and will live on in the memories and hearts of all those who had the privilege of knowing her. Amy’s service was greatly appre-ciated and will certainly never be for-gotten. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING STANFORD 
OVSHINSKY 
∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize Mr. Stanford Ovshinsky, on the occasion of his induction into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. Mr. Ovshinsky, the eldest son of work-ing-class Jewish parents in Akron, OH, displayed an early conviction to im-
proving the lives of all Americans. This conviction inspired a lifelong dedica-tion to advancing labor rights, civil rights, and civil liberties. Despite no formal education after receiving his high school diploma, Mr. Ovshinsky be-came one of the 20th century’s most prolific inventors. His vision and con-
cern for the greater good led to over 400 patents, including major contributions to flexible solar panels, computer memory, flat-screen TV displays, and the development of the nickel-metal hydride battery. 
Mr. Ovshinsky’s belief in the ability 
of science and technology to advance environmental stewardship and quality of life was rooted in his experience as a member of the Workmen’s Circle, a Jewish fraternal organization com-mitted to community, an enlightened Jewish culture, and social justice since it was established in 1900. The Work-men’s Circle inspired Mr. Ovshinsky to pursue science and develop advanced technology dedicated to heightening economic opportunity and improving people’s relationship with the environ-ment around the world. After starting his career as a toolmaker in Akron, Mr. Ovshinsky moved to Detroit in 1952, where he was director of research at the Hupp Corporation and estab-lished General Automation with his younger brother, Herb Ovshinsky. 
At General Automation, Mr. 
Ovshinsky continued his research on intelligent machines, as well as early work on various information and en-ergy technologies. He was invited by Wayne State University to conduct re-search at the university’s neuroscience lab, where he discovered the connec-tion between the amorphous structure of brain cells and amorphous glassy materials. This discovery encouraged Mr. Ovshinsky and his brother to con-struct the Ovitron, a mechanical model of a nerve cell constructed of thin lay-ers of amorphous material, creating the first nanostructure, and estab-lishing the foundation of his research for decades. 
Following his experience at General 
Automation, Mr. Ovshinsky founded Energy Conversion Devices in 1960 with Iris Dibner, who would become his wife and partner for over 50 years. It was at Energy Conversion Devices that he es-tablished Ovonics—the process of turn-ing glassy, thin films into semiconduc-tors with the application of low volt-age—and developed new electronic and optical switches, including Ovonic Phase Change Memory and the Thresh-old Switch. These became the basis for the invention of rewritable CDs and DVDs, as well as the cognitive com-puter. Mr. Ovshinsky’s work also revo-lutionized the construction of solar panels and resulted in the nickel-metal hydride battery, which became an im-portant power source for electric vehi-cles, consumer electronics, industrial equipment, and telecommunications. 
Time Magazine celebrated Mr. 
Ovshinsky as a ‘‘Hero for the Planet’’ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3454 June 2, 2015 
in 1991. In 2006, The Economist recog-
nized him as the ‘‘Edison of our age.’’ At the time of his death in 2012, he was credited on more than 300 publications and had received over 20 major awards and honorary degrees. Throughout his life, however, Mr. Ovshinsky displayed as much vigor for fighting for justice outside his laboratory as within. His efforts contributed to the introduction 
of affordable housing in his affluent neighborhood in Birmingham, MI, and he was a proud member of the Mecha-nist’s Union, as well as an early sup-porter of Walter P. Reuther and the United Auto Workers. It is an honor to recognize someone whose work not only helped usher the world into the modern age, but was also based in a be-lief that each of us has a responsibility to serve our community and leave the world a better place for generations to come. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 125TH STEVENS 
FAMILY REUNION 
∑Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I would 
like to recognize and honor an exem-plary Oregonian family who will soon gather for their 125th family reunion. Family reunions are difficult to orga-nize and even harder to make longlasting traditions. Nonetheless, since 1891 the children of Hanson and Lavina Stevens have managed to hold yearly family reunions, with the excep-tion of one missed reunion during the First World War—truly an amazing feat. 
In many ways, the history of the Ste-
vens family is the history of the State of Oregon. In 1852, the Stevens family decided to take advantage of the Dona-tion Land Claim Act of 1850, which en-couraged settlement of the Oregon Ter-ritory. Hanson and Lavina Stevens, their eight children and a wagon loaded with vital supplies traveled the treach-erous Oregon Trail. 
Twenty-two other wagons traveled 
alongside the Stevens family and un-dertook the Oregon Trail’s most dan-gerous migration year ever recorded. While all of the other families decided to stop near Fort Bridger, WY, in search of gold, Hanson Stevens con-cluded that mining camps were not suitable for raising his family. Instead, the Stevens, like thousands of other pioneers, chose to settle in Oregon. They chose the ‘‘Promised Land.’’ Ever since, the Stevens and their descend-ants have contributed to the territory and then the State of Oregon. 
In June of 1891, the entire family 
gathered for the birthday of the family patriarch at the time, Isaac Stevens. That tradition continued on each year, and eventually turned from a birthday party into a more formal family re-union. 
Today the Stevens decedents are six 
clans strong, and they rotate the re-sponsibility for hosting their memo-rable reunions. This year the Ringo Clan will be hosting the 125th reunion on July 19, 2015 at Champoeg Park in St. Paul, OR. The family tells me that each year 
the various clans all give a report to the family, and the details are recorded in a leather-bound journal. As you can imagine, this journal traces not just the history of the Stevens family but also provides a view into the history of Oregon and the United States. 
And that is part of what makes fam-
ily reunions so wonderful. They don’t just connect us to the aunts, uncles and cousins we don’t see very often; they also connect us to our past, our heritage. Family reunions are a place to share family lore, shared values, and traditions. 
I am thrilled to recognize the Ste-
vens family 125th annual reunion. I hope to see the Stevens family tradi-tion continue for many, many years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:32 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 802. An act to authorize the Secretary of 
State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 336. An act to direct the Adminis-
trator of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska. 
H.R. 404. An act to authorize early repay-
ment of obligations to the Bureau of Rec-lamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska. 
H.R. 533. An act to revoke the charter of 
incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Okla-homa at the request of that tribe, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 944. An act to reauthorize the Na-
tional Estuary Program, and for other pur-poses. 
H.R. 979. An act to designate a mountain in 
the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra Na-tional Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’. 
H.R. 1168. An act to amend the Indian Child 
Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require background checks before fos-
ter care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1335. An act to amend the Magnuson- 
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1493. An act to protect and preserve 
international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, and for other pur-poses. 
The message further announced that 
the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 48. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Vietnam War. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 336. An act to direct the Adminis-
trator of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
H.R. 404. An act to authorize early repay-
ment of obligations to the Bureau of Rec-lamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
H.R. 533. An act to revoke the charter of 
incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Okla-homa at the request of that tribe, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
H.R. 944. An act to reauthorize the Na-
tional Estuary Program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
H.R. 979. An act to designate a mountain in 
the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra Na-tional Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1335. An act to amend the Magnuson- 
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
H.R. 1493. An act to protect and preserve 
international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1752. A communication from the Acting 
Director of Defense Procurement and Acqui-sition Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regu-lation Supplement: Approval Threshold for Time-and-Materials and Labor-Hour Con-tracts’’ ((RIN0750–AI56) (DFARS Case 2014– D020)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3455 June 2, 2015 
Senate on May 26, 2015; to the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
EC–1753. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Vice Admiral Nanette M. DeRenzi, United States Navy, and her ad-vancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1754. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Lieutenant General Steven A. Hummer, United States Marine Corps, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1755. A communication from the Acting 
Director of Defense Procurement and Acqui-sition Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regu-lation Supplement: Appendix F—Energy Re-ceiving Reports’’ ((RIN0750–AI46) (DFARS Case 2014–D024)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
EC–1756. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Metconazole; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9927–11) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 27, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1757. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Mesotrione; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9927–75) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 27, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1758. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, an Executive Order that termi-nates the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13617 of June 25, 2012, and re-vokes Executive Order 13617, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 27, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1759. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Home Loan Bank Community Support Program - Admin-istrative Amendments’’ (RIN2590–AA38) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 22, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1760. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to North Korea that was declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–1761. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the Western Balkans that was declared in Execu-tive Order 13219 of June 26, 2001; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–1762. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Completion of Requirement to Pro-
mulgate Standards’’ ((RIN2060–AS42) (FRL No. 9928–25–OAR)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1763. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Alaska’’ (FRL No. 9928–17– Region 10) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1764. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘State Implementation Plans: Re-sponse to Petition for Rulemaking; Restate-ment and Updated of EPA’s SSM Policy Ap-plicable to SIPs; Findings of Substantial In-adequacy; and SIP Calls to Amend Provi-sions Applying to Excess Emissions During Periods of Startup, Shutdown and Malfunc-tion’’ ((RIN2060–AR68) (FRL No. 9924–05– OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1765. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; New York; Infrastructure SIP for the 2008 Lead NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9928–39–Region 2) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1766. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Determination of Attainment of the 2008 8- Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard for the Baltimore, Maryland Mod-erate Nonattainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9928– 42–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 27, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1767. A communication from the Chair-
man, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on Abnormal Occur-rences: Fiscal Year (FY) 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1768. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Research, Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Interim Staff Guid-ance Emergency Planning Exemption Re-quests for Decommissioning Nuclear Power Plants’’ (NSIR/DPR–ISG–02) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–1769. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0051—2015–0058); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1770. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment to the International Traffic in Arms 
Regulations: Policy on Exports to the Re-public of Fiji’’ (RIN1400–AD77) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 27, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1771. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 22, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1772. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Directorate of Construction, Occupa-tional Safety and Health Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Confined Spaces in Con-struction’’ (RIN1218–AB47) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 22, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1773. A communication from the Chair 
of the Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semi-annual Report of the Inspector General and a Management Report for the period from Oc-tober 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1774. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Taking and Importing Marine Mammals; Taking Marine Mammals Incidental to U.S. Marine Corps Training Exercises at Brant Is-land Bombing Target and Piney Island Bombing Range, USMC Cherry Point Range Complex, North Carolina’’ (RIN0648–BD79) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 27, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1775. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, a report of proposed legislation entitled ‘‘Tribal Equal Access to Voting Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
EC–1776. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report on the activi-ties of the Community Relations Service for Fiscal Year 2014; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on 
Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, with-out amendment: 
S. 1484. An original bill to improve ac-
countability and transparency in the United States financial regulatory system, protect access to credit for consumers, provide sen-sible relief to financial institutions, and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
SCHATZ , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3456 June 2, 2015 
MURPHY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, and Mrs. B OXER ): 
S. 1473. A bill to authorize the appropria-
tion of funds to the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention for conducting or sup-porting research on firearms safety or gun violence prevention; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Ms. 
W
ARREN ): 
S. 1474. A bill to provide for the develop-
ment and use of technology for personalized handguns, to require that all handguns man-ufactured or sold in, or imported into, the United States incorporate such technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and 
Mrs. C
APITO ): 
S. 1475. A bill to provide for the creation of 
a safe harbor for defendants in medical mal-practice actions who demonstrate adherence to clinical practice guidelines; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself and Mr. 
B
OOKER ): 
S. 1476. A bill to require States to report to 
the Attorney General certain information re-garding shooting incidents involving law en-forcement officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ROUNDS: 
S. 1477. A bill to require a report on the fu-
ture mix of aircraft platforms for the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
By Mr. ROUNDS: 
S. 1478. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Defense to develop a comprehensive plan to support civil authorities in response to cyber attacks by foreign powers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, Mr. R OUNDS , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
CRAPO , and Mr. B OOKER ): 
S. 1479. A bill to amend the Comprehensive 
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to modify provisions re-lating to grants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. BENNET: 
S. 1480. A bill to provide limits on bun-
dling, to reform the lobbying registration process, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 1481. A bill to direct the Administrator 
of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a study on urban flooding, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
L
EAHY , and Mr. L EE): 
S. 1482. A bill to improve and reauthorize 
provisions relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER: 
S. 1483. A bill to direct the Secretary of the 
Interior to study the suitability and feasi-bility of designating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Tennessee, as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. SHELBY: 
S. 1484. An original bill to improve ac-
countability and transparency in the United States financial regulatory system, protect access to credit for consumers, provide sen-sible relief to financial institutions, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; placed 
on the calendar. 
By Ms. BALDWIN: 
S. 1485. A bill to provide for the advance-
ment of energy-water efficiency research, de-velopment, and deployment activities; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , Mr. R EED, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
SANDERS , and Ms. B ALDWIN ): 
S. 1486. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a tax credit to Patriot employers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 514 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 514, a bill to amend the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to establish the Promise Neighbor-hoods program. 
S. 689 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
689, a bill to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 746, a bill to provide for the estab-lishment of a Commission to Accel-erate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 763 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
763, a bill to amend title XII of the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize certain trauma care programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 798 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) and the Senator from Ala-
bama (Mr. S ESSIONS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 798, a bill to provide for notice to, and input by, State insur-ance commissioners when requiring an insurance company to serve as a source of financial strength or when the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Corporation places a lien against an insurance com-pany’s assets, and for other purposes. 
S. 811 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 811, a bill to amend the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to require States to develop poli-cies on positive school climates and school discipline. 
S. 843 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from Min-
nesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 843, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a period of receipt of out-
patient observation services in a hos-pital toward satisfying the 3-day inpa-tient hospital requirement for coverage of skilled nursing facility services under Medicare. 
S. 862 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
862, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to victims of dis-crimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 897 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Wash-ington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 897, a bill to support evidence-based social and emotional learning programing. 
S. 966 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 966, a bill to extend the low-in-terest refinancing provisions under the Local Development Business Loan Pro-gram of the Small Business Adminis-tration. 
S. 996 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 996, a bill to facilitate nationwide availability of volunteer income tax assistance for low-income and under-served populations, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1013 
At the request of Mr. C OCHRAN , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1013, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for cov-erage and payment for complex reha-bilitation technology items under the Medicare program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1121, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strength-en penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agriculture en-forcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1140 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Senator from 
Tennessee (Mr. A LEXANDER ), the Sen-
ator from Montana (Mr. D AINES ), the 
Senator from Indiana (Mr. C OATS ), the 
Senator from Texas (Mr. C ORNYN ) and 
the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 1140, a bill to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency to pro-pose a regulation revising the defini-tion of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, and for other purposes. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3457 June 2, 2015 
S. 1170 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from 
New York (Mr. S CHUMER ) and the Sen-
ator from Wyoming (Mr. B ARRASSO ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 1170, a bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1178 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from Georgia 
(Mr. I SAKSON ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 1178, a bill to prohibit implemen-tation of a proposed rule relating to the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Clean Water Act, or any substantially similar rule, until a Supplemental Scientific Review Panel and Ephemeral and Intermittent Streams Advisory Com-mittee produce certain reports, and for other purposes. 
S. 1182 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Wis-
consin (Mr. J OHNSON ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1182, a bill to exempt ap-plication of JSA attribution rule in case of existing agreements. 
S. 1193 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1193, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make perma-nent and expand the temporary min-imum credit rate for the low-income housing tax credit program. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1212, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Small Busi-ness Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1300 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1300, a bill to amend the sec-tion 221 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act to provide relief for adop-tive families from immigrant visa feeds in certain situations. 
S. 1375 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1375, a bill to designate as wilderness certain Federal portions of the red rock canyons of the Colorado Plateau and the Great Basin Deserts in the State of Utah for the benefit of present and future generations of people in the United States. 
S. 1382 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1382, a bill to prohibit discrimina-tion in adoption or foster care place-ments based on the sexual orientation, gender identity, or marital status of any prospective adoptive or foster par-ent, or the sexual orientation or gender identity of the child involved. 
S. 1407 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1407, a bill to promote the de-velopment of renewable energy on pub-lic land, and for other purposes. 
S. 1412 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1412, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to qual-ify homeless youth and veterans who are full-time students for purposes of the low income housing tax credit. 
S. CON. RES. 4 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Con. Res. 4, a concurrent resolution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
S. RES. 134 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 134, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the President and the Secretary of State should en-sure that the Government of Canada does not permanently store nuclear waste in the Great Lakes Basin. 
S. RES. 143 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Res. 143, a resolution sup-porting efforts to ensure that students have access to debt-free higher edu-cation. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1455 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 1455 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2048, a bill to re-form the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen reg-isters and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gath-ering for foreign intelligence, counter-terrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself and 
Mr. B OOKER ): 
S. 1476. A bill to require States to re-
port to the Attorney General certain information regarding shooting inci-dents involving law enforcement offi-cers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I am 
proud to join with Senator B
OXER to 
introduce the Police Reporting of In-formation, Data, and Evidence Act of 2015, PRIDE Act, a critical data collec-tion bill designed to advance public safety, strengthen police-community relations, and foster mutual trust and respect. I thank Senator B
OXER for her 
leadership on this issue. 
A critical issue in our Nation today 
is the issue of trust between law en-forcement and the communities they serve. Tragic events across the coun-try—in New York, Ferguson, North Charleston, Baltimore, and subsequent protests—remind us how critical trust is to the fabric of a democracy. These incidents raised the public’s awareness and sparked a national debate about how police and citizens interact and how they should interact. But the issue is not unique now. The Kerner Commis-sion’s 1968 report on urban violence de-clared that minorities believed a ‘‘dou-ble standard’’ of justice and protection existed for whites and blacks. Sadly, that distrust continues today. It is contrary to who we are and what we stand for. 
Our nation was founded on shared 
and timeless values. Liberty and jus-tice for all. Equal justice under law. The former was enshrined in our found-ing charter. The latter was written on the marble of Supreme Court. But when any American feels that they have not been treated fairly, we under-mine those values. That makes the issue of police and community rela-tions a problem for all of us—not just a specific city or a specific race. It is a problem for the Nation as a whole. We must do all we can to restore justice to our criminal justice system. That in-cludes tracking when officers use dead-ly or serious force against people in the community. 
We must ensure that police officers 
feel respected and honored. Each day, law enforcement officers put their lives on the line to keep our communities safe. They deserve our respect. They should not feel attacked or under-valued. They routinely make split-sec-ond decisions every day that do not es-calate into uses of force. As the sense-less killings of NYPD Officers Rafael Ramos and Wanjian Liu remind us, of-ficers often serve the public at consid-erable personal risk. We should provide them with the tools they need to do their jobs effectively and safely. That includes tracking the uses of force by civilians against our men and women in uniform. 
To bridge the wide trust gap between 
law enforcement and citizens, we must shine a light on the problem. The first step to solve any problem is to be hon-est about the facts. We need objective data. We need to study trends. We need to examine the evidence. That is why I am encouraged by the words of FBI Di-rector, James Comey, who said ‘‘We simply must find ways to see each other more clearly. Part of that has to involve collecting and sharing better 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3458 June 2, 2015 
information about encounters between 
police and citizens, especially violent encounters.’’ 
For too long, the way we have col-
lected information and data from States and local governments on vio-lent encounters between law enforce-ment and civilians has been incon-sistent. Under current law, demo-graphic data regarding officer-involved shootings is inconsistently reported to the FBI under the Uniform Crime Re-porting Program. According to a study by the Washington Post this month, since 2011, less than three percent of the Nation’s 18,000 State and local po-lice agencies reported fatal shootings by their officers to the FBI. That is un-acceptable. Incomplete and unreliable reporting makes it tougher to get a true scope of the problem and more dif-ficult to obtain a policy solution. 
The PRIDE Act would fix that prob-
lem and increase accountability for law enforcement by creating a com-prehensive national data collection program. It would require law enforce-ment at the State, local, and tribal lev-els to report to the Attorney General information regarding police-involved shootings and any incident in which use of force by or against a law en-forcement officer or civilian results in serious injury or death. By making the voluntary reporting of uses of force by, and against, police officers mandatory, we ensure that more accountability and transparency will exist between the police and the citizens they pro-tect. 
I have worked closely with Senator 
B
OXER on crafting this legislation, and 
appreciate my friend and colleague welcoming several recommendations to strengthen the bill, including clarifica-tions that use-of-force policies for law enforcement officers be made publicly available. I believe this change would promote transparency. It shines a spot-light on the scope of shootings and uses of force involving police and civilians, which in turn enhances public con-fidence in our justice system. 
I also appreciate that the bill in-
cludes grant funds for public awareness campaigns designed to gain informa-tion from the public on uses of force against police officers. This was a rec-ommendation drawn from being a former mayor. I have seen first-hand how helpful tip lines, hotlines, and pub-lic service announcements can be in helping law enforcement capture dan-gerous people. When someone uses vio-lence against our men and women in uniform, we must respond quickly. That means we should do all that we can to ensure that information on the suspect gets out to the public in a timely manner. That way, the offender can promptly be caught and brought to justice. 
Lastly, I recommended the bill in-
clude grant funds for use of force train-ing for law enforcement agencies and personnel, including de-escalation training. Officers deserve to receive the best and most up to date training we can offer. They must feel confident 
that they are trained to use force in a way that allows them to safely come home to their families. Equally, the public deserves to have confidence that when an officer uses force he or she does so appropriately. That means training officers to ensure that force is a last resort and officers know how to de-escalate a situation to avoid using force at all. 
Many of the bill’s provisions were 
recommendations from the President’s Task Force on 21st Century Policing. It put forth a series of recommendations aimed at rebuilding trust between the law enforcement officers and the com-munities they protect. Its rec-ommendations included use of force data collection, de-escalation training, transparency, and officer safety meas-ures. I am glad that many of the task force recommendations were included in this bill. 
It is time we address the plague of 
shootings by and against police officers in our country. We must come together to ensure that we do see each other clearly and restore public confidence in our system of justice. The first step is to shine a light on the problem and col-lect accurate data. I thank Senator B
OXER again for her leadership, and I 
urge my colleagues to support the PRIDE Act and work towards its speedy passage. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 1481. A bill to direct the Adminis-
trator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency to enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a study on urban flooding, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1481 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Urban 
Flooding Awareness Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. URBAN FLOODING DEFINED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In this Act, the term 
‘‘urban flooding’’ means the inundation of property in a built environment, particularly in more densely populated areas, caused by rain falling on increased amounts of imper-vious surface and overwhelming the capacity of drainage systems, such as storm sewers. 
(b) I
NCLUSIONS .—In this Act, the term 
‘‘urban flooding’’ includes— 
(1) situations in which stormwater enters 
buildings through windows, doors, or other openings; 
(2) water backup through sewer pipes, 
showers, toilets, sinks, and floor drains; 
(3) seepage through walls and floors; (4) the accumulation of water on property 
or public rights-of-way; and 
(5) the overflow from water bodies, such as 
rivers and lakes. (c) E
XCLUSION .—In this Act, the term 
‘‘urban flooding’’ does not include flooding in undeveloped or agricultural areas. 
SEC. 3. URBAN FLOODING STUDY. 
(a) A GREEMENT WITHNATIONAL ACADEMY OF  
SCIENCES .—The Administrator of the Federal 
Emergency Management Agency shall enter into an agreement with the National Acad-emy of Sciences under which the National Academy of Sciences will conduct a study on urban flooding in accordance with the re-quirements of this section. The primary focus of the study shall be on urban areas outside of special flood hazard areas, as de-fined by the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .— 
(1) G ENERAL REVIEW AND EVALUATION .—In 
conducting the study, the National Academy of Sciences shall review and evaluate the lat-est available research, laws, regulations, policies, best practices, procedures, and in-stitutional knowledge regarding urban flood-ing. 
(2) S
PECIFIC ISSUE AREAS .—The study shall 
include, at a minimum, an examination of the following: 
(A) The prevalence and costs associated 
with urban flooding events across the United States, with a focus on the largest metro-politan areas and any clear trends in fre-quency and severity over the past 2 decades. 
(B) The adequacy of existing federally pro-
vided flood risk information and the most cost effective methods and products to iden-tify, map, or otherwise characterize the risk of property damage from urban flooding on a property-by-property basis, whether or not a property is in or adjacent to a 1-percent (100- year) flood plain, and the potential for train-ing and certifying local experts in flood risk characterization as a service to property purchasers and owners and their commu-nities. 
(C) The causes of urban flooding and its ap-
parent increase over the past 20 years, in-cluding the impacts of— 
(i) global climate change; (ii) increasing urbanization and the associ-
ated increase in impervious surfaces; and 
(iii) undersized, deteriorating, and other-
wise ineffective stormwater infrastructure. 
(D) The most cost-effective strategies, 
practices, technologies, policies, standards, or rules used to reduce the impacts of urban flooding, with a focus on decentralized, easy- to-install, and low-cost approaches, such as nonstructural and natural infrastructure on public and private property. The examina-tion under this subparagraph shall include an assessment of opportunities for imple-menting innovative strategies and practices on government-controlled land, such as Fed-eral, State, and local roads, parking lots, alleys, sidewalks, buildings, recreational areas, and open space. 
(E) The role of the Federal Government 
and State governments, as conveners, funders, and advocates, in spurring market innovations based on public-private-non-profit partnerships. Such innovations may include smart home technologies for im-proved flood warning systems connected to high-resolution weather forecast data and Internet- and cellular-based communications systems. 
(F) The most sustainable and effective 
methods for funding flood risk and flood damage reduction at all levels of govern-ment, including— 
(i) the potential for establishing a State re-
volving fund program for flood prevention projects similar to the revolving fund pro-grams under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act and the Safe Drinking Water Act; 
(ii) stormwater fee programs using imper-
vious surface as the basis for fee rates and 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3459 June 2, 2015 
providing credits for the installation of flood 
prevention or other stormwater management features; 
(iii) grant programs; and (iv) public-private partnerships. (G) Information and education strategies 
and practices, including nontraditional ap-proaches such as the use of community col-leges and social media, for community lead-ers, government staff, and property owners on— 
(i) flood risks; (ii) flood risk reduction strategies and 
practices; and 
(iii) the availability and effectiveness of 
different types of flood insurance policies. 
(H) The relevance of the National Flood In-
surance Program and Community Rating System to urban flooding areas outside tra-ditional flood plains, and strategies for im-proving compliance, broadening coverage, and increasing participation under the pro-grams. 
(I) Strategies for protecting communities 
in the lower elevations of a watershed or drainage area from the flooding impacts of development in upstream communities, in-cluding a review of— 
(i) potential standards for watershed-wide 
flood protection planning; and 
(ii) cost-effective and equitable legal op-
tions for a downstream community when up-stream communities act in a way that in-creases flooding downstream. 
(J) Cost-effective strategies for reducing 
infiltration/inflow into combined and sepa-rate sewer systems. 
(K) Opportunities to increase coordination 
between stormwater management program-ming under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) and flood risk management and mitigation program-ming under various laws, including the Rob-ert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) and the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.). 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Emergency Management Agency shall carry out this section in consultation with the Secretary of the Army (acting through the Chief of Engineers), the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, the Director of the United States Geological Survey, the Chief of the Natural Resources Conservation Serv-ice, the Small Business Administration, State, regional, and local stormwater man-agement agencies, State insurance commis-sioners, and such other interested parties as the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency considers appropriate. 
(2) C
OOPERATION .—The head of each Fed-
eral agency referred to in paragraph (1) shall cooperate with the Administrator of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency in car-rying out this section as requested by the Administrator. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
December 31, 2016, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall submit to the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate a report containing the findings of the National Academy of Sciences based on the results of the study, including recommendations for implementa-tion of strategies, practices, and tech-nologies relating to urban flooding by Con-gress and the executive branch. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, 
Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. L EE): S. 1482. A bill to improve and reau-
thorize provisions relating to the appli-cation of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I rise 
to introduce the Need-Based Edu-cational Aid Act of 2015, a bill that ex-tends the Section 568 antitrust exemp-tion for higher education institutions. I am pleased that Senator L
EAHY and 
Senator L EEare cosponsoring this bill. 
The Section 568 exemption enables 
colleges and universities to collaborate on need-blind financial aid policies. It allows these institutions to collaborate on a common formula for calculating a family’s ability to pay for college, by permitting certain specific activities. The exemption was enacted in 1994, and since then has been reauthorized by Congress on three occasions. In addi-tion, a 2006 GAO report found that the activities permitted by Section 568 did not result in harm to competition. 
Our bill would provide a 7-year exten-
sion for this exemption, and also re-move one of the four previously per-mitted activities under the exemption that no school has ever used. By allow-ing financial aid professionals to work together in these ways, Section 568 pro-vides increased access to higher edu-cation to low-income students, while preventing needless litigation over the development of principles for deter-mining financial need. 
I am proud to introduce this impor-
tant, bipartisan bill, which will ensure these benefits remain available for stu-dents and will encourage access to higher education for years to come. 
I thank my colleagues, Senators 
L
EAHY and L EE, for their support of 
this effort. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1482 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Need-Based 
Educational Aid Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION RELATING TO THE APPLICA-
TION OF THE ANTRITRUST LAWS TO THE AWARD OF NEED-BASED EDU-CATIONAL AID. 
Section 568 of the Improving America’s 
Schools Act of 1994 (15 U.S.C. 1 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and 
inserting a period at the end; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (4); and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘2015’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2022’’. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today I 
am joining with Senators G RASSLEY  
and L EEin introducing legislation to 
extend for an additional 7 years the antitrust exemption permitting col-leges and universities to collaborate on issues of need-based financial aid. This exemption, which was first enacted by 
Congress in 1994, allows colleges and universities that admit students on a need-blind basis to collaborate on the formula used to determine how much families can pay for college. The Need- Based Educational Aid Act of 2015 is the fourth reauthorization of this ex-emption, which is set to expire this year. 
Congress must always carefully con-
sider the benefits and drawbacks of cre-ating exemptions to the antitrust laws. These laws serve as an important bul-wark to protect consumers from anti-competitive conduct. The Government Accountability Office has studied the effect of this particular exemption in the past and concluded that allowing universities to talk among themselves about financial aid policies and proce-dures has not caused any harm. 
Antitrust exemptions should not be a 
blank check, however, which is why this exemption is not permanent. Our legislation will sunset the exemption once again in 2022 and we have removed one of the permitted activities that no school has ever used. A time-limited exemption ensures that Congress will continue to conduct oversight in order to assess the impact on consumers. I have long been skeptical of permanent antitrust exemptions and the effect they have on the marketplace. For ex-ample, I have worked for years with a number of Senators from both parties to repeal the McCarran-Ferguson Act, a permanent exemption for the insur-ance industry in place since 1945. 
Allowing covered universities to 
focus their resources on ensuring the most qualified students can attend some of the best schools in the nation, regardless of family income, is a bipar-tisan and bicameral goal. I thank Con-gressmen S
MITH and J OHNSON for intro-
ducing this bill in the House and urge 
the Senate to pass this narrow legisla-tion. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. R EED, Ms. W ARREN , 
Mr. S ANDERS , and Ms. B ALD-
WIN): 
S. 1486. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a tax credit to Patriot employers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1486 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Patriot Em-
ployer Tax Credit Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PATRIOT EMPLOYER TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart D of part IV of 
subchapter A of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 45S. PATRIOT EMPLOYER TAX CREDIT. 
‘‘(a) D ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT .— 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3460 June 2, 2015 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 
38, the Patriot employer credit determined under this section with respect to any tax-payer who is a Patriot employer for any tax-able year shall be equal to 10 percent of the qualified wages paid or incurred by the Pa-triot employer. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The amount of qualified 
wages which may be taken into account under paragraph (1) with respect to any em-ployee for any taxable year shall not exceed $15,000. 
‘‘(b) P
ATRIOT EMPLOYER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of sub-
section (a), the term ‘Patriot employer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any taxpayer— 
‘‘(A) which— ‘‘(i) maintains its headquarters in the 
United States if the taxpayer (or any prede-cessor) has ever been headquartered in the United States, and 
‘‘(ii) is not (and no predecessor of which is) 
an expatriated entity (as defined in section 7874(a)(2)) for the taxable year or any pre-ceding taxable year ending after March 4, 2003, 
‘‘(B) with respect to which no assessable 
payment has been imposed under section 4980H with respect to any month occurring during the taxable year, and 
‘‘(C) in the case of— ‘‘(i) a taxpayer which employs an average 
of more than 50 employees on business days during the taxable year, which— 
‘‘(I) provides compensation for at least 90 
percent of its employees for services pro-vided by such employees during the taxable year at an hourly rate (or equivalent there-of) not less than an amount equal to 156 per-cent of the Federal poverty level for a family of three for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins divided by 2,080, 
‘‘(II) meets the retirement plan require-
ments of subsection (c) with respect to at least 90 percent of its employees providing services during the taxable year who are not highly compensated employees, and 
‘‘(III) meets the additional requirements of 
subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2), or 
‘‘(ii) any other taxpayer, which meets the 
requirements of either subclause (I) or (II) of clause (i) for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR LARGE  
EMPLOYERS .— 
‘‘(A) U NITED STATES EMPLOYMENT .—The re-
quirements of this subparagraph are met for any taxable year if— 
‘‘(i) in any case in which the taxpayer in-
creases the number of employees performing substantially all of their services for the tax-able year outside the United States, the tax-payer either— 
‘‘(I) increases the number of employees 
performing substantially all of their services inside the United States by an amount not less than the increase in such number for employees outside the United States, or 
‘‘(II) has a percentage increase in such em-
ployees inside the United States which is not less than the percentage increase in such em-ployees outside the United States, 
‘‘(ii) in any case in which the taxpayer de-
creases the number of employees performing substantially all of their services for the tax-able year inside the United States, the tax-payer either— 
‘‘(I) decreases the number of employees 
performing substantially all of their services outside the United States by an amount not less than the decrease in such number for employees inside the United States, or 
‘‘(II) has a percentage decrease in employ-
ees outside the United States which is not less than the percentage decrease in such employees inside the United States, and ‘‘(iii) there is not a decrease in the number 
of employees performing substantially all of their services for the taxable year inside the United States by reason of the taxpayer con-tracting out such services to persons who are not employees of the taxpayer. 
‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF INDIVIDUALS IN THE UNI -
FORMED SERVICES AND THE DISABLED .—The re-
quirements of this subparagraph are met for any taxable year if— 
‘‘(i) the taxpayer provides differential wage 
payments (as defined in section 3401(h)(2)) to each employee described in section 3401(h)(2)(A) for any period during the tax-able year in an amount not less than the dif-ference between the wages which would have been received from the employer during such period and the amount of pay and allowances which the employee receives for service in the uniformed services during such period, and 
‘‘(ii) the taxpayer has in place at all times 
during the taxable year a written policy for the recruitment of employees who have served in the uniformed services or who are disabled. 
‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES FOR APPLYING THE MIN -
IMUM WAGE AND RETIREMENT PLAN REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(A) M INIMUM WAGE .—In determining 
whether the minimum wage requirements of paragraph (1)(C)(i)(I) are met with respect to 90 percent of a taxpayer’s employees for any taxable year— 
‘‘(i) a taxpayer may elect to exclude from 
such determination apprentices or learners that an employer may exclude under the reg-ulations under section 14(a) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, and 
‘‘(ii) if a taxpayer meets the requirements 
of paragraph (2)(B)(i) with respect to pro-viding differential wage payments to any employee for any period (without regard to whether such requirements apply to the tax-payer), the hourly rate (or equivalent there-of) for such payments shall be determined on the basis of the wages which would have been paid by the employer during such period if the employee had not been providing service in the uniformed services. 
‘‘(B) R
ETIREMENT PLAN .—In determining 
whether the retirement plan requirements of paragraph (1)(C)(i)(II) are met with respect to 90 percent of a taxpayer’s employees for any taxable year, a taxpayer may elect to exclude from such determination— 
‘‘(i) employees not meeting the age or serv-
ice requirements under section 410(a)(1) (or such lower age or service requirements as the employer provides), and 
‘‘(ii) employees described in section 
410(b)(3). 
‘‘(c) R
ETIREMENT PLANREQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The requirements of this 
subsection are met for any taxable year with respect to an employee of the taxpayer who is not a highly compensated employee if the employee is eligible to participate in 1 or more applicable eligible retirement plans maintained by the employer for a plan year ending with or within the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT  
PLAN .—For purposes of this subsection, the 
term ‘applicable eligible retirement plan’ means an eligible retirement plan which, with respect to the plan year described in paragraph (1), is either— 
‘‘(A) a defined contribution plan which— ‘‘(i) requires the employer to make non-
elective contributions of at least 5 percent of the compensation of the employee, or 
‘‘(ii) both— ‘‘(I) includes an eligible automatic con-
tribution arrangement (as defined in section 414(w)(3)) under which the uniform percent-age described in section 414(w)(3)(B) is at least 5 percent, and ‘‘(II) requires the employer to make 
matching contributions of 100 percent of the elective deferrals (as defined in section 414(u)(2)(C)) of the employee to the extent such deferrals do not exceed the percentage specified by the plan (not less than 5 percent) of the employee’s compensation, or 
‘‘(B) a defined benefit plan— ‘‘(i) with respect to which the accrued ben-
efit of the employee derived from employer contributions, when expressed as an annual retirement benefit, is not less than the prod-uct of— 
‘‘(I) the lesser of 2 percent multiplied by 
the employee’s years of service (determined under the rules of paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) of section 411(a)) with the employer or 20 per-cent, multiplied by 
‘‘(II) the employee’s final average pay, or ‘‘(ii) which is an applicable defined benefit 
plan (as defined in section 411(a)(13)(B))— 
‘‘(I) which meets the interest credit re-
quirements of section 411(b)(5)(B)(i) with re-spect to the plan year, and 
‘‘(II) under which the employee receives a 
pay credit for the plan year which is not less than 5 percent of compensation. 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .—For 
purposes of this subsection— 
‘‘(A) E LIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLAN .—The 
term ‘eligible retirement plan’ has the mean-ing given such term by section 402(c)(8)(B), except that in the case of an account or an-nuity described in clause (i) or (ii) thereof, such term shall only include an account or annuity which is a simplified employee pen-sion (as defined in section 408(k)). 
‘‘(B) F
INAL AVERAGE PAY .—For purposes of 
paragraph (2)(B)(i)(II), final average pay shall be determined using the period of con-secutive years (not exceeding 5) during which 
the employee had the greatest compensation from the taxpayer. 
‘‘(C) A
LTERNATIVE PLAN DESIGNS .—The Sec-
retary may prescribe regulations for a tax-payer to meet the requirements of this sub-section through a combination of defined contribution plans or defined benefit plans described in paragraph (1) or through a com-bination of both such types of plans. 
‘‘(D) P
LANS MUST MEET REQUIREMENTS WITH -
OUT TAKING INTO ACCOUNT SOCIAL SECURITY  
AND SIMILAR CONTRIBUTIONS AND BENEFITS .—A 
rule similar to the rule of section 416(e) shall apply. 
‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED WAGES AND COMPENSA -
TION.—For purposes of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified 
wages’ means wages (as defined in section 51(c), determined without regard to para-graph (4) thereof) paid or incurred by the Pa-triot employer during the taxable year to employees— 
‘‘(A) who perform substantially all of their 
services for such Patriot employer inside the United States, and 
‘‘(B) with respect to whom— ‘‘(i) in the case of a Patriot employer 
which employs an average of more than 50 employees on business days during the tax-able year, the requirements of subclauses (I) and (II) of subsection (b)(1)(C)(i) are met, and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of any other Patriot em-
ployer, the requirements of either subclause (I) or (II) of subsection (b)(1)(C)(i) are met. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES FOR AGRICULTURAL  
LABOR AND RAILWAY LABOR .—Rules similar to 
the rules of section 51(h) shall apply. 
‘‘(3) C OMPENSATION .—For purposes of sub-
sections (b)(1)(C)(i)(I) and (c), the term ‘com-pensation’ has the same meaning as qualified wages, except that section 51(c)(2) shall be disregarded in determining the amount of such wages. 
‘‘(e) A
GGREGATION RULES .—For purposes of 
this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—All persons treated as a 
single employer under subsection (a) or (b) of 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3461 June 2, 2015 
section 52 shall be treated as a single tax-
payer. 
‘‘(2) S PECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN REQUIRE -
MENTS .—For purposes of applying paragraphs 
(1)(A) and (2)(A) of subsection (b)— 
‘‘(A) the determination under subsections 
(a) and (b) of section 52 for purposes of para-graph (1) shall be made without regard to section 1563(b)(2)(C) (relating to exclusion of foreign corporations), and 
‘‘(B) if any person treated as a single tax-
payer under this subsection (after applica-tion of subparagraph (A)), or any predecessor of such person, was an expatriated entity (as defined in section 7874(a)(2)) for any taxable year ending after March 4, 2003, then all per-sons treated as a single taxpayer with such person shall be treated as expatriated enti-ties. 
‘‘(f) E
LECTION TOHAVE CREDIT NOT 
APPLY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A taxpayer may elect to 
have this section not apply for any taxable year. 
‘‘(2) T
IME FOR MAKING ELECTION .—An elec-
tion under paragraph (1) for any taxable year may be made (or revoked) at any time before the expiration of the 3-year period beginning on the last date prescribed by law for filing the return for such taxable year (determined without regard to extensions). 
‘‘(3) M
ANNER OF MAKING ELECTION .—An 
election under paragraph (1) (or revocation thereof) shall be made in such manner as the Secretary may by regulations prescribe.’’. 
(b) A
LLOWANCE AS GENERAL BUSINESS CRED-
IT.—Section 38(b) of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘plus’’ at the end of paragraph (35), by striking the pe-riod at the end of paragraph (36) and insert-ing ‘‘, plus’’, and by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(37) in the case of a Patriot employer (as 
defined in section 45S(b)) for any taxable year, the Patriot employer credit deter-mined under section 45S(a).’’. 
(c) D
ENIAL OF DOUBLE BENEFIT .—Sub-
section (a) of section 280C of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘45S(a),’’ after ‘‘45P(a)’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 3. DEFER DEDUCTION OF INTEREST EX-
PENSE RELATED TO DEFERRED IN-COME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 163 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to deduc-tions for interest expense) is amended by re-designating subsection (n) as subsection (o) and by inserting after subsection (m) the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(n) D
EFERRAL OF DEDUCTION FOR INTEREST  
EXPENSE RELATED TO DEFERRED INCOME .— 
‘‘(1) G ENERAL RULE .—The amount of for-
eign-related interest expense of any taxpayer allowed as a deduction under this chapter for any taxable year shall not exceed an amount equal to the applicable percentage of the sum of— 
‘‘(A) the taxpayer’s foreign-related interest 
expense for the taxable year, plus 
‘‘(B) the taxpayer’s deferred foreign-re-
lated interest expense. 
For purposes of the paragraph, the applicable 
percentage is the percentage equal to the current inclusion ratio. 
‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF DEFERRED DEDUC -
TIONS .—If, for any taxable year, the amount 
of the limitation determined under para-graph (1) exceeds the taxpayer’s foreign-re-lated interest expense for the taxable year, there shall be allowed as a deduction for the taxable year an amount equal to the lesser of— 
‘‘(A) such excess, or ‘‘(B) the taxpayer’s deferred foreign-re-
lated interest expense. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULE .—For 
purposes of this subsection— 
‘‘(A) F OREIGN -RELATED INTEREST EX -
PENSE .—The term ‘foreign-related interest 
expense’ means, with respect to any tax-payer for any taxable year, the amount which bears the same ratio to the amount of interest expense for such taxable year allo-cated and apportioned under sections 861, 864(e), and 864(f) to income from sources out-side the United States as— 
‘‘(i) the value of all stock held by the tax-
payer in all section 902 corporations with re-spect to which the taxpayer meets the own-ership requirements of subsection (a) or (b) of section 902, bears to 
‘‘(ii) the value of all assets of the taxpayer 
which generate gross income from sources outside the United States. 
‘‘(B) D
EFERRED FOREIGN -RELATED INTEREST  
EXPENSE .—The term ‘deferred foreign-related 
interest expense’ means the excess, if any, of the aggregate foreign-related interest ex-pense for all prior taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015, over the aggregate amount allowed as a deduction under para-graphs (1) and (2) for all such prior taxable years. 
‘‘(C) V
ALUE OF ASSETS .—Except as other-
wise provided by the Secretary, for purposes of subparagraph (A)(ii), the value of any asset shall be the amount with respect to such asset determined for purposes of allo-cating and apportioning interest expense under sections 861, 864(e), and 864(f). 
‘‘(D) C
URRENT INCLUSION RATIO .—The term 
‘current inclusion ratio’ means, with respect to any domestic corporation which meets the ownership requirements of subsection (a) or (b) of section 902 with respect to one or more section 902 corporations for any taxable year, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of— 
‘‘(i) the sum of all dividends received by 
the domestic corporation from all such sec-tion 902 corporations during the taxable year plus amounts includible in gross income under section 951(a) from all such section 902 corporations, in each case computed without regard to section 78, divided by 
‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount of post-1986 un-
distributed earnings. 
‘‘(E) A
GGREGATE AMOUNT OF POST -1986 UN -
DISTRIBUTED EARNINGS .—The term ‘aggregate 
amount of post-1986 undistributed earnings’ means, with respect to any domestic cor-poration which meets the ownership require-ments of subsection (a) or (b) of section 902 with respect to one or more section 902 cor-porations, the domestic corporation’s pro rata share of the post-1986 undistributed 
earnings (as defined in section 902(c)(1)) of all such section 902 corporations. 
‘‘(F) F
OREIGN CURRENCY CONVERSION .—For 
purposes of determining the current inclu-sion ratio, and except as otherwise provided by the Secretary, the aggregate amount of post-1986 undistributed earnings for the tax-able year shall be determined by translating each section 902 corporation’s post-1986 un-distributed earnings into dollars using the average exchange rate for such year. 
‘‘(G) S
ECTION 902 CORPORATION .—The term 
‘section 902 corporation’ has the meaning given to such term by section 909(d)(5). 
‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF AFFILIATED GROUPS .— 
The current inclusion ratio of each member of an affiliated group (as defined in section 864(e)(5)(A)) shall be determined as if all members of such group were a single cor-poration. 
‘‘(5) A
PPLICATION TO SEPARATE CATEGORIES  
OF INCOME .—This subsection shall be applied 
separately with respect to the categories of income specified in section 904(d)(1). 
‘‘(6) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may 
prescribe such regulations or other guidance as is necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this subsection, including 
regulations or other guidance providing— 
‘‘(A) for the proper application of this sub-
section with respect to changes in ownership of a section 902 corporation, 
‘‘(B) that certain corporations that other-
wise would not be members of the affiliated group will be treated as members of the af-filiated group for purposes of this subsection, 
‘‘(C) for the proper application of this sub-
section with respect to the taxpayer’s share of a deficit in earnings and profits of a sec-tion 902 corporation, 
‘‘(D) for appropriate adjustments to the de-
termination of the value of stock in any sec-tion 902 corporation for purposes of this sub-section or to the foreign-related interest ex-pense to account for income that is subject to tax under section 882(a)(1), and 
‘‘(E) for the proper application of this sub-
section with respect to interest expense that is directly allocable to income with respect to certain assets.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1463. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1464. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAIN and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1465. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAIN and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1466. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAIN and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1467. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1468. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAIN and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1469. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAIN and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1470. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAIN and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1471. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 286, to amend the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act to provide further self-governance by Indian tribes, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1472. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAIN and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3462 June 2, 2015 
Defense and for military construction, to 
prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1473. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAIN and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1474. Mr. COONS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAIN and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1475. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself, Mr. 
C
RUZ, Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. L EAHY ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAIN and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 1735, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1463. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANIZATION OF ACT INTO DIVISIONS; 
TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) D IVISIONS .—This Act is organized into 
four divisions as follows: 
(1) Division A—Department of Defense Au-
thorizations. 
(2) Division B—Military Construction Au-
thorizations. 
(3) Division C—Department of Energy Na-
tional Security Authorizations. 
(4) Division D—Funding tables. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Organization of Act into divisions; 
table of contents. 
Sec. 3. Congressional defense committees. Sec. 4. Budgetary effects of this Act. 
DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE I—PROCUREMENT 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Navy Programs 
Sec. 111. Amendment to cost limitation 
baseline for CVN–78 class air-craft carrier program. 
Sec. 112. Limitation on availability of funds 
for USS JOHN F. KENNEDY (CVN–79). 
Sec. 113. Limitation on availability of funds 
for USS ENTERPRISE (CVN– 80). 
Sec. 114. Modification of CVN–78 class air-
craft carrier program. 
Sec. 115. Limitation on availability of funds 
for Littoral Combat Ship. 
Sec. 116. Extension and modification of limi-
tation on availability of funds for Littoral Combat Ship. 
Sec. 117. Construction of additional Arleigh 
Burke destroyer. 
Sec. 118. Fleet Replenishment Oiler Pro-
gram. Sec. 119. Reporting requirement for Ohio- 
class replacement submarine program. 
Subtitle C—Air Force Programs 
Sec. 131. Limitations on retirement of B–1, 
B–2, and B–52 bomber aircraft. 
Sec. 132. Limitation on retirement of Air 
Force fighter aircraft. 
Sec. 133. Limitation on availability of funds 
for F–35A aircraft procurement. 
Sec. 134. Prohibition on retirement of A–10 
aircraft. 
Sec. 135. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for retirement of EC–130H Com-pass Call aircraft. 
Sec. 136. Limitation on transfer of C–130 air-
craft. 
Sec. 137. Limitation on use of funds for T–1A 
Jayhawk aircraft. 
Sec. 138. Restriction on retirement of the 
Joint Surveillance Target At-tack Radar System (JSTARS), EC-130H Compass Call, and Air-borne Early Warning and Con-trol (AWACS) Aircraft. 
Sec. 139. Sense of Congress regarding the 
OCONUS basing of the F–35A aircraft. 
Sec. 140. Sense of Congress on F–16 Active 
Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) radar upgrade. 
Subtitle D—Defense-wide, Joint, and 
Multiservice Matters 
Sec. 151. Report on Army and Marine Corps 
modernization plan for small arms. 
TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Program Requirements, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
Sec. 211. Centers for Science, Technology, 
and Engineering Partnership. 
Sec. 212. Department of Defense technology 
offset program to build and maintain the military techno-logical superiority of the United States. 
Sec. 213. Reauthorization of defense research 
and development rapid innova-tion program. 
Sec. 214. Reauthorization of Global Research 
Watch program. 
Sec. 215. Science and technology activities 
to support business systems in-formation technology acquisi-tion programs. 
Sec. 216. Expansion of eligibility for finan-
cial assistance under Depart-ment of Defense Science, Math-ematics, and Research for Transformation program to in-clude citizens of countries par-ticipating in The Technical Co-operation Program. 
Sec. 217. Streamlining the Joint Federated 
Assurance Center. 
Sec. 218. Limitation on availability of funds 
for development of the Shallow Water Combat Submersible. 
Sec. 219. Limitation on availability of funds 
for distributed common ground system of the Army. 
Sec. 220. Limitation on availability of funds 
for distributed common ground system of the United States Special Operations Command. 
Subtitle C—Other Matters 
Sec. 231. Assessment of air-land mobile tac-
tical communications and data network requirements and ca-pabilities. 
Sec. 232. Study of field failures involving 
counterfeit electronic parts. Sec. 233. Demonstration of Persistent Close 
Air Support capabilities. 
Sec. 234. Airborne data link plan. Sec. 235. Report on Technology Readiness 
Levels of the technologies and capabilities critical to the Long Range Strike Bomber aircraft. 
TITLE III—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
Sec. 311. Modification of energy manage-
ment reporting requirements. 
Sec. 312. Report on efforts to reduce high en-
ergy costs at military installa-tions. 
Sec. 313. Southern Sea Otter Military Readi-
ness Areas. 
Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment 
Sec. 321. Repeal of limitation on authority 
to enter into a contract for the sustainment, maintenance, re-pair, or overhaul of the F117 en-gine. 
Subtitle D—Reports 
Sec. 331. Modification of annual report on 
prepositioned materiel and equipment. 
Subtitle E—Limitations and Extensions of 
Authority 
Sec. 341. Modification of requirements for 
transferring aircraft within the Air Force inventory. 
Sec. 342. Limitation on use of funds for De-
partment of Defense sponsor-ships, advertising, or mar-keting associated with sports- related organizations or sport-ing events. 
Sec. 343. Temporary authority to extend 
contracts and leases under ARMS initiative. 
Subtitle F—Other Matters 
Sec. 351. Streamlining of Department of De-
fense management and oper-ational headquarters. 
Sec. 352. Adoption of retired military work-
ing dogs. 
Sec. 353. Modification of required review of 
projects relating to potential obstructions to aviation. 
Sec. 354. Pilot program on intensive instruc-
tion in certain Asian languages. 
TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Active Forces 
Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces. 
Sec. 402. Enhancement of authority for man-
agement of end strengths for military personnel. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
Sec. 411. End strengths for Selected Reserve. 
Sec. 412. End strengths for Reserves on ac-
tive duty in support of the re-serves. 
Sec. 413. End strengths for military techni-
cians (dual status). 
Sec. 414. Fiscal year 2016 limitation on num-
ber of non-dual status techni-cians. 
Sec. 415. Maximum number of reserve per-
sonnel authorized to be on ac-tive duty for operational sup-port. 
Sec. 416. Chief of the National Guard Bureau 
authority to increase certain end strengths applicable to the Army National Guard. 
Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 421. Military personnel. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3463 June 2, 2015 
TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY 
Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy 
Sec. 501. Authority of promotion boards to 
recommend officers of par-ticular merit be placed at the top of the promotion list. 
Sec. 502. Minimum grades for certain corps 
and related positions in the Army, Navy, and Air Force. 
Sec. 503. Enhancement of military personnel 
authorities in connection with the defense acquisition work-force. 
Sec. 504. Enhanced flexibility for determina-
tion of officers to continue on active duty and for selective early retirement and early dis-charge. 
Sec. 505. Authority to defer until age 68 
mandatory retirement for age of a general or flag officer serv-ing as Chief or Deputy Chief of Chaplains of the Army, Navy, or Air Force. 
Sec. 506. Reinstatement of enhanced author-
ity for selective early discharge of warrant officers. 
Sec. 507. Authority to conduct warrant offi-
cer retired grade determina-tions. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Component 
Management 
Sec. 511. Authority to designate certain re-
serve officers as not to be con-sidered for selection for pro-motion. 
Sec. 512. Clarification of purpose of reserve 
component special selection boards as limited to correction of error at a mandatory pro-motion board. 
Sec. 513. Reconciliation of contradictory 
provisions relating to citizen-ship qualifications for enlist-ment in the reserve components of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 514. Authority for certain Air Force re-
serve component personnel to provide training and instruc-tion regarding pilot instructor training. 
Subtitle C—General Service Authorities 
Sec. 521. Duty required for eligibility for 
preseparation counseling for members being discharged or released from active duty. 
Sec. 522. Expansion of pilot programs on ca-
reer flexibility to enhance re-tention of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 523. Sense of Senate on development of 
gender-neutral occupational standards for occupational as-signments in the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle D—Member Education and Training 
PART I—E
DUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE REFORM  
Sec. 531. Limitation on tuition assistance 
for off-duty training or edu-cation. 
Sec. 532. Termination of program of edu-
cational assistance for reserve component members supporting contingency operations and other operations. 
Sec. 533. Reports on educational levels at-
tained by certain members of the Armed Forces at time of separation from the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 534. Sense of Congress on transfer-
ability of unused education benefits to family members. 
Sec. 535. No entitlement to unemployment 
insurance while receiving Post- 9/11 Education Assistance. PART II—O
THER MATTERS  
Sec. 536. Repeal of statutory specification of 
minimum duration of in-resi-dent instruction for courses of instruction offered as part of Phase II joint professional mili-tary education. 
Sec. 537. Quality assurance of certification 
programs and standards for pro-fessional credentials obtained by members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 538. Support for athletic programs of 
the United States Military Academy. 
Sec. 539. Online access to the higher edu-
cation component of the Tran-sition Assistance Program. 
Subtitle E—Military Justice 
Sec. 546. Modification of Rule 304 of the 
Military Rules of Evidence re-lating to the corroboration of a confession or admission. 
Sec. 547. Modification of Rule 104 of the 
Rules for Courts-Martial to es-tablish certain prohibitions concerning evaluations of Spe-cial Victims’ Counsel. 
Sec. 548. Right of victims of offenses under 
the Uniform Code of Military Justice to timely disclosure of certain materials and informa-tion in connection with pros-ecution of offenses. 
Sec. 549. Enforcement of certain crime vic-
tims’ rights by the Court of Criminal Appeals. 
Sec. 550. Release to victims upon request of 
complete record of proceedings and testimony of courts-mar-tial in cases in which sentences adjudged could include punitive discharge. 
Sec. 551. Representation and assistance of 
victims by Special Victims’ Counsel in questioning by mili-tary criminal investigators. 
Sec. 552. Authority of Special Victims’ 
Counsel to provide legal con-sultation and assistance in con-nection with various Govern-ment proceedings. 
Sec. 553. Enhancement of confidentiality of 
restricted reporting of sexual assault in the military. 
Sec. 554. Establishment of Office of Complex 
Investigations within the Na-tional Guard Bureau. 
Sec. 555. Modification of deadline for estab-
lishment of Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 556. Comptroller General of the United 
States reports on prevention and response to sexual assault by the Army National Guard and the Army Reserve. 
Sec. 557. Sense of Congress on the service of 
military families and on sen-tencing retirement-eligible members of the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle F—Defense Dependents Education 
and Military Family Readiness 
Sec. 561. Continuation of authority to assist 
local educational agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and De-partment of Defense civilian employees. 
Sec. 562. Impact aid for children with severe 
disabilities. Sec. 563. Authority to use appropriated 
funds to support Department of Defense student meal programs in domestic dependent elemen-tary and secondary schools lo-cated outside the United States. 
Sec. 564. Biennial surveys of military de-
pendents on military family readiness matters. 
Subtitle G—Miscellaneous Reporting 
Requirements 
Sec. 571. Extension of semiannual reports on 
the involuntary separation of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 572. Remotely piloted aircraft career 
field manning shortfalls. 
Subtitle H—Other Matters 
PART I—F
INANCIAL LITERACY AND PRE-
PAREDNESS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED  
FORCES  
Sec. 581. Improvement of financial literacy 
and preparedness of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 582. Financial literacy training with re-
spect to certain financial serv-ices for members of the uni-formed services. 
Sec. 583. Sense of Congress on financial lit-
eracy and preparedness of mem-bers of the Armed Forces. 
PART II—O
THER MATTERS  
Sec. 586. Authority for applications for cor-
rection of military records to be initiated by the Secretary concerned. 
Sec. 587. Recordation of obligations for in-
stallment payments of incen-tive pays, allowances, and simi-lar benefits when payment is due. 
Sec. 588. Enhancements to Yellow Ribbon 
Reintegration Program. 
Sec. 589. Priority processing of applications 
for Transportation Worker Identification Credentials for members undergoing discharge or release from the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 590. Issuance of Recognition of Service 
ID Cards to certain members separating from the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 591. Revised policy on network services 
for military services. 
Sec. 592. Increase in number of days of ac-
tive duty required to be per-formed by reserve component members for duty to be consid-ered Federal service for pur-poses of unemployment com-pensation for ex- servicemembers. 
TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER 
PERSONNEL BENEFITS 
Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances 
Sec. 601. Fiscal year 2016 increase in mili-
tary basic pay. 
Sec. 602. Modification of percentage of na-
tional average monthly cost of housing usable in computation of basic allowance for housing inside the United States. 
Sec. 603. Extension of authority to provide 
temporary increase in rates of basic allowance for housing. 
Sec. 604. Basic allowance for housing for 
married members of the uni-formed services assigned for duty within normal commuting distance and for other members living together. 
Sec. 605. Repeal of inapplicability of modi-
fication of basic allowance for housing to benefits under the laws administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3464 June 2, 2015 
Sec. 606. Limitation on eligibility for sup-
plemental subsistence allow-ances to members serving out-side the United States and asso-ciated territory. 
Sec. 607. Availability of information. 
Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and 
Incentive Pays 
Sec. 611. One-year extension of certain 
bonus and special pay authori-ties for reserve forces. 
Sec. 612. One-year extension of certain 
bonus and special pay authori-ties for health care profes-sionals. 
Sec. 613. One-year extension of special pay 
and bonus authorities for nu-clear officers. 
Sec. 614. One-year extension of authorities 
relating to title 37 consolidated special pay, incentive pay, and bonus authorities. 
Sec. 615. One-year extension of authorities 
relating to payment of other title 37 bonuses and special pays. 
Sec. 616. Increase in maximum annual 
amount of nuclear officer bonus pay. 
Sec. 617. Repeal of obsolete authority to pay 
bonus to encourage Army per-sonnel to refer persons for en-listment in the Army. 
Subtitle C—Travel and Transportation 
Allowances 
Sec. 621. Repeal of obsolete special travel 
and transportation allowance for survivors of deceased mem-bers from the Vietnam conflict. 
Subtitle D—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and 
Survivor Benefits 
PART I—R
ETIRED PAYREFORM  
Sec. 631. Thrift Savings Plan participation 
for members of the uniformed services. 
Sec. 632. Modernized retirement system for 
members of the uniformed serv-ices. 
Sec. 633. Lump sum payments of certain re-
tired pay. 
Sec. 634. Continuation pay after 12 years of 
service for members of the uni-formed services participating in the modernized retirement sys-tems. 
Sec. 635. Authority for retirement flexibility 
for members of the uniformed services. 
Sec. 636. Treatment of Department of De-
fense Military Retirement Fund as a qualified trust. 
PART II—O
THER MATTERS  
Sec. 641. Death of former spouse bene-
ficiaries and subsequent remar-riages under Survivor Benefit Plan. 
Sec. 642. Transitional compensation and 
other benefits for dependents of members of the Armed Forces ineligible to receive retired pay as a result of court-martial sen-tence. 
Subtitle E—Commissary and Non-Appro-
priated Fund Instrumentality Benefits and Operations 
Sec. 651. Commissary system matters. 
Sec. 652. Plan on privatization of the defense 
commissary system. 
Sec. 653. Comptroller General of the United 
States report on the Com-missary Surcharge, Non-appro-priated Fund, and Privately-Fi-nanced Major Construction Program. TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care 
Benefits 
Sec. 701. Urgent care authorization under 
the TRICARE program. 
Sec. 702. Modifications of cost-sharing re-
quirements for the TRICARE Pharmacy Benefits Program. 
Sec. 703. Expansion of continued health ben-
efits coverage to include dis-charged and released members of the Selected Reserve. 
Sec. 704. Expansion of reimbursement for 
smoking cessation services for certain TRICARE beneficiaries. 
Sec. 705. Pilot program on treatment of 
members of the Armed Forces for post-traumatic stress dis-order related to military sexual trauma. 
Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
Sec. 711. Access to health care under the 
TRICARE program. 
Sec. 712. Portability of health plans under 
the TRICARE program. 
Sec. 713. Improvement of mental health care 
provided by health care pro-viders of the Department of De-fense. 
Sec. 714. Comprehensive standards and ac-
cess to contraception coun-seling for members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 715. Waiver of recoupment of erroneous 
payments due to administrative error under the TRICARE pro-gram. 
Sec. 716. Designation of certain non-Depart-
ment mental health care pro-viders with knowledge relating to treatment of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 717. Limitation on conversion of mili-
tary medical and dental posi-tions to civilian medical and dental positions. 
Sec. 718. Extension of authority for joint De-
partment of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Med-ical Facility Demonstration Fund. 
Sec. 719. Extension of authority for DOD-VA 
Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund. 
Sec. 720. Pilot program on incentive pro-
grams to improve health care provided under the TRICARE program. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
Sec. 731. Publication of certain information 
on health care provided by the Department of Defense through the Hospital compare website of the Department of Health and Human Services. 
Sec. 732. Publication of data on patient safe-
ty, quality of care, satisfaction, and health outcome measures under the TRICARE program. 
Sec. 733. Annual report on patient safety, 
quality of care, and access to care at military medical treat-ment facilities. 
Sec. 734. Report on plans to improve experi-
ence with and eliminate per-formance variability of health care provided by the Depart-ment of Defense. 
Sec. 735. Report on plan to improve pedi-
atric care and related services for children of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 736. Report on preliminary mental 
health screenings for individ-uals becoming members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 737. Comptroller General report on use 
of quality of care metrics at military treatment facilities. 
TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, AC-
QUISITION MANAGEMENT, AND RE-LATED MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and 
Management 
Sec. 801. Role of service chiefs in the acqui-
sition process. 
Sec. 802. Expansion of rapid acquisition au-
thority. 
Sec. 803. Middle tier of acquisition for rapid 
prototyping and rapid fielding. 
Sec. 804. Amendments to other transaction 
authority. 
Sec. 805. Use of alternative acquisition paths 
to acquire critical national se-curity capabilities. 
Sec. 806. Secretary of Defense waiver of ac-
quisition laws to acquire vital national security capabilities. 
Sec. 807. Acquisition authority of the Com-
mander of United States Cyber Command. 
Sec. 808. Advisory panel on streamlining and 
codifying acquisition regula-tions. 
Sec. 809. Review of time-based requirements 
process and budgeting and ac-quisition systems. 
Sec. 810. Improvement of program and 
project management by the De-partment of Defense. 
Subtitle B—Amendments to General Con-
tracting Authorities, Procedures, and Lim-itations 
Sec. 821. Preference for fixed-price contracts 
in determining contract type for development programs. 
Sec. 822. Applicability of cost and pricing 
data and certification require-ments. 
Sec. 823. Risk-based contracting for smaller 
contract actions under the Truth in Negotiations Act. 
Sec. 824. Limitation on use of reverse auc-
tion and lowest price tech-nically acceptable contracting methods. 
Sec. 825. Rights in technical data. Sec. 826. Procurement of supplies for experi-
mental purposes. 
Sec. 827. Extension of authority to acquire 
products and services produced in countries along a major route of supply to Afghanistan. 
Sec. 828. Reporting related to failure of con-
tractors to meet goals under 
negotiated comprehensive small business subcontracting plans. 
Sec. 829. Competition for religious services 
contracts. 
Sec. 830. Treatment of interagency and 
State and local purchases when the Department of Defense acts as contract intermediary for the General Services Adminis-tration. 
Sec. 831. Pilot program for streamlining 
awards for innovative tech-nology projects. 
Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Major 
Defense Acquisition Programs 
Sec. 841. Acquisition strategy required for 
each major defense acquisition program. 
Sec. 842. Risk reduction in major defense ac-
quisition programs. 
Sec. 843. Designation of milestone decision 
authority. 
Sec. 844. Revision of Milestone A decision 
authority responsibilities for major defense acquisition pro-grams. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3465 June 2, 2015 
Sec. 845. Revision of Milestone B decision 
authority responsibilities for major defense acquisition pro-grams. 
Sec. 846. Tenure and accountability of pro-
gram managers for program de-velopment periods. 
Sec. 847. Tenure and accountability of pro-
gram managers for program execution periods. 
Sec. 848. Repeal of requirement for stand- 
alone manpower estimates for major defense acquisition pro-grams. 
Sec. 849. Penalty for cost overruns. Sec. 850. Streamlining of reporting require-
ments applicable to Assistant Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering regard-ing major defense acquisition programs. 
Sec. 851. Configuration Steering Boards for 
cost control under major de-fense acquisition programs. 
Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to 
Commercial Items 
Sec. 861. Inapplicability of certain laws and 
regulations to the acquisition of commercial items and com-mercially available off-the- shelf items. 
Sec. 862. Market research and preference for 
commercial items. 
Sec. 863. Continuing validity of commercial 
item determinations. 
Sec. 864. Treatment of commercial items 
purchased as major weapon sys-tems. 
Sec. 865. Limitation on conversion of pro-
curements from commercial ac-quisition procedures. 
Sec. 866. Treatment of goods and services 
provided by nontraditional con-tractors as commercial items. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
Sec. 871. Streamlining of requirements re-
lating to defense business sys-tems. 
Sec. 872. Acquisition workforce. Sec. 873. Unified information technology 
services. 
Sec. 874. Cloud strategy for Department of 
Defense. 
Sec. 875. Development period for Depart-
ment of Defense information technology systems. 
Sec. 876. Revisions to pilot program on ac-
quisition of military purpose non-developmental items. 
Sec. 877. Extension of the Department of De-
fense Mentor-Prote ´ge´pilot pro-
gram. 
Sec. 878. Improved auditing of contracts. Sec. 879. Survey on the costs of regulatory 
compliance. 
Sec. 880. Government Accountability Office 
report on bid protests. 
Sec. 881. Steps to identify and address po-
tential unfair competitive ad-vantage of technical advisors to acquisition officials. 
Sec. 882. HUBZone qualified disaster areas. Sec. 883. Base closure HUBZones. 
TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 
Sec. 901. Update of statutory specification of 
functions of Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff relating to advice on requirements, pro-grams, and budget. 
Sec. 902. Reorganization and redesignation 
of Office of Family Policy and Office of Community Support for Military Families with Spe-cial Needs. Sec. 903. Repeal of requirement for annual 
Department of Defense funding for Ocean Research Advisory Panel. 
TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
Sec. 1001. General transfer authority. 
Sec. 1002. Annual audit of financial state-
ments of Department of De-fense components by inde-pendent external auditors. 
Sec. 1003. Treatment as part of the base 
budget of certain amounts au-thorized for overseas contin-gency operations upon enact-ment of an Act revising the Budget Control Act discre-tionary spending limits for fis-cal year 2016. 
Sec. 1004. Sense of Senate on sequestration. 
Subtitle B—Counter-Drug Activities 
Sec. 1011. Extension of authority to support 
unified counterdrug and counterterrorism campaign in Colombia. 
Sec. 1012. Extension and expansion of au-
thority to provide additional support for counter-drug activi-ties of certain foreign govern-ments. 
Subtitle C—Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
Sec. 1021. Studies of fleet platform architec-
tures for the Navy. 
Sec. 1022. Amendment to National Sea- 
Based Deterrence Fund. 
Sec. 1023. Extension of authority for reim-
bursement of expenses for cer-tain Navy mess operations afloat. 
Subtitle D—Counterterrorism 
Sec. 1031. Prohibition on use of funds to con-
struct or modify facilities in the United States to house de-tainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1032. Limitation on the transfer or re-
lease of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1033. Reenactment and modification of 
certain prior requirements for certifications relating to trans-fer of detainees at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, to foreign countries and other foreign en-tities. 
Sec. 1034. Authority to temporarily transfer 
individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, to the United States for emergency or critical medical treatment. 
Sec. 1035. Prohibition on use of funds for 
transfer or release to Yemen of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1036. Report on current detainees at 
United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, deter-mined or assessed to be high risk or medium risk. 
Sec. 1037. Report to Congress on memoranda 
of understanding with foreign countries regarding transfer of detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1038. Semiannual reports on use of 
United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and any other Department of De-fense or Bureau of Prisons pris-on or other detention or dis-ciplinary facility in recruit-ment and other propaganda of terrorist organizations. 
Sec. 1039. Extension and modification of au-
thority to make rewards for combating terrorism. 
Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and 
Limitations 
Sec. 1041. Assistance to secure the southern 
land border of the United 
States. 
Sec. 1042. Protection of Department of De-
fense installations. 
Sec. 1043. Strategy to protect United States 
national security interests in the Arctic region. 
Sec. 1044. Extension of limitations on the 
transfer to the regular Army of AH–64 Apache helicopters as-signed to the Army National Guard. 
Sec. 1045. Treatment of certain previously 
transferred Army National Guard helicopters as counting against number transferrable under exception to limitation on transfer of Army National Guard helicopters. 
Sec. 1046. Management of military techni-
cians. 
Sec. 1047. Sense of Congress on consider-
ation of the full range of De-partment of Defense manpower worldwide in decisions on the proper mix of military, civilian, and contractor personnel to ac-complish the National Defense Strategy. 
Sec. 1048. Sense of Senate on the United 
States Marine Corps. 
Subtitle F—Studies and Reports 
Sec. 1061. Repeal of reporting requirements. 
Sec. 1062. Termination of requirement for 
submittal to Congress of re-ports required of the Depart-ment of Defense by statute. 
Sec. 1063. Annual submittal to Congress of 
munitions assessments. 
Sec. 1064. Potential role for United States 
ground forces in the Pacific theater. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
Sec. 1081. Technical and clerical amend-
ments. 
Sec. 1082. Authority to provide training and 
support to personnel of foreign ministries of defense. 
Sec. 1083. Expansion of outreach for vet-
erans transitioning from serv-ing on active duty. 
Sec. 1084. Modification of certain require-
ments applicable to major med-ical facility lease for a Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs out-patient clinic in Tulsa, Okla-homa. 
TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL 
MATTERS 
Sec. 1101. Required probationary period for 
new employees of the Depart-ment of Defense. 
Sec. 1102. Delay of periodic step increase for 
civilian employees of the De-partment of Defense based upon unacceptable performance. 
Sec. 1103. Procedures for reduction in force 
of Department of Defense civil-ian personnel. 
Sec. 1104. United States Cyber Command 
workforce. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3466 June 2, 2015 
Sec. 1105. One-year extension of authority to 
waive annual limitation on pre-mium pay and aggregate limi-tation on pay for Federal civil-ian employees working over-seas. 
Sec. 1106. Five-year extension of expedited 
hiring authority for designated defense acquisition workforce positions. 
Sec. 1107. One-year extension of discre-
tionary authority to grant al-lowances, benefits, and gratu-ities to civilian personnel on of-ficial duty in a combat zone. 
Sec. 1108. Extension of rate of overtime pay 
for Department of the Navy em-ployees performing work aboard or dockside in support of the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier forward deployed in Japan. 
Sec. 1109. Expansion of temporary authority 
to make direct appointments of candidates possessing bach-elor’s degrees to scientific and engineering positions at science and technology reinvention lab-oratories. 
Sec. 1110. Extension of authority for the ci-
vilian acquisition workforce personnel demonstration project. 
Sec. 1111. Pilot program on dynamic shaping 
of the workforce to improve the technical skills and expertise at certain Department of Defense laboratories. 
Sec. 1112. Pilot program on temporary ex-
change of financial manage-ment and acquisition personnel. 
Sec. 1113. Pilot program on enhanced pay 
authority for certain acquisi-tion and technology positions in the Department of Defense. 
Sec. 1114. Pilot program on direct hire au-
thority for veteran technical experts into the defense acqui-sition workforce. 
Sec. 1115. Direct hire authority for technical 
experts into the defense acqui-sition workforce. 
TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO 
FOREIGN NATIONS 
Subtitle A—Training and Assistance 
Sec. 1201. One-year extension of funding lim-
itations for authority to build the capacity of foreign security forces. 
Sec. 1202. Extension and expansion of au-
thority for reimbursement to the Government of Jordan for border security operations. 
Sec. 1203. Extension of authority to conduct 
activities to enhance the capa-bility of foreign countries to re-spond to incidents involving weapons of mass destruction. 
Sec. 1204. Redesignation, modification, and 
extension of National Guard State Partnership Program. 
Sec. 1205. Authority to provide support to 
national military forces of al-lied countries for counterter-rorism operations in Africa. 
Sec. 1206. Authority to build the capacity of 
foreign military intelligence forces. 
Sec. 1207. Prohibition on assistance to enti-
ties in Yemen controlled by the Houthi movement. 
Sec. 1208. Report on potential support for 
the vetted Syrian opposition. 
Subtitle B—Matters Relating to 
Afghanistan, Pakistan, and Iraq 
Sec. 1221. Drawdown of United States forces 
in Afghanistan. Sec. 1222. Extension and modification of 
Commanders’ Emergency Re-sponse Program. 
Sec. 1223. Extension of authority to transfer 
defense articles and provide de-fense services to the military and security forces of Afghani-stan. 
Sec. 1224. Extension and modification of au-
thority for reimbursement of certain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations. 
Sec. 1225. Prohibition on transfer to violent 
extremist organizations of equipment or supplies provided by the United States to the Government of Iraq. 
Sec. 1226. Report on lines of communication 
of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and other foreign ter-rorist organizations. 
Sec. 1227. Modification of protection for Af-
ghan allies. 
Sec. 1228. Extension of authority to support 
operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. 
Sec. 1229. Sense of Senate on support for the 
Kurdistan Regional Govern-ment. 
Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Iran 
Sec. 1241. Modification and extension of an-
nual report on the military power of Iran. 
Subtitle D—Matters Relating to the Russian 
Federation 
Sec. 1251. Ukraine Security Assistance Ini-
tiative. 
Sec. 1252. Eastern European Training Initia-
tive. 
Sec. 1253. Increased presence of United 
States ground forces in Eastern Europe to deter aggression on the border of the North Atlan-tic Treaty Organization. 
Sec. 1254. Sense of Congress on European de-
fense and North Atlantic Trea-ty Organization spending. 
Sec. 1255. Additional matters in annual re-
port on military and security developments involving the Russian Federation. 
Sec. 1256. Report on alternative capabilities 
to procure and sustain non-standard rotary wing aircraft historically procured through Rosoboronexport. 
Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Asia- 
Pacific Region 
Sec. 1261. South China Sea Initiative. 
Sec. 1262. Sense of Congress reaffirming the 
importance of implementing the rebalance to the Asia-Pa-cific region. 
Sec. 1263. Sense of Senate on Taiwan asym-
metric military capabilities and bilateral training activi-ties. 
Subtitle F—Reports and Related Matters 
Sec. 1271. Item in quarterly reports on as-
sistance to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant on forces ineligible to receive as-sistance due to a gross viola-tion of human rights. 
Sec. 1272. Report on bilateral agreement 
with Israel on joint activities to establish an anti-tunneling defense system. 
Sec. 1273. Sense of Senate and report on 
Qatar fighter aircraft capa-bility contribution to regional security. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
Sec. 1281. NATO Special Operations Head-
quarters. Sec. 1282. Two-year extension and modifica-
tion of authorization for non- conventional assisted recovery capabilities. 
TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT 
REDUCTION 
Sec. 1301. Specification of Cooperative 
Threat Reduction funds. 
Sec. 1302. Funding allocations. 
TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Programs 
Sec. 1401. Working capital funds. 
Sec. 1402. National Defense Sealift Fund. Sec. 1403. Chemical Agents and Munitions 
Destruction, Defense. 
Sec. 1404. Drug Interdiction and Counter- 
Drug Activities, Defense-wide. 
Sec. 1405. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1406. Defense Health Program. 
Subtitle B—Other Matters 
Sec. 1411. Authority for transfer of funds to 
joint Department of Defense- Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstra-tion Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illi-nois. 
Sec. 1412. Authorization of appropriations 
for Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
Sec. 1413. Inspections of the Armed Forces 
Retirement Home by the In-spector General of the Depart-ment of Defense. 
TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-
TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 1501. Purpose. 
Sec. 1502. Overseas contingency operations. Sec. 1503. Procurement. Sec. 1504. Research, development, test, and 
evaluation. 
Sec. 1505. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 1506. Military personnel. Sec. 1507. Working capital funds. Sec. 1508. Drug Interdiction and Counter- 
Drug Activities, Defense-wide. 
Sec. 1509. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1510. Defense Health Program. Sec. 1511. Counterterrorism Partnerships 
Fund. 
Subtitle B—Financial Matters 
Sec. 1521. Treatment as additional author-
izations. 
Sec. 1522. Special transfer authority. 
Subtitle C—Limitations, Reports, and Other 
Matters 
Sec. 1531. Afghanistan Security Forces 
Fund. 
Sec. 1532. Joint Improvised Explosive Device 
Defeat Fund. 
Sec. 1533. Availability of Joint Improvised 
Explosive Device Defeat Fund funds for training of foreign se-curity forces to defeat impro-vised explosive devices. 
TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, 
CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Space Activities 
Sec. 1601. Integrated policy to deter adver-
saries in space. 
Sec. 1602. Principal advisor on space control. Sec. 1603. Exception to the prohibition on 
contracting with Russian sup-pliers of rocket engines for the evolved expendable launch ve-hicle program. 
Sec. 1604. Elimination of launch capabilities 
contracts under evolved ex-pendable launch vehicle pro-gram. 
Sec. 1605. Allocation of funding for evolved 
expendable launch vehicle pro-gram. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3467 June 2, 2015 
Sec. 1606. Inclusion of plan for development 
and fielding of a full-up engine in rocket propulsion system de-velopment program. 
Sec. 1607. Limitations on availability of 
funds for the Defense Meteoro-logical Satellite program. 
Sec. 1608. Quarterly reports on Global Posi-
tioning System III space seg-ment, Global Positioning Sys-tem operational control seg-ment, and Military Global Posi-tioning System user equipment acquisition programs. 
Sec. 1609. Plan for consolidation of acquisi-
tion of commercial satellite communications services. 
Sec. 1610. Council on Oversight of the De-
partment of Defense Posi-tioning, Navigation, and Tim-ing Enterprise. 
Sec. 1611. Analysis of alternatives for wide- 
band communications. 
Sec. 1612. Expansion of goals for pilot pro-
gram for acquisition of com-mercial satellite communica-tion services. 
Sec. 1613. Streamline commercial space 
launch activities. 
Subtitle B—Cyber Warfare, Cyber Security, 
and Related Matters 
Sec. 1621. Authorization of military cyber 
operations. 
Sec. 1622. Designation of Department of De-
fense entity responsible for ac-quisition of critical cyber capa-bilities. 
Sec. 1623. Incentive for submittal to Con-
gress by President of integrated policy to deter adversaries in cyberspace. 
Sec. 1624. Authorization for procurement of 
relocatable Sensitive Compart-mented Information Facility. 
Sec. 1625. Evaluation of cyber 
vulnerabilities of major weapon systems of the Department of Defense. 
Sec. 1626. Assessment of capabilities of 
United States Cyber Command to defend the United States from cyber attacks. 
Sec. 1627. Biennial exercises on responding 
to cyber attacks against crit-ical infrastructure. 
Subtitle C—Nuclear Forces 
Sec. 1631. Designation of Air Force officials 
to be responsible for policy on and procurement of nuclear command, control, and commu-nications systems. 
Sec. 1632. Comptroller General of the United 
States review of recommenda-tions relating to the nuclear se-curity enterprise. 
Sec. 1633. Assessment of global nuclear envi-
ronment. 
Sec. 1634. Deadline for Milestone A decision 
on long-range standoff weapon. 
Sec. 1635. Availability of Air Force procure-
ment funds for certain commer-cial off-the-shelf parts for inter-continental ballistic missile fuzes. 
Sec. 1636. Sense of Congress on policy on the 
nuclear triad. 
Subtitle D—Missile Defense Programs 
Sec. 1641. Plan for expediting deployment 
time of continental United States interceptor site. 
Sec. 1642. Additional missile defense sensor 
coverage for the protection of the United States homeland. 
Sec. 1643. Air defense capability at North 
Atlantic Treaty Organization missile defense sites. Sec. 1644. Availability of funds for Iron 
Dome short-range rocket de-fense system. 
Sec. 1645. Israeli cooperative missile defense 
program codevelopment and po-tential coproduction. 
Sec. 1646. Development and deployment of 
multiple-object kill vehicle for missile defense of the United States homeland. 
Sec. 1647. Requirement to replace capability 
enhancement I exoatmospheric kill vehicles. 
Sec. 1648. Airborne boost phase defense sys-
tem. 
Sec. 1649. Extension of limitation on pro-
viding certain sensitive missile defense information to the Rus-sian Federation. 
Sec. 1650. Extension of requirement for 
Comptroller General of the United States review and as-sessment of missile defense ac-quisition programs. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
Sec. 1661. Measures in response to violations 
of the Intermediate-Range Nu-clear Forces Treaty by the Rus-sian Federation. 
Sec. 1662. Modification of notification and 
assessment of proposal to mod-ify or introduce new aircraft or sensors for flight by the Rus-sian Federation under the Open Skies Treaty. 
Sec. 1663. Milestone A decision for the Con-
ventional Prompt Global Strike Weapons System. 
DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
Sec. 2001. Short title. 
Sec. 2002. Expiration of authorizations and 
amounts required to be speci-fied by law. 
TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2101. Authorized army construction and 
land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2102. Family housing. Sec. 2103. Improvements to military family 
housing units. 
Sec. 2104. Authorization of appropriations, 
Army. 
Sec. 2105. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2013 project. 
Sec. 2106. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2107. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
Sec. 2108. Additional authority to carry out 
certain fiscal year 2016 project. 
Sec. 2109. Limitation on construction of new 
facilities at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2201. Authorized Navy construction and 
land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2202. Family housing. 
Sec. 2203. Improvements to military family 
housing units. 
Sec. 2204. Authorization of appropriations, 
Navy. 
Sec. 2205. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2206. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2301. Authorized Air Force construction 
and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2302. Family housing. Sec. 2303. Improvements to military family 
housing units. Sec. 2304. Authorization of appropriations, 
Air Force. 
Sec. 2305. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2010 project. 
Sec. 2306. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2014 project. 
Sec. 2307. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2015 project. 
Sec. 2308. Extension of authorization of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 project. 
Sec. 2309. Extension of authorization of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 project. 
TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2401. Authorized Defense Agencies con-
struction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2402. Authorized energy conservation 
projects. 
Sec. 2403. Authorization of appropriations, 
Defense Agencies. 
Sec. 2404. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2012 project. 
Sec. 2405. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2406. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
Sec. 2407. Modification and extension of au-
thority to carry out certain fis-cal year 2014 project. 
TITLE XXV—NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY 
ORGANIZATION SECURITY INVEST-MENT PROGRAM 
Sec. 2501. Authorized NATO construction 
and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, 
NATO. 
TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE 
FORCES FACILITIES 
Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and 
Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 2601. Authorized Army National Guard 
construction and land acquisi-tion projects. 
Sec. 2602. Authorized Army Reserve con-
struction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2603. Authorized Navy Reserve and Ma-
rine Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2604. Authorized Air National Guard 
construction and land acquisi-tion projects. 
Sec. 2605. Authorized Air Force Reserve con-
struction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2606. Authorization of appropriations, 
National Guard and Reserve. 
Subtitle B—Others Matters 
Sec. 2611. Modification and extension of au-
thority to carry out certain fis-cal year 2013 project. 
Sec. 2612. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2015 projects. 
Sec. 2613. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2614. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND 
CLOSURE ACTIVITIES 
Sec. 2701. Authorization of appropriations 
for base realignment and clo-sure activities funded through Department of Defense base closure account. 
Sec. 2702. Prohibition on conducting addi-
tional base realignment and closure (BRAC) round. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3468 June 2, 2015 
TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Construction Program 
and Military Family Housing Changes 
Sec. 2801. Authority for acceptance and use 
of contributions for certain mu-tually beneficial projects. 
Sec. 2802. Change in authorities relating to 
scope of work variations for military construction projects. 
Sec. 2803. Extension of temporary, limited 
authority to use operation and maintenance funds for con-struction projects outside the United States. 
Sec. 2804. Modification of reporting require-
ment on in-kind construction and renovation payments. 
Sec. 2805. Lab modernization pilot program. Sec. 2806. Conveyance to Indian tribes of 
certain housing units. 
Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities 
Administration 
Sec. 2811. Utility system conveyance author-
ity. 
Sec. 2812. Leasing of non-excess property of 
military departments and De-fense Agencies; treatment of value provided by local edu-cation agencies and elementary and secondary schools. 
Sec. 2813. Modification of facility repair no-
tification requirement. 
Sec. 2814. Increase of threshold of notice and 
wait requirement for certain fa-cilities for reserve components and parity with authority for unspecified minor military con-struction and repair projects. 
Subtitle C—Land Conveyances 
Sec. 2821. Release of reversionary interest 
retained as part of conveyance to the Economic Development Alliance of Jefferson County, Arkansas. 
DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZA-TIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—National Security Programs 
Authorizations 
Sec. 3101. National Nuclear Security Admin-
istration. 
Sec. 3102. Defense environmental cleanup. Sec. 3103. Other defense activities. 
Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
Sec. 3111. Responsive capabilities program. 
Sec. 3112. Long-term plan for meeting na-
tional security requirements for unencumbered uranium. 
Sec. 3113. Defense nuclear nonproliferation 
management plan. 
Sec. 3114. Plan for deactivation and decom-
missioning of nonoperational defense nuclear facilities. 
Sec. 3115. Hanford Waste Treatment and Im-
mobilization Plant contract oversight. 
Sec. 3116. Assessment of emergency pre-
paredness of defense nuclear fa-cilities. 
Sec. 3117. Laboratory- and facility-directed 
research and development pro-grams. 
Sec. 3118. Limitation on bonuses for employ-
ees of the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration who en-gage in improper program man-agement. 
Sec. 3119. Modification of authorized per-
sonnel levels of the Office of the Administrator for Nuclear Se-curity. Sec. 3120. Modification of submission of as-
sessments of certain budget re-quests relating to the nuclear weapons stockpile. 
Sec. 3121. Repeal of phase three review of 
certain defense environmental cleanup projects. 
Sec. 3122. Modifications to cost-benefit anal-
yses for competition of manage-ment and operating contracts. 
Sec. 3123. Review of implementation of rec-
ommendations of the Congres-sional Advisory Panel on the Governance of the Nuclear Se-curity Enterprise. 
TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR 
FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
Sec. 3201. Authorization. 
DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES 
Sec. 4001. Authorization of amounts in fund-
ing tables. 
Sec. 4002. Clarification of applicability of 
undistributed reductions of cer-tain operation and maintenance funding among all operation and maintenance funding. 
TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
Sec. 4101. Procurement. 
Sec. 4102. Procurement for overseas contin-
gency operations. 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
Sec. 4201. Research, development, test, and 
evaluation. 
Sec. 4202. Research, development, test, and 
evaluation for overseas contin-gency operations. 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
Sec. 4301. Operation and maintenance. 
Sec. 4302. Operation and maintenance for 
overseas contingency oper-ations. 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
Sec. 4401. Military personnel. 
Sec. 4402. Military personnel for overseas 
contingency operations. 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
Sec. 4501. Other authorizations. 
Sec. 4502. Other authorizations for overseas 
contingency operations. 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 4601. Military construction. 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
Sec. 4701. Department of Energy national se-
curity programs. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMITTEES. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘congressional de-
fense committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. BUDGETARY EFFECTS OF THIS ACT. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the 
purposes of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-mined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-tion’’ for this Act, jointly submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairmen of the House and Senate Budget Committees, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on pas-sage in the House acting first on the con-ference report or amendment between the Houses. 
DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE I—PROCUREMENT 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine 
Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide ac-tivities, as specified in the funding table in section 4101. 
Subtitle B—Navy Programs 
SEC. 111. AMENDMENT TO COST LIMITATION 
BASELINE FOR CVN–78 CLASS AIR-CRAFT CARRIER PROGRAM. 
Section 122(a)(2) of the John Warner Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2104), as amended by section 121(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 691), is fur-ther amended by striking ‘‘$11,498,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$11,398,000,000’’. 
SEC. 112. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR USS JOHN F. KENNEDY (CVN–79). 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for pro-curement for the USS JOHN F. KENNEDY (CVN–79), $100,000,000 may not be obligated or expended until the date on which the Sec-retary of the Navy submits to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and of the House of Representatives the certifi-cation required under subsection (b) and the reports required under subsection (c) and (d). 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION REGARDING FULL SHIP 
SHOCK TRIALS .—The Secretary of the Navy 
shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a certification that the Navy will conduct by not later than Sep-tember 30, 2017, full ship shock trials on the 
USS GERALD R. FORD (CVN–78). 
(c) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a report that evaluates cost issues related to the USS JOHN F. KENNEDY (CVN–79) and the USS ENTERPRISE (CVN–80). 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) Options to achieve ship end cost of no 
more than $10,000,000,000. 
(B) Options to freeze the design of CVN–79 
for CVN–80, with exceptions only for changes due to full ship shock trials or other signifi-cant test and evaluation results. 
(C) Options to reduce the plans cost for 
CVN–80 to less than 50 percent of the CVN–79 plans cost. 
(D) Options to transition all non-nuclear 
government furnished equipment, including launch and arresting equipment, to con-tractor furnished equipment. 
(E) Options to build the ships at the most 
economic pace, such as four years between ships. 
(F) A business case analysis for the Enter-
prise Air Search Radar modification to CVN– 79 and CVN–80. 
(G) A business case analysis for the two- 
phase CVN–79 delivery proposal and impact on fleet deployments. 
(d) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than April 1, 
2016, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a report on potential requirements, capabili-ties, and alternatives for future development of aircraft carriers that would replace or supplement the CVN–78 class aircraft carrier. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) A description of fleet, sea-based tac-
tical aviation capability requirements for a range of operational scenarios beginning in the 2025 timeframe. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3469 June 2, 2015 
(B) A description of alternative aircraft 
carrier designs that meet the requirements described under subparagraph (A). 
(C) A description of nuclear and non-nu-
clear propulsion options. 
(D) A description of tonnage options rang-
ing from less than 20,000 tons to greater than 100,000 tons. 
(E) Requirements for unmanned systems 
integration from inception. 
(F) Developmental, procurement, and 
lifecycle cost assessment of alternatives. 
(G) A notional acquisition strategy for de-
velopment and construction of alternatives. 
(H) A description of shipbuilding industrial 
base considerations and a plan to ensure op-portunity for competition among alter-natives. 
(I) A description of funding and timing 
considerations related to developing the An-nual Long-Range Plan for Construction of Naval Vessels required under section 231 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 113. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR USS ENTERPRISE (CVN– 80). 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for ad-vance procurement for the USS ENTER-PRISE (CVN–80), $191,400,000 may not be obli-gated or expended until the Secretary of the Navy submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives the certification required under subsection (b) and the report required under subsection (c). 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION REGARDING CVN–80 D E-
SIGN.—The Secretary of the Navy shall sub-
mit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a certification that the design of CVN–80 will repeat that of CVN–79, with modifications only for significant test and evaluation re-sults or significant cost reduction initiatives that still meet threshold requirements. 
(c) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that details the plans costs related to the USS ENTERPRISE (CVN–80). 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments, reported by total cost and cost by fis-cal year, with a detailed description and a justification for why each cost is recurring and attributable to CVN–80: 
(A) Overall plans. (B) Propulsion plant detail design. (C) Platform detail design. (D) Lead yard services and hull planning 
yard. 
(E) Platform detail design (Steam and 
Electric Plant Planning Yard). 
(F) Other. 
SEC. 114. MODIFICATION OF CVN–78 CLASS AIR-
CRAFT CARRIER PROGRAM. 
Subsection (f) of section 122 of the John 
Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2104), as added by section 121(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 692), is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(3)(A) As part of the report required under 
paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Navy shall include a description of new design and engineering changes to CVN–78 class aircraft carriers if applicable. 
‘‘(B) The additional reporting requirement 
in subparagraph (A) shall include, with re-spect to CVN–78 class aircraft carriers in each reporting period— 
‘‘(i) any design or engineering change with 
an associated cost greater than $5,000,000; ‘‘(ii) program or ship cost increases for 
each design or engineering change identified in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(iii) cost reduction achieved. ‘‘(C) The Secretary of the Navy and Chief 
of Naval Operations shall each personally sign (not autopen) the additional reporting requirement in subparagraph (A). This cer-tification may not be delegated. The certifi-cation shall include a determination that each change— 
‘‘(i) serves the national security interests 
of the United States; 
‘‘(ii) cannot be deferred to a future ship 
due to operational necessity, safety, or sub-stantial cost reduction that still meets threshold requirements; and 
‘‘(iii) was personally reviewed and endorsed 
by the Secretary of the Navy and Chief of Naval Operations.’’. 
SEC. 115. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated 
by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research and develop-ment, design, construction, procurement or advanced procurement of materials for the Littoral Combat Ships designated as LCS 33 or subsequent, not more than 25 percent may 
be obligated or expended until the Secretary of the Navy submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives each of the following: 
(1) A Capabilities Based Assessment to as-
sess capability gaps and associated capa-bility requirements and risks for the up-graded Littoral Combat Ship, which is pro-posed to commence with LCS 33. This assess-ment shall conform with the Joint Capabili-ties Integration and Development System, including Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Instruction 3170.01H. 
(2) A certification that the Joint Require-
ments Oversight Council has validated an updated Capabilities Development Document for the upgraded Littoral Combat Ship. 
(3) A report describing the upgraded Lit-
toral Combat Ship modernization, which shall, at a minimum, include the following elements: 
(A) A description of capabilities that the 
LCS program delivers, and a description of how these relate to the characteristics of the future joint force identified in the Capstone Concept for Joint Operations, concept of op-erations, and integrated architecture docu-ments. 
(B) A summary of analyses and studies 
conducted on LCS modernization. 
(C) A concept of operations for LCS mod-
ernization ships at the operational level and tactical level describing how they integrate and synchronize with joint and combined forces to achieve the Joint Force Com-mander’s intent. 
(D) A description of threat systems of po-
tential adversaries that are projected or as-sessed to reach initial operational capability within 15 years against which the lethality and survivability of the LCS should be deter-mined. 
(E) A plan and timeline for LCS moderniza-
tion program execution. 
(F) A description of system capabilities re-
quired for LCS modernization, including key performance parameters and key system at-tributes. 
(G) A plan for family of systems or systems 
of systems synchronization. 
(H) A plan for information technology and 
national security systems supportability. 
(I) A plan for intelligence supportability. (J) A plan for electromagnetic environ-
mental effects (E3) and spectrum supportability. (K) A description of assets required to 
achieve initial operational capability (IOC) of an LCS modernization increment. 
(L) A schedule and initial operational ca-
pability and full operational capability defi-nitions. 
(M) A description of doctrine, organization, 
training, materiel, leadership, education, personnel, facilities, and policy consider-ations. 
(N) A description of other system at-
tributes. 
(4) A plan for future periodic combat sys-
tems upgrades, which are necessary to en-sure relevant capability throughout the Lit-toral Combat Ship or Frigate class service lives, using the process described in para-graph (3). 
SEC. 116. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP. 
Section 124(a) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 693), as amended by sec-tion 123 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3314), is further amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘this Act, the Carl Levin 
and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, or otherwise made available for fiscal years 2014 or 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘this Act, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, or otherwise made available for fiscal years 2014, 2015, or 2016’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(6) A Littoral Combat Ship seaframe ac-
quisition strategy for the Littoral Combat Ships designated as LCS 25 through LCS 32, including upgrades to be installed on these ships that were identified for the upgraded Littoral Combat Ship, which is proposed to commence with LCS 33. 
‘‘(7) A Littoral Combat Ship mission mod-
ule acquisition strategy to reach the total acquisition quantity of each mission module. 
‘‘(8) A cost and schedule plan to outfit 
Flight 0 and Flight 0+ Littoral Combat Ships with capabilities identified for the upgraded Littoral Combat Ship. 
‘‘(9) A current Test and Evaluation Master 
Plan for the Littoral Combat Ship Mission Modules, approved by the Director of Oper-ational Test and Evaluation, which includes the performance levels expected to be dem-onstrated during developmental testing for each component and mission module prior to commencing the associated operational test phase.’’. 
SEC. 117. CONSTRUCTION OF ADDITIONAL 
ARLEIGH BURKE DESTROYER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the 
Navy may enter into a contract beginning with the fiscal year 2016 program year for the procurement of one Arleigh Burke class destroyer in addition to the ten DDG–51s in the fiscal year 2013 through 2017 multiyear procurement contract or for one DDG–51 in fiscal year 2018. The Secretary may employ incremental funding for such procurement. 
(b) C
ONDITION ON OUT-YEAR CONTRACT PAY-
MENTS .—A contract entered into under sub-
section (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under such contract for any fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such fiscal year. 
SEC. 118. FLEET REPLENISHMENT OILER PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) C ONTRACT AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
of the Navy may enter into one or more con-tracts to procure up to six Fleet Replenish-ment Oilers. Such procurements may also in-clude advance procurement for Economic 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3470 June 2, 2015 
Order Quantity (EOQ) and long lead time 
materials, beginning with the lead ship, com-mencing not earlier than fiscal year 2016. 
(b) L
IABILITY .—Any contract entered into 
under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract is subject to the availability of appropriations for that pur-pose, and that total liability to the govern-ment for termination of any contract en-tered into shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated at the time of termination. 
SEC. 119. REPORTING REQUIREMENT FOR OHIO- 
CLASS REPLACEMENT SUBMARINE PROGRAM. 
The Secretary of Defense shall include in 
the budget justification materials for the Ohio-class replacement submarine program submitted to Congress in support of the De-partment of Defense budget for that fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) a report including the following elements, described in terms of both fiscal 2010 and current fiscal year dol-lars: 
(1) Lead ship end cost (with plans). (2) Lead ship end cost (less plans). (3) Lead ship non-recurring engineering 
cost. 
(4) Average follow-on ship cost. (5) Average operations and sustainment 
cost per hull per year. 
(6) Office of the Under Secretary of Defense 
for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics average follow-on ship affordability target. 
(7) Office of the Under Secretary of Defense 
for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics operations and sustainment cost per hull per year affordability target. 
Subtitle C—Air Force Programs 
SEC. 131. LIMITATIONS ON RETIREMENT OF B–1, 
B–2, AND B–52 BOMBER AIRCRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), no B–1, B–2, or B–52 bomber aircraft may be retired during a fiscal year prior to initial operational capability (IOC) of the LRS–B unless the Secretary of Defense certifies, in the materials submitted in sup-port of the budget of the President for that fiscal year (as submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code), that— 
(1) the retirement of the aircraft is re-
quired to reallocate funding and manpower resources to enable LRS–B to reach IOC and full operational capability (FOC); and 
(2) the Secretary has concluded that retire-
ments of B–1, B–2, and B–52 bomber aircraft in the near-term will not detrimentally af-fect operational capability. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—A certification described 
in sub-section (a) is not required with re-spect to the retirement of B–1 bomber air-craft carried out in accordance with section 132(c)(2) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1320). 
SEC. 132. LIMITATION ON RETIREMENT OF AIR 
FORCE FIGHTER AIRCRAFT. 
(a) I NVENTORY REQUIREMENT .—Section 8062 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(i) I
NVENTORY REQUIREMENT .—(1) Effec-
tive October 1, 2015, the Secretary of the Air Force shall maintain a total aircraft inven-tory of fighter aircraft of not less than 1,950 aircraft, and a total primary mission aircraft inventory (combat-coded) of not less than 1,116 fighter aircraft. 
‘‘(2) In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) The term ‘fighter aircraft’ means an 
aircraft that— 
‘‘(i) is designated by a mission design se-
ries prefix of F– or A–; ‘‘(ii) is manned by one or two crew-
members; and 
‘‘(iii) executes single-role or multi-role 
missions, including air-to-air combat, air-to- ground attack, air interdiction, suppression or destruction of enemy air defenses, close air support, strike control and reconnais-sance, combat search and rescue support, or airborne forward air control. 
‘‘(B) The term ‘primary mission aircraft 
inventory’ means aircraft assigned to meet the primary aircraft authorization to a unit for the performance of its wartime mis-sion.’’. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON RETIREMENT OF AIR 
FORCE FIGHTER AIRCRAFT .— 
(1) L IMITATION .—The Secretary of the Air 
Force may not proceed with a decision to re-tire fighter aircraft in any number that would reduce the total number of such air-craft in the Air Force total active inventory (TAI) below 1,950, and shall maintain a min-imum of 1,116 fighter aircraft designated as primary mission aircraft inventory (PMAI). 
(2) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON RETIREMENT  
OF FIGHTER AIRCRAFT .—The Secretary of the 
Air Force may not retire fighter aircraft from the total active inventory as of the date of the enactment of this Act until the later of the following: 
(A) The date that is 30 days after the date 
on which the Secretary submits the report required under paragraph (3). 
(B) The date that is 30 days after the date 
on which the Secretary certifies to the con-gressional defense committees that— 
(i) the retirement of such fighter aircraft 
will not increase the operational risk of meeting the National Defense Strategy; and 
(ii) the retirement of such aircraft will not 
reduce the total fighter force structure below 1,950 fighter aircraft or the primary mission aircraft inventory below 1,116. 
(3) R
EPORT ON RETIREMENT OF AIRCRAFT .— 
The Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: 
(A) The rationale for the retirement of ex-
isting fighter aircraft and an operational analysis of replacement fighter aircraft that demonstrates performance of the designated mission at an equal or greater level of effec-tiveness as the retiring aircraft. 
(B) An assessment of the implications for 
the Air Force, the Air National Guard, and the Air Force Reserve of the force mix ratio of fighter aircraft. 
(C) Such other matters relating to the re-
tirement of fighter aircraft as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(c) R
EPORTS ON FIGHTER AIRCRAFT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—At least 90 days before the 
date on which a fighter aircraft is retired, the Secretary of the Air Force, in consulta-tion with (where applicable) the Director of the Air National Guard or Chief of the Air Force Reserve, shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the proposed force structure and basing of fight-er aircraft. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing elements: 
(A) A list of each aircraft in the inventory 
of fighter aircraft, including for each such aircraft— 
(i) the mission design series type; (ii) the variant; and (iii) the assigned unit and military instal-
lation where such aircraft is based. 
(B) A list of each fighter aircraft proposed 
for retirement, including for each such air-craft— 
(i) the mission design series type; (ii) the variant; and (iii) the assigned unit and military instal-
lation where such aircraft is based. (C) A list of each unit affected by a pro-
posed retirement listed under subparagraph (B) and a description of how such unit is af-fected. 
(D) For each military installation and unit 
listed under subparagraph (B)(iii), a descrip-tion of changes, if any, to the designed oper-ational capability (DOC) statement of the unit as a result of a proposed retirement. 
(E) A description of any anticipated 
changes in manpower authorizations as a re-sult of a proposed retirement listed under subparagraph (B). 
(d) F
IGHTER AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘fighter aircraft’’ has the meaning given the term in subsection (i)(2)(A) of section 8062 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section. 
SEC. 133. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR F–35A AIRCRAFT PRO-CUREMENT. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated 
by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for aircraft procurement, Air Force, not more than $4,285,000,000 may be made available for the procurement of F–35A aircraft until the Secretary of Defense cer-tifies to the congressional defense commit-tees that F–35A aircraft delivered in fiscal year 2018 will have full combat capability as currently planned with Block 3F hardware, software, and weapons carriage. 
SEC. 134. PROHIBITION ON RETIREMENT OF A–10 
AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS  
FORRETIREMENT .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, or place in stor-age or on backup aircraft inventory status any A–10 aircraft. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON RETIRE -
MENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In addition to the limita-
tion in subsection (a), during the period be-fore December 31, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force may not retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup flying sta-tus any A–10 aircraft. 
(2) M
INIMUM INVENTORY REQUIREMENT .—The 
Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure the Air Force maintains a minimum of 171 A–10 aircraft designated as primary mission air-craft inventory (PMAI). 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS  
FOR SIGNIFICANT REDUCTIONS IN MANNING  
LEVELS .—None of the funds authorized to be 
appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to make significant reductions to manning levels with respect to any A–10 aircraft squadrons or divisions. 
(d) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON SIGNIFICANT  
REDUCTIONS IN MANNING LEVELS .—-In addi-
tion to the limitation in subsection (c), dur-ing the period before December 31, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force may not make significant reductions to manning levels with respect to any A–10 aircraft squadrons or divisions. 
(e) S
TUDY ON REPLACEMENT CAPABILITY RE-
QUIREMENTS OR MISSION PLATFORM FOR THE  
A–10 A IRCRAFT .— 
(1) I NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT REQUIRED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Air 
Force shall commission an appropriate enti-ty outside the Department of Defense to con-duct an assessment of the required capabili-ties or mission platform to replace the A–10 aircraft. This assessment would represent preparatory work to inform an analysis of alternatives. 
(B) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required 
under subparagraph (A) shall include each of the following: 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3471 June 2, 2015 
(i) Future needs analysis for the current A– 
10 aircraft mission set to include troops-in- contact/close air support, air interdiction, strike control and reconnaissance, and com-bat search and rescue support in both con-tested and uncontested battle environments. At a minimum, the needs analysis should specifically address the following areas: 
(I) The ability to safely and effectively 
conduct troops-in-contact/danger close mis-sions or missions in close proximity to civil-ians in the presence of the air defenses found with enemy ground maneuver units. 
(II) The ability to effectively target and 
destroy moving, camouflaged, or dug-in troops, artillery, armor, and armored per-sonnel carriers. 
(III) The ability to remain within visual 
range of friendly forces and targets to facili-tate responsiveness to ground forces and minimize re-attack times. 
(IV) The ability to safely conduct close air 
support beneath low cloud ceilings and in re-duced visibilities at low airspeeds in the presence of the air defenses found with enemy ground maneuver units. 
(V) The capability to enable the pilot and 
aircraft to survive attacks stemming from small arms, machine guns, MANPADs, and lower caliber anti-aircraft artillery organic or attached to enemy ground forces and ma-neuver units. 
(VI) The ability to communicate effec-
tively with ground forces and downed pilots, including in communications jamming or satellite-denied environments. 
(VII) The ability to execute the missions 
described in subclauses (I), (II), (III), and (IV) in a GPS- or satellite-denied environment with or without sensors. 
(VIII) The ability to deliver multiple lethal 
firing passes and sustain long loiter endur-ance to support friendly forces throughout extended ground engagements. 
(IX) The ability to operate from unpre-
pared dirt, grass, and narrow road runways and to generate high sortie rates under these austere conditions. 
(ii) Identification and assessment of gaps 
in the ability of existing and programmed mission platforms in providing required ca-pabilities to conduct missions specified in clause (i) in both contested and uncontested battle environments. 
(iii) Assessment of operational effective-
ness of existing and programmed mission platforms to conduct missions specified in clause (i) in both contested and uncontested battle environments. 
(iv) Assessment of probability of likelihood 
of conducting missions requiring troops-in- 
contact/close air support operations specified in clause (i) in contested environments as compared to uncontested environments. 
(v) Any other matters the independent en-
tity or the Secretary of the Air Force deter-mines to be appropriate. 
(2) R
EPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than September 
30, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report that includes the assessment required under paragraph (1). 
(B) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-
paragraph (A) may be submitted in classified form, but shall also contain an unclassified executive summary and may contain an un-classified annex. 
(3) N
ONDUPLICATION OF EFFORT .—If any in-
formation required under paragraph (1) has been included in another report or notifica-tion previously submitted to Congress by law, the Secretary of the Air Force may pro-vide a list of such reports and notifications at the time of submitting the report required under paragraph (2) in lieu of including such information in the report required under paragraph (2). SEC. 135. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF EC– 130H COMPASS CALL AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON RETIREMENT .—None of 
the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fis-cal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obli-gated or expended to retire, prepare to re-tire, or place in storage or backup aircraft inventory status any EC–130H Compass Call aircraft. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON RETIREMENT  
OFEC–130 HCOMPASS CALLAIRCRAFT .—In ad-
dition to the limitation in subsection (a), during the period preceding December 31, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force may not retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup flying status any EC-130H Com-pass Call aircraft. 
(c) R
EPORT ON RETIREMENT OF EC–130 H 
COMPASS CALL AIRCRAFT .—Not later than 
September 30, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report setting forth the following: 
(1) The rationale for the retirement of ex-
isting EC–130H Compass Call aircraft, includ-ing an operational analysis of the impact of such retirements on combatant commander warfighting requirements. 
(2) A plan for how the Air Force will fulfill 
the capability requirement of the EC–130H mission, transition the mission capabilities of the EC–130H into a replacement platform, or integrate the required capabilities into other mission platforms. 
(3) Such other matters relating to the re-
quired mission capabilities and transition of the EC–130H Compass Call fleet as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. 
SEC. 136. LIMITATION ON TRANSFER OF C–130 
AIRCRAFT. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to transfer from one facility of the Department of De-fense to another any C–130H aircraft, initiate any C–130 manpower authorization adjust-ments, retire or prepare to retire any C–130H aircraft, or close any C–130H unit until 90 days after the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force, in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Army, and after certification by the commanders of the XVIII Airborne Corps, 82nd Airborne Division and United States Army Special Operations Command, certifies to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and of the House of Rep-resentatives that— 
(1) the United States Air Force will main-
tain dedicated C–130 wings to support the daily training and contingency requirements of the XVIII Airborne Corps, 82nd Airborne Division, and United States Army Special Operations Command at manning levels re-quired to support and operate the number of aircraft that existed as part of regular and reserve Air Force operations in support of such units as of September 30, 2014; and 
(2) failure to maintain such Air Force oper-
ations will not adversely impact the daily training requirement of those airborne and special operations units. 
SEC. 137. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR T– 
1A JAYHAWK AIRCRAFT. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2016 for avionics modi-fication to the T–1A Jayhawk aircraft may be obligated or expended until 30 days after the Secretary of the Air Force submits to the congressional defense committees the re-port required under section 142 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3320). SEC. 138. RESTRICTION ON RETIREMENT OF THE 
JOINT SURVEILLANCE TARGET AT-TACK RADAR SYSTEM (JSTARS), EC- 130H COMPASS CALL, AND AIR-BORNE EARLY WARNING AND CON-TROL (AWACS) AIRCRAFT. 
The Secretary of the Air Force may not re-
tire any operational Joint Surveillance Tar-get Attack Radar System (JSTARS), EC- 130H Compass Call, or Airborne Early Warn-ing and Control (AWACS) aircraft until the follow-on replacement aircraft program en-ters Low-Rate Initial Production. 
SEC. 139. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE 
OCONUS BASING OF THE F–35A AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the De-
partment of Defense is continuing its process of permanently stationing the F–35 aircraft at installations in the Continental United States (in this section referred to as ‘‘CONUS’’) and forward-basing Outside the Continental United States (in this section referred to as ‘‘OCONUS’’). 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of the Air Force, in the strategic basing process for the F–35A aircraft, should continue to consider the benefits derived from sites that— 
(1) are capable of hosting fighter-based bi-
lateral and multilateral training opportuni-ties with international partners; 
(2) have sufficient airspace and range capa-
bilities and capacity to meet the training re-quirements; 
(3) have existing facilities to support per-
sonnel, operations, and logistics associated with the flying mission; 
(4) have limited encroachment that would 
adversely impact training or operations; and 
(5) minimize the overall construction and 
operational costs. 
SEC. 140. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON F–16 ACTIVE 
ELECTRONICALLY SCANNED ARRAY (AESA) RADAR UPGRADE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) National Guard F–16 aircraft are pro-
tecting the United States from terrorist air attack from inside or outside the contiguous United States 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. 
(2) These aircraft, stationed throughout 
the United States, are tasked with the zero- fail mission of guarding and securing United States airspace. 
(3) The United States is facing an increased 
threat from both state and non-state actors. 
(4) The National Guard F–16 aircraft per-
forming the Aerospace Control Alert (ACA) mission are operating legacy radar systems. 
(5) Air Force Chief of Staff General Mark 
Welsh testified to Congress in March 2015, stating, ‘‘We need to develop an AESA radar plan for our F–16s who are conducting the homeland defense mission in particular.’’ 
(6) First Air Force, United States Northern 
Command, issued a Joint Urgent Operational Need (JUON) request in March 2015 for radar upgrades to its F–16 fleet. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) it is essential to our Nation’s defense 
that Air Force aircraft modification funding is made available to purchase these Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) radars as the United States Air Force bridges the gap between 4th and 5th generation fighters; 
(2) the United States Government must in-
vest in radar upgrades which ensure that 4th generation aircraft succeed at this zero-fail mission; and 
(3) the First Air Force JUON request 
should be met as soon as possible. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3472 June 2, 2015 
Subtitle D—Defense-wide, Joint, and 
Multiservice Matters 
SEC. 151. REPORT ON ARMY AND MARINE CORPS 
MODERNIZATION PLAN FOR SMALL ARMS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army and the Sec-retary of the Navy shall jointly submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the plan of the Army and the Ma-rine Corps to modernize small arms for the Army and the Marine Corps during the 15- year period beginning on the date of such plan, including the mechanisms to be used to promote competition among suppliers of small arms and small arms parts in achiev-ing the plan. 
(b) S
MALL ARMS.—The small arms covered 
by the plan under subsection (a) shall in-clude the following: 
(1) Pistols. (2) Carbines. (3) Rifles and automatic rifles. (4) Light machine guns. (5) Such other small arms as the Secre-
taries consider appropriate for purposes of the report required by subsection (a). 
(c) N
ON-STANDARD SMALL ARMS.—In addi-
tion to the arms specified in subsection (b), the plan under subsection (a) shall also ad-dress non-standard small arms not currently in the small arms inventory of the Army or the Marine Corps. 
TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Department of Defense for research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation as specified in the funding table in section 4201. 
Subtitle B—Program Requirements, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 211. CENTERS FOR SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, 
AND ENGINEERING PARTNERSHIP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 139 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2367 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2368. Centers for Science, Technology, and 
Engineering Partnership 
‘‘(a) D
ESIGNATION .—(1) The Secretary of 
Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall designate each science and technology reinvention lab-oratory as a Center for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnership in the recog-nized core competencies of the designee. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense shall estab-
lish a policy to encourage the Secretary of each military department to reengineer management and business processes and adopt best-business and personnel practices at their Centers for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnership in connection with their core competency requirements, so as to serve as recognized leaders in their core competencies throughout the Department of Defense and in the national technology and industrial base (as defined in section 2500 of this title). 
‘‘(3) The Secretary of Defense, acting 
through the directors of the Centers for Science, Technology, and Engineering Part-nership, may conduct one or more pilot pro-grams, consistent with applicable require-ments of law, to test any practices referred to in paragraph (2) that the Directors deter-mine could— 
‘‘(A) improve the efficiency and effective-
ness of operations at Centers for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnership; 
‘‘(B) improve the support provided by the 
Centers for the Department of Defense users of the services of the Centers; and ‘‘(C) enhance capabilities by reducing the 
cost and improving the performance and effi-ciency of executing laboratory missions. 
‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘science 
and technology reinvention laboratory’ means a science and technology reinvention laboratory designated under section 1105 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note). 
‘‘(b) P
UBLIC -PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS .—(1) To 
achieve one or more objectives set forth in paragraph (2), the Secretary may authorize and establish incentives for the Director of a Center for Science, Technology, and Engi-neering Partnership to enter into public-pri-vate cooperative arrangements (in this sec-
tion referred to as a ‘public-private partner-ship’) to provide for any of the following: 
‘‘(A) For employees of the Center, private 
industry, or other entities outside the De-partment of Defense to perform (under con-tract, subcontract, or otherwise) work re-lated to the core competencies of the Center, including any work that involves one or more core competencies of the Center. 
‘‘(B) For private industry or other entities 
outside the Department of Defense to use, for any period of time determined to be con-sistent with the needs of the Department of Defense, any facilities or equipment of the Center that are not fully used for Depart-ment of Defense activities. 
‘‘(2) The objectives for exercising the au-
thority provided in paragraph (1) are as fol-lows: 
‘‘(A) To maximize the use of the capacity 
of a Center for Science, Technology, and En-gineering Partnership. 
‘‘(B) To reduce or eliminate the cost of 
ownership and maintenance of a Center by the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(C) To reduce the cost of research and 
testing activities of the Department of De-fense. 
‘‘(D) To leverage private sector investment 
in— 
‘‘(i) such efforts as research and equipment 
recapitalization for a Center; and 
‘‘(ii) the promotion of the undertaking of 
commercial business ventures based on the core competencies of a Center, as determined by the director of the Center. 
‘‘(E) To foster cooperation between the 
armed forces, academia, and private indus-try. 
‘‘(F) To increase access by a Center to a 
skilled technical workforce that can con-tribute to the effective and efficient execu-tion of Department of Defense missions. 
‘‘(c) P
RIVATE SECTOR USE OF EXCESS CAPAC -
ITY.—Any facilities or equipment of a Center 
for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnership made available to private indus-try may be used to perform research and testing activities in order to make more effi-cient and economical use of Government- owned facilities and encourage the creation and preservation of jobs to ensure the avail-ability of a workforce with the necessary re-search and technical skills to meet the needs of the armed forces. 
‘‘(d) C
REDITING OF AMOUNTS FOR PERFORM -
ANCE .—Amounts received by a Center for 
Science, Technology, and Engineering Part-nership for work performed under a public- private partnership may— 
‘‘(1) be credited to the appropriation or 
fund, including a working-capital fund, that incurs the cost of performing the work; or 
‘‘(2) be used by the Director of the Center 
as the Director considers appropriate and consistent with section 219 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note). 
‘‘(e) A
VAILABILITY OF EXCESS EQUIPMENT TO  
PRIVATE -SECTOR PARTNERS .—Equipment or facilities of a Center for Science, Tech-
nology, and Engineering Partnership may be made available for use by a private-sector entity under this section only if— 
‘‘(1) the use of the equipment or facilities 
will not have a significant adverse effect on the performance of the Center or the ability of the Center to achieve its mission, as de-termined by the Director of the Center; and 
‘‘(2) the private-sector entity agrees— ‘‘(A) to reimburse the Department of De-
fense for the direct and indirect costs (in-cluding any rental costs) that are attrib-utable to the entity’s use of the equipment or facilities, as determined by that Sec-retary; and 
‘‘(B) to hold harmless and indemnify the 
United States from— 
‘‘(i) any claim for damages or injury to any 
person or property arising out of the use of the equipment or facilities, except under the circumstances described in section 2563(c)(3) of title 10, United States Code; and 
‘‘(ii) any liability or claim for damages or 
injury to any person or property arising out of a decision by the Secretary to suspend or terminate that use of equipment or facilities during a war or national emergency. 
‘‘(f) C
ONSTRUCTION OF PROVISION .—Nothing 
in this section may be construed to author-ize a change, otherwise prohibited by law, from the performance of work at a Center for Science, Technology, and Engineering Part-nership by Department of Defense personnel to performance by a contractor.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2367 the following new item: 
‘‘2368. Centers for Science, Technology, and 
Engineering Partnership.’’. 
SEC. 212. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TECH-
NOLOGY OFFSET PROGRAM TO BUILD AND MAINTAIN THE MILI-TARY TECHNOLOGICAL SUPERI-ORITY OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) P ROGRAM ESTABLISHED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall establish a technology offset program to build and maintain the military techno-logical superiority of the United States by— 
(A) accelerating the fielding of offset tech-
nologies that would help counter techno-logical advantages of potential adversaries of the United States, including directed en-ergy, low-cost, high-speed munitions, auton-omous systems, undersea warfare, cyber technology, and intelligence data analytics, developed using Department of Defense re-search funding and accelerating the commer-cialization of such technologies; and 
(B) developing and implementing new poli-
cies and acquisition and business practices. 
(2) G
UIDELINES .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue guidelines for the operation of the program, including— 
(A) criteria for an application for funding 
by a military department, defense agency, or a combatant command; 
(B) the purposes for which such a depart-
ment, agency, or command may apply for funds and appropriate requirements for tech-nology development or commercialization to be supported using program funds; 
(C) the priorities, if any, to be provided to 
field or commercialize offset technologies developed by certain types of Department re-search funding; and 
(D) criteria for evaluation of an applica-
tion for funding or changes to policies or ac-quisition and business practices by a depart-ment, agency, or command for purposes of 
the program. 
(b) D
EVELOPMENT OF DIRECTED ENERGY  
STRATEGY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3473 June 2, 2015 
the Secretary, in consultation with such offi-
cials and third-party experts as the Sec-retary considers appropriate, shall develop a directed energy strategy to ensure that the United States directed energy technologies are being developed and deployed at an ac-celerated pace. 
(2) C
OMPONENTS OF STRATEGY .—The strat-
egy required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A technology roadmap for directed en-
ergy that can be used to manage and assess investments and policies of the Department in this high priority technology area. 
(B) Proposals for legislative and adminis-
trative action to improve the ability of the Department to develop and deploy tech-nologies and capabilities consistent with the directed energy strategy. 
(C) An approach to program management 
that is designed to accelerate operational prototyping of directed energy technologies and develop cost-effective, real-world mili-tary applications for such technologies. 
(3) B
IENNIAL REVISIONS .—Not less fre-
quently than once every 2 years, the Sec-retary shall revise the strategy required by paragraph (1). 
(4) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—(A) Not later 
than 90 days after the date on which the Sec-retary completes the development of the strategy required by paragraph (1) and not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary completes a revision to such strategy under paragraph (3), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives a copy of such strategy. 
(B) The strategy submitted under subpara-
graph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(c) A
PPLICATIONS FOR FUNDING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Under the program, the 
Secretary shall, not less frequently than an-nually, solicit from the heads of the military departments, the defense agencies, and the combatant commands applications for fund-ing to be used to enter into contracts, coop-erative agreements, or other transaction agreements entered into pursuant to section 845 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2371 note) with appropriate entities for the fielding or commercialization of tech-nologies. 
(2) T
REATMENT PURSUANT TO CERTAIN CON -
GRESSIONAL RULES .—Nothing in this section 
shall be interpreted to require any official of the Department of Defense to provide fund-ing under this section to any earmark as de-fined pursuant to House Rule XXI, clause 9, or any congressionally directed spending item as defined pursuant to Senate Rule XLIV, paragraph 5. 
(d) F
UNDING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the avail-
ability of appropriations for such purpose, of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for research, development, test, and evalua-tion, Defense-wide for fiscal year 2016, not more than $400,000,000 may be used for any such fiscal year for the program established under subsection (a). 
(2) A
MOUNT FOR DIRECTED ENERGY .—Of this 
amount, not more than $200,000,000 may be used for activities in the field of directed en-ergy. 
(e) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may trans-
fer funds available for the program to the re-search, development, test, and evaluation ac-counts of a military department, defense agency, or a combatant command pursuant to an application, or any part of an applica-tion, that the Secretary determines would support the purposes of the program. (2) S
UPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—The trans-
fer authority provided in this subsection is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority to carry 
out a program under this section shall termi-nate on September 30, 2020. 
(2) T
RANSFER AFTER TERMINATION .—Any 
amounts made available for the program that remain available for obligation on the date the program terminates may be trans-ferred under subsection (e) during the 180- day period beginning on the date of the ter-mination of the program. 
SEC. 213. REAUTHORIZATION OF DEFENSE RE-
SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT RAPID INNOVATION PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION OF PROGRAM .—Section 1073 
of the Ike Skelton National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2359a note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘2015’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2020’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF GUIDELINES FOR OPER-
ATION OF PROGRAM .—Subsection (b) of such 
section is amended— 
(1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) The issuance of an annual broad agen-
cy announcement or the use of any other competitive or merit-based processes by the Department of Defense for candidate pro-posals in support of defense acquisition pro-grams as described in subsection (a).’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking the second 
sentence; 
(3) in paragraph (4)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘be 
funded under the program for more than two years’’ and inserting ‘‘receive more than a total of two years of funding under the pro-gram’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence; and (4) by adding at the end, the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(5) Mechanisms to facilitate transition of 
follow-on or current projects carried out under the program into defense acquisition programs, through the use of the authorities of section 819 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) or such other authorities as may be appropriate to conduct further testing, low rate production, or full rate production of technologies developed under the program. 
‘‘(6) Projects are selected using merit based 
selection procedures and the selection of projects is not subject to undue influence by Congress or other Federal agencies.’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF REPORT REQUIREMENT .—Such 
section is further amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (f); and (2) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (f). 
SEC. 214. REAUTHORIZATION OF GLOBAL RE-
SEARCH WATCH PROGRAM. 
Section 2365 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection 
(b), by inserting ‘‘and private sector per-sons’’ after ‘‘foreign nations’’ both places it appears; and 
(2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 215. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY ACTIVITIES 
TO SUPPORT BUSINESS SYSTEMS IN-FORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACQUISI-TION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
acting through the Undersecretary of Acqui-sition, Technology, and Logistics, the Dep-uty Chief Management Officer, and the Chief Information Officer shall establish a set of 
science, technology, and innovation activi-ties to improve the acquisition outcomes of major automated information systems through improved performance and reduced developmental and life cycle costs. 
(b) E
XECUTION OF ACTIVITIES .—The activi-
ties established under subsection (a) shall be carried out by such military departments and defense agencies as the Under Secretary and the Deputy Chief Management Officer consider appropriate. 
(c) A
CTIVITIES .—The set of activities estab-
lished under subsection (a) may include the following: 
(1) Development of capabilities in Depart-
ment of Defense laboratories, test centers, 
and Federally-funded research and develop-ment centers to provide technical support for acquisition program management and business process re-engineering activities. 
(2) Funding of intramural and extramural 
research and development activities as de-scribed in subsection (d). 
(d) F
UNDING OF INTRAMURAL AND EXTRA -
MURAL RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the set of 
activities required by subsection (a), the Secretary may award grants or contracts to eligible entities to carry out intramural or extramural research and development in areas of interest described in paragraph (3). 
(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—For purposes of this 
subsection, an eligible entity includes the following: 
(A) Entities in the defense industry. (B) Institutions of higher education. (C) Small businesses. (D) Nontraditional defense contractors (as 
defined in section 2302 of title 10, United States Code). 
(E) Federally-funded research and develop-
ment centers, primarily for the purpose of improving technical expertise to support ac-quisition efforts. 
(F) Nonprofit research institutions. (G) Government laboratories and test cen-
ters, primarily for the purpose of improving technical expertise to support acquisition ef-forts. 
(3) A
REAS OF INTEREST .—The areas of inter-
est described in this paragraph are the fol-lowing: 
(A) Management innovation, including per-
sonnel and financial management policy in-novation. 
(B) Business process re-engineering. (C) Systems engineering of information 
technology business systems. 
(D) Cloud computing to support business 
systems and business processes. 
(E) Software development, including sys-
tems and techniques to limit unique inter-faces and simplify processes to customize commercial software to meet the needs of the Department of Defense. 
(F) Hardware development, including sys-
tems and techniques to limit unique inter-faces and simplify processes to customize commercial hardware to meet the needs of the Department of Defense. 
(G) Development of methodologies and 
tools to support development and oper-ational test of large and complex business systems. 
(H) Analysis tools to allow decision makers 
to balance between requirements, costs, technical risks, and schedule in major auto-mated information system acquisition pro-grams 
(I) Information security in major auto-
mated information system systems. 
(J) Innovative acquisition policies and 
practices to streamline acquisition of infor-mation technology systems. 
(K) Such other areas as the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
(e) P
RIORITIES .— 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3474 June 2, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the set of 
activities required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall give priority to— 
(A) projects that— (i) address the innovation and technology 
needs of the Department of Defense; and 
(ii) support activities of initiatives, pro-
grams and offices identified by the Under Secretary and Deputy Chief Management Of-ficer; and 
(B) the projects and programs identified in 
paragraph (2). 
(2) P
ROJECTS AND PROGRAMS IDENTIFIED .— 
The projects and programs identified in this paragraph are the following: 
(A) Major automated information system 
programs. 
(B) Projects and programs under the over-
sight of the Deputy Chief Management Offi-cer. 
(C) Projects and programs relating to de-
fense procurement acquisition policy. 
(D) Projects and programs of the Defense 
Contract Audit Agency. 
(E) Military and civilian personnel policy 
development for information technology workforce. 
SEC. 216. EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR FINAN-
CIAL ASSISTANCE UNDER DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE SCIENCE, MATH-EMATICS, AND RESEARCH FOR TRANSFORMATION PROGRAM TO IN-CLUDE CITIZENS OF COUNTRIES PARTICIPATING IN THE TECHNICAL COOPERATION PROGRAM. 
Section 2192a(b)(1)(A) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or a country the government of which is a party to The Technical Cooperation Program (TTCP) memorandum of understanding of October 24, 1995’’ after ‘‘United States’’. 
SEC. 217. STREAMLINING THE JOINT FEDERATED 
ASSURANCE CENTER. 
Section 937(c)(2) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘, in 
coordination with the Center for Assured Software of the National Security Agency,’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘, in 
coordination with the Defense Microelec-tronics Activity,’’. 
SEC. 218. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DEVELOPMENT OF THE SHALLOW WATER COMBAT SUB-MERSIBLE. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the amounts author-
ized to be appropriated in this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2016 for Special Operations Command for develop-ment of the Shallow Water Combat Submers-ible, not more than 25 percent may be obli-gated or expended until the date that is 15 days after the later of the date on which— 
(1) the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-
quisition, Technology, and Logistics des-ignates a civilian official responsible for oversight and assistance to Special Oper-ations Command for all undersea mobility programs; and 
(2) the Under Secretary, in coordination 
with the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Con-flict, submits to the congressional defense committees the report described in sub-section (b). 
(b) R
EPORT DESCRIBED .—The report de-
scribed in this subsection is a report on the Shallow Water Combat Submersible that in-cludes the following: 
(1) An analysis of the reasons for cost and 
schedule overruns associated with the Shal-low Water Combat Submersible program. 
(2) A revised timeline for initial and full 
operational capability of the Shallow Water Combat Submersible. (3) The projected cost to meet the total 
unit acquisition objective. 
(4) A plan to prevent, identify, and miti-
gate any additional cost and schedule over-runs. 
(5) A description of such opportunities as 
may be to recover cost or schedule. 
(6) A description of such lessons as the 
Under Secretary may have learned from the Shallow Water Combat Submersible program that could be applied to future undersea mo-bility acquisition programs. 
(7) Such other matters as the Under Sec-
retary considers appropriate. 
SEC. 219. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND SYSTEM OF THE ARMY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the amounts author-
ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense by section 201 and available for research, development, test, and evaluation, Army, for the distributed common ground system of the Army as spec-ified in the funding tables in title XLII, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or ex-pended until the Secretary of the Army— 
(1) conducts a review of the program plan-
ning for the distributed common ground sys-tem of the Army; and 
(2) submits to the appropriate congres-
sional committees the report required by subsection (b)(1). 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-
mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report on the review of the distrib-uted common ground system of the Army conducted under subsection (a)(1). 
(2) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A review of the segmentation of Incre-
ment 2 of the distributed common ground system program of the Army into discrete software components with the associated re-quirements of each component. 
(B) Identification of each component of In-
crement 2 of the distributed common ground system of the Army for which commercial software exists that is capable of fulfilling most or all of the system requirements for each such component. 
(C) A cost analysis of each such commer-
cial software that compares performance with projected cost. 
(D) Determination of the degree to which 
commercial software solutions are compliant with the standards required by the frame-work and guidance for the Intelligence Com-munity Information Technology Enterprise, the Defense Intelligence Information Enter-prise, and the Joint Information Environ-ment. 
(E) Identification of each component of In-
crement 2 of the distributed common ground system of the Army that the Secretary de-termines may be acquired through competi-tive means. 
(F) An acquisition plan for Increment 2 of 
the distributed common ground system of the Army that prioritizes the acquisition of commercial software components, including a data integration layer, in time to meet the projected deployment schedule for Increment 2. 
(G) A review of the timetable for the dis-
tributed common ground system program of the Army in order to determine whether there is a practical, executable acquisition strategy, including the use of operational ca-pability demonstrations, that could lead to an initial operating capability of Increment 2 of the distributed common ground system of the Army prior to fiscal year 2017. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
(2) the Select Committee on Intelligence of 
the Senate and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
SEC. 220. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND SYSTEM OF THE UNITED STATES SPECIAL OPERATIONS COM-MAND. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the amounts author-
ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense by section 201 and available for research, development, test, and evaluation, Defense-wide, for the United 
States Special Operations Command for the distributed common ground system, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or ex-pended until the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command submits to the congressional defense committees the report required by subsection (b). 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—The Commander 
shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the distributed com-mon ground system. Such report shall in-clude the following: 
(1) A review of the segmentation of the dis-
tributed common ground system special op-erations forces program into discrete soft-ware components with the associated re-quirements of each component. 
(2) Identification of each component of the 
distributed common ground system special operations forces program for which com-mercial software exists that is capable of ful-filling most or all of the system require-ments for each such component. 
(3) A cost analysis of each such commercial 
software that compares performance with projected cost. 
(4) A determination of the degree to which 
commercial software solutions are compliant with the standards required by the frame-work and guidance for the Intelligence Com-munity Information Technology Enterprise, the Defense Intelligence Information Enter-prise, and the Joint Information Environ-ment. 
(5) Identification of each component of the 
distributed common ground system special operations forces program that the Com-mander determines may be acquired through competitive means. 
(6) An assessment of the extent to which 
elements of the distributed common ground system special operations forces program could be modified to increase commercial ac-quisition opportunities. 
(7) An acquisition plan that leads to full 
operational capability prior to fiscal year 2019. 
Subtitle C—Other Matters 
SEC. 231. ASSESSMENT OF AIR-LAND MOBILE 
TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND DATA NETWORK REQUIREMENTS AND CAPABILITIES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Director 
of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, in consultation with the Director of Oper-ational Test and Evaluation, shall contract with an independent entity to conduct a comprehensive assessment of current and fu-ture requirements and capabilities of the De-partment of Defense with respect to an air- land ad hoc, mobile tactical communica-tions, and data network, including the tech-nological feasibility, suitability, and surviv-ability of such a network. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required 
under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing elements: 
(1) Concepts, capabilities, and capacities of 
current or future communications and data network systems to meet the requirements of current or future tactical operations effec-tively, efficiently, and affordably. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3475 June 2, 2015 
(2) Software requirements and capabilities, 
particularly with respect to communications and data network waveforms. 
(3) Hardware requirements and capabili-
ties, particularly with respect to receiver/ transmission technology, tactical commu-nications, and data radios at all levels and on all platforms, all associated technologies, and their integration, compatibility, and interoperability. 
(4) Any other matters that in the judgment 
of the independent entity are relevant or necessary to a comprehensive assessment of tactical networks or networking. 
(c) I
NDEPENDENT ENTITY .—The Director of 
Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall select an independent entity with di-rect, long-standing, and demonstrated expe-rience and expertise in program test and evaluation of concepts, requirements, and technologies for joint tactical communica-
tions and data networking to perform the as-sessment under subsection (a). 
(d) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 
April 30, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense commit-ments a report including the findings and recommendations of the assessment con-ducted under subsection (a), together with the Secretary’s comments. 
(e) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—The Secretary 
of Defense shall use funds authorized by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for Operation and Maintenance, De-fense-wide to carry out activities under this section. 
(f) L
IMITATION ON OBLIGATION OF FUNDS .— 
The Secretary of the Army may not obligate or expend more than 50 percent of the funds authorized by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for Other Pro-curement, Army and available for the Warfighter Information Network—Tactical (Increment 2) until the Secretary of Defense submits the report required under subsection (d). 
SEC. 232. STUDY OF FIELD FAILURES INVOLVING 
COUNTERFEIT ELECTRONIC PARTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall conduct a hardware assurance study to assess the presence, scope, and effect on De-partment of Defense operations of counter-feit electronic parts that have passed through the Department supply chain and into field systems. 
(b) E
XECUTION AND TECHNICAL ANALYSIS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall direct 
the federation established under section 937(a)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) to coordinate exe-cution of the study required by subsection (a) using capabilities of the Department in effect on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act to conduct technical analysis on a sample of failed electronic parts in field systems. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The technical analysis re-
quired by paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) Selection of a representative sample of 
electronic component types, including dig-ital, mixed-signal, and analog integrated cir-cuits. 
(B) An assessment of the presence of coun-
terfeit parts, including causes and attributes of failures of any identified counterfeit part. 
(C) For components found to have counter-
feit parts present, an assessment of the im-pact of the counterfeit part in the failure mechanism. 
(D) For cases with counterfeit parts con-
tributing to the failure, a determination of the failure attributes, factors, and effects on subsystem and system level reliability, read-iness, and performance. 
(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—As part of the 
study required by subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall develop recommendations for 
such legislative and administrative action, including budget requirements, as the Sec-retary considers necessary to conduct sam-pling and technical hardware analysis of counterfeit parts in identified areas of high concern. 
(d) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 540 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the study carried out under subsection (a). 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) The findings of the Secretary with re-
spect to the study conducted under sub-section (a). 
(B) The recommendations developed under 
subsection (c). 
SEC. 233. DEMONSTRATION OF PERSISTENT 
CLOSE AIR SUPPORT CAPABILITIES. 
(a) J OINT DEMONSTRATION REQUIRED .—The 
Secretary of the Air Force, the Secretary of the Army, and the Director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency shall jointly conduct a demonstration of the Per-sistent Close Air Support (PCAS) capability in fiscal year 2016. 
(b) P
ARAMETERS OF DEMONSTRATION .— 
(1) S ELECTION AND EQUIPMENT OF AIR -
CRAFT .—As part of the demonstration re-
quired by subsection (a), the Secretary of the Air Force shall select and equip at least two aircraft for use in the demonstration that the Secretary otherwise intends to use for close air support, as identified by the United States Air Force Close Air Support Forum. 
(2) C
LOSE AIR SUPPORT OPERATIONS .—The 
demonstration required by subsection (a) shall include close air support operations that involve the following: 
(A) Multiple tactical radio networks rep-
resenting diverse ground force user commu-nities. 
(B) Two-way digital exchanges of situa-
tional awareness data, video, and calls for fire between aircraft and ground users with-out modification to aircraft operational flight profiles. 
(C) Real-time sharing of blue force, air-
craft, and target location data to reduce risks of fratricide. 
(D) Lightweight digital tools based on 
commercial-off-the-shelf technology for pi-lots and joint tactical air controllers. 
(E) Operations in simple and complex oper-
ating environments. 
(c) A
SSESSMENT .—The Secretary of the Air 
Force, the Secretary of the Army, and the Director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency shall jointly— 
(1) assess the effect of the capabilities dem-
onstrated as part of the demonstration re-quired by subsection (a) on— 
(A) the time required to conduct close air 
support operations; 
(B) the effectiveness of blue force in 
achieving tactical objectives; and 
(C) the risk of fratricide and collateral 
damage; and 
(2) estimate the costs that would be in-
curred in transitioning the technology used in the Persistent Close Air Support capa-bility to the Army and the Air Force. 
SEC. 234. AIRBORNE DATA LINK PLAN. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—The Under Secretary 
of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly, in consultation with the Secretary of the Air Force and the Secretary of the Navy, develop a plan— 
(1) to provide objective survivable commu-
nications gateways to enable— 
(A) the secure dissemination of national 
and tactical intelligence information to fourth-generation fighter aircraft and sup-porting airborne platforms and to low-ob-
servable penetrating platforms such as the F–22 and F–35; and 
(B) the secure reception and dissemination 
of sensor data from low-observable pene-trating aircraft, such as the F–22 and F–35; 
(2) to provide secure data sharing between 
the fifth-generation fighter aircraft of the Air Force, Navy, and Marine Corps, with minimal changes to the outer surfaces of the aircraft and to aircraft operational flight programs; and 
(3) to enable secure data sharing between 
fifth-generation and fourth-generation air-craft in jamming environments. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL PLAN REQUIREMENTS .—The 
plan required by subsection (a) shall include non-proprietary and open systems ap-proaches that are compatible with the Rapid Capabilities Office Open Mission Systems initiative of the Air Force and the Future Airborne Capability Environment initiative of the Navy. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION .—No funds may be obli-
gated or expended by the Department of De-fense on the interim communications initia-tives identified as Talon Hate and Multi-Do-main Adaptable Processing System until the congressional defense committees are briefed by the Under Secretary or the Vice Chair-man about the plan required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 235. REPORT ON TECHNOLOGY READINESS 
LEVELS OF THE TECHNOLOGIES AND CAPABILITIES CRITICAL TO THE LONG RANGE STRIKE BOMBER AIRCRAFT. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on the Technology Readi-ness Levels (TRLs) of the technologies and capabilities critical to the Long Range Strike Bomber aircraft. 
(b) R
EVIEW BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF  
THEUNITED STATES .—Not later than 60 days 
after the report of the Secretary is sub-mitted under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall review the report and submit to the congressional de-fense committees an assessment of the mat-ters contained in the report. 
TITLE III—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for ex-penses, not otherwise provided for, for oper-ation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4301. 
Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
SEC. 311. MODIFICATION OF ENERGY MANAGE-
MENT REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 2925(a) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraphs (4) and (7); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), (8), 
(9), (10), (11), and (12) as paragraphs (4), (5), (6), (7), (8), (9), and (10), respectively; 
(3) by amending paragraph (7), as redesig-
nated by paragraph (2) of this section, to read as follows: 
‘‘(7) A description and estimate of the 
progress made by the military departments in meeting current high performance and sustainable building standards under the Unified Facilities Criteria.’’; 
(4) by amending paragraph (9), as redesig-
nated by such paragraph (2), to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(9) Details of all commercial utility out-
ages caused by threats and those caused by hazards at military installations that last eight hours or longer, whether or not the 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3476 June 2, 2015 
outage was mitigated by backup power, in-
cluding non-commercial utility outages and Department of Defense-owned infrastructure, including the total number and location of outages, the financial impact of the outages, and measure taken to mitigate outages in the future at the affected locations and across the Department of Defense.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(11) At the discretion of the Secretary of 
Defense, a classified annex, as appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 312. REPORT ON EFFORTS TO REDUCE HIGH 
ENERGY COSTS AT MILITARY IN-STALLATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT .— 
(1) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 270 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition, Technology, and Logistics, in con-junction with the assistant secretaries re-sponsible for installations and environment for the military services and the Defense Lo-gistics Agency, shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report detailing the efforts to achieve cost savings at mili-tary installations with high energy costs. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) A comprehensive, installation-specific 
assessment of feasible and mission-appro-priate energy initiatives supporting energy production and consumption at military in-stallations with high energy costs. 
(B) An assessment of current sources of en-
ergy in areas with high energy costs and po-tential future sources that are techno-logically feasible, cost-effective, and mis-sion-appropriate for military installations. 
(C) A comprehensive implementation 
strategy to include required investment for feasible energy efficiency options determined to be the most beneficial and cost-effective, where appropriate, and consistent with De-partment of Defense priorities. 
(D) An explanation on how military serv-
ices are working collaboratively in order to leverage lessons learned on potential energy efficiency solutions. 
(E) An assessment of extent of which ac-
tivities administered under the Federal En-ergy Management Program could be used to assist with the implementation strategy. 
(F) An assessment of State and local part-
nership opportunities that could achieve effi-ciency and cost savings, and any legislative authorities required to carry out such part-nerships or agreements. 
(3) C
OORDINATION WITH STATE AND LOCAL  
AND OTHER ENTITIES .—In preparing the report 
required under paragraph (1), the Under Sec-retary may work in conjunction and coordi-nate with the States containing areas of high energy costs, local communities, and other Federal departments and agencies. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term 
‘‘high energy costs’’ means costs for the pro-vision of energy by kilowatt of electricity or British Thermal Unit of heat or steam for a military installation in the United States that is in the highest 20 percent of all mili-tary installations for a military department. 
SEC. 313. SOUTHERN SEA OTTER MILITARY READ-
INESS AREAS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF THE SOUTHERN SEA 
OTTER MILITARY READINESS AREAS .—Chapter 
631 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 7235. Establishment of the Southern Sea 
Otter Military Readiness Areas 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of the 
Navy shall establish areas, to be known as ‘Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas’, for national defense purposes. Such areas shall include each of the following: ‘‘(1) The area that includes Naval Base 
Ventura County, San Nicolas Island, and Begg Rock and the adjacent and surrounding waters within the following coordinates: 
‘‘N. Latitude/W. Longitude 
33°27.8′/119°34.3′
33°20.5′/119°15.5′
33°13.5′/119°11.8′
33°06.5′/119°15.3′
33°02.8′/119°26.8′
33°08.8′/119°46.3′
33°17.2′/119°56.9′
33°30.9′/119°54.2′. 
‘‘(2) The area that includes Naval Base 
Coronado, San Clemente Island and the adja-cent and surrounding waters running par-allel to shore to 3 nautical miles from the high tide line designated by part 165 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, on May 20, 2010, as the San Clemente Island 3NM Safety Zone. 
‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES WITHIN THE SOUTHERN SEA 
OTTER MILITARY READINESS AREAS .— 
‘‘(1) I NCIDENTAL TAKINGS UNDER ENDAN -
GERED SPECIES ACT OF 1973 .—Sections 4 and 9 
of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533, 1538) shall not apply with respect to the incidental taking of any southern sea otter in the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas in the course of conducting a military readiness activity. 
‘‘(2) I
NCIDENTAL TAKINGS UNDER MARINE  
MAMMAL PROTECTION ACT OF 1972 .—Sections 
101 and 102 of the Marine Mammal Protec-tion Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1371, 1372) shall not apply with respect to the incidental taking of any southern sea otter in the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas in the course of conducting a military readiness ac-tivity. 
‘‘(3) T
REATMENT AS SPECIES PROPOSED TO BE  
LISTED .—For purposes of conducting a mili-
tary readiness activity, any southern sea otter while within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas shall be treated for the purposes of section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) as a mem-ber of a species that is proposed to be listed as an endangered species or a threatened spe-cies under section 4 of the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533). 
‘‘(c) R
EMOVAL .—Nothing in this section or 
any other Federal law shall be construed to require that any southern sea otter located within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas be removed from the Areas. 
‘‘(d) R
EVISION OR TERMINATION OF EXCEP -
TIONS .—The Secretary of the Interior may 
revise or terminate the application of sub-section (b) if the Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with the Secretary of the Navy and the Marine Mammal Commission, deter-mines that military activities occurring in the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas are impeding the southern sea otter conservation or the return of southern sea otters to optimum sustainable population levels. 
‘‘(e) M
ONITORING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the 
Navy shall conduct monitoring and research within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas to determine the effects of military readiness activities on the growth or decline of the southern sea otter popu-lation and on the near-shore ecosystem. Monitoring and research parameters and methods shall be determined in consultation with the Service and the Marine Mammal 
Commission. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 24 months 
after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion and every three years thereafter, the Secretary of the Navy shall report to Con-gress and the public on monitoring under-taken pursuant to paragraph (1). ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) S OUTHERN SEA OTTER .—The term 
‘southern sea otter’ means any member of the subspecies Enhydra lutris nereis. 
‘‘(2) T
AKE.—The term ‘take’— 
‘‘(A) when used in reference to activities 
subject to regulation by the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), shall have the meaning given such term in that Act; and 
‘‘(B) when used in reference to activities 
subject to regulation by the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1361 et seq.) shall have the meaning given such term in that Act. 
‘‘(3) I
NCIDENTAL TAKING .—The term ‘inci-
dental taking’ means any take of a southern sea otter that is incidental to, and not the purpose of, the carrying out of an otherwise lawful activity. 
‘‘(4) M
ILITARY READINESS ACTIVITY .—The 
term ‘military readiness activity’ has the meaning given that term in section 315(f) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (16 U.S.C. 703 note) and includes all training and oper-ations of the armed forces that relate to combat and the adequate and realistic test-ing of military equipment, vehicles, weap-ons, and sensors for proper operation and suitability for combat use. 
‘‘(5) O
PTIMUM SUSTAINABLE POPULATION .— 
The term ‘optimum sustainable population’ means, with respect to any population stock, the number of animals that will result in the maximum productivity of the population or the species, keeping in mind the carrying ca-pacity of the habitat and the health of the ecosystem of which they form a constituent element.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘7235. Establishment of the Southern Sea 
Otter Military Readiness Areas.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1 of 
Public Law 99–625 (16 U.S.C. 1536 note) is re-pealed. 
Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment 
SEC. 321. REPEAL OF LIMITATION ON AUTHORITY 
TO ENTER INTO A CONTRACT FOR THE SUSTAINMENT, MAINTENANCE, REPAIR, OR OVERHAUL OF THE F117 ENGINE. 
Section 341 of the Carl Levin and Howard 
P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3345) is repealed. 
Subtitle D—Reports 
SEC. 331. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON 
PREPOSITIONED MATERIEL AND EQUIPMENT. 
Section 2229a(a)(8) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(8) A list of any equipment used in sup-
port of contingency operations slated for ret-rograde and subsequent inclusion in the prepositioned stocks.’’. 
Subtitle E—Limitations and Extensions of 
Authority 
SEC. 341. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR 
TRANSFERRING AIRCRAFT WITHIN THE AIR FORCE INVENTORY. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS .—Sec-
tion 345 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 8062 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking the first sentence and in-
serting the following: ‘‘Before making an air-craft transfer described in subsection (c), the Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure that a written agreement regarding such transfer has been entered into between the Chief of 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3477 June 2, 2015 
Staff of the Air Force and the Director of the 
Air National Guard or the Chief of Air Force Reserve.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘depot’’; (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(b) S
UBMITTAL OF AGREEMENTS TO THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND CONGRESS .—The 
Secretary of the Air Force may not take any action to transfer an aircraft until the Sec-retary ensures that the Air Force has com-plied with applicable Department of Defense regulations and, for a transfer described in subsection (c)(1), until the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees an agreement entered into pursuant to sub-section (a) regarding the transfer of the air-craft.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsections: 
‘‘(c) C
OVERED AIRCRAFT TRANSFERS .—(1) An 
aircraft transfer described in this subsection is the transfer (other than as specified in paragraph (2)) from a reserve component of the Air Force to the regular component of the Air Force of— 
‘‘(A) the permanent assignment of an air-
craft that terminates a reserve component’s equitable interest in the aircraft; or 
‘‘(B) possession of an aircraft for a period 
in excess of 90 days. 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) does not apply to the 
following: 
‘‘(A) A routine temporary transfer of pos-
session of an aircraft from a reserve compo-nent that is made solely for the benefit of the reserve component for the purpose of maintenance, upgrade, conversion, modifica-tion, or testing and evaluation. 
‘‘(B) A routine permanent transfer of as-
signment of an aircraft that terminates a re-serve component’s equitable interest in the aircraft if notice of the transfer has pre-viously been provided to the congressional defense committees and the transfer has been approved by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to Department of Defense regula-tions. 
‘‘(C) A transfer described in paragraph 
(1)(A) when there is a reciprocal permanent assignment of an aircraft from the regular component of the Air Force to the reserve component that does not degrade the capa-bility of, or reduce the total number of, air-craft assigned to the reserve component. 
‘‘(d) R
ETURN OF AIRCRAFT AFTER ROUTINE  
TEMPORARY TRANSFER .—In the case of an air-
craft transferred from a reserve component of the Air Force to the regular component of the Air Force for which an agreement under subsection (a) is not required by reason of subparagraph (A) of subsection (c)(2), posses-sion of the aircraft shall be transferred back to the reserve component upon completion of the work described in such subparagraph.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection 
(a)(7) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘Commander of the Air Force Reserve Com-mand’’ and inserting ‘‘Chief of Air Force Re-serve’’. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO DELETE  
REFERENCES TO AIRCRAFT OWNERSHIP .—Sub-
section (a) of such section is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘the ownership of’’ each place it appears. 
SEC. 342. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE SPONSOR-SHIPS, ADVERTISING, OR MAR-KETING ASSOCIATED WITH SPORTS- RELATED ORGANIZATIONS OR SPORTING EVENTS. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated 
for the Department of Defense by this Act or otherwise made available to the Department may be used for any sponsorship, adver-tising, or marketing associated with a sports-related organization or sporting event until the Under Secretary of Defense for Per-sonnel and Readiness, in consultation with 
the Director of Accessions Policy— 
(1) conducts a review of current contracts 
and task orders for such sponsorships, adver-tising, and marketing (as awarded by the regular and reserve components of the Armed Forces) in order to assess— 
(A) whether such sponsorships, advertising, 
and marketing are effective in meeting the recruiting objectives of the Department; 
(B) whether consistent metrics are used to 
evaluate the effectiveness of each such activ-ity in generating leads and recruit acces-sions; and 
(C) whether the return on investment for 
such activities is sufficient to warrant con-tinuing use of Department funds for such ac-tivities; and 
(2) submits to the Committees on Armed 
Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report that includes— 
(A) a description of the actions being taken 
to coordinate efforts of the Department re-lating to such sponsorships, advertising, and marketing, and to minimize duplicative con-tracts for such sponsorships, advertising, and marketing, as applicable; and 
(B) the results of the review required by 
paragraph (1), including an assessment of the extent to which continuing use of Depart-ment funds for such sponsorships, adver-tising, and marketing is warranted in light of the review and the actions described pur-suant to subparagraph (A). 
SEC. 343. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TO EXTEND 
CONTRACTS AND LEASES UNDER ARMS INITIATIVE. 
Contracts or subcontracts entered into 
pursuant to section 4554(a)(3)(A) of title 10, United States Code, on or before the date that is five years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act may include an option to extend the term of the contract or sub-contract for an additional 25 years. 
Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 351. STREAMLINING OF DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE MANAGEMENT AND OPER-ATIONAL HEADQUARTERS. 
(a) C OMPREHENSIVE REVIEW OF HEAD-
QUARTERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall conduct a comprehensive review of the management and operational headquarters of the Department of Defense for purposes of consolidating and streamlining headquarters functions. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by 
paragraph (1) shall address the following: 
(A) The extent, if any, to which the staff of 
the Secretaries of the military departments and the Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces have duplicative staff functions and services and could be consolidated into a single serv-ice staff. 
(B) The extent, if any, to which the staff of 
the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the military departments, the Defense Agencies, and temporary organizations have duplica-tive staff functions and services and could be streamlined with respect to— 
(i) performing oversight and making pol-
icy; 
(ii) performing staff functions and services 
specific to the military department con-cerned; 
(iii) performing multi-department staff 
functions and services; and 
(iv) performing functions and services 
across the Department of Defense with re-spect to intelligence collection and analysis. 
(C) The extent, if any, to which the Joint 
Staff, the combatant commands, and their subordinate service component commands have duplicative staff functions and services that could be shared, consolidated, elimi-nated, or otherwise streamlined with— 
(i) the Joint Staff performing oversight 
and execution; (ii) the staff of the combatant commands 
performing only staff functions and services specific to the combatant command con-cerned; and 
(iii) the staff of the service component 
commands of the combatant commands per-forming only staff functions and services specific to the service component command concerned. 
(D) The extent, if any, to which reductions 
in military and civilian end-strength in man-agement or operational headquarters could be used to create, build, or fill shortages in force structure for operational units. 
(E) The extent, if any, to which revisions 
are required to the Defense Officers Per-sonnel Management Act, including require-ments for officers to serve in joint billets, the number of qualifying billets, the rank structure in the joint billets, and the joint qualification requirement for officers to be promoted while serving for extensive periods in critical positions such as program man-agers of major defense acquisition programs, and officers in units of component forces supporting joint commands, in order to achieve efficiencies, provide promotion fair-ness and equity, and obtain effective govern-ance in the management of the Department of Defense. 
(F) The structure and staffing of the Joint 
Staff, and the number, structure, and staff-ing of the combatant commands and their subordinate service component commands, including, in particular— 
(i) whether or not the staff organization of 
each such entity has documented and peri-odically validated requirements for such en-tity; 
(ii) whether or not there are an appropriate 
number of combatant commands relative to the requirements of the National Security Strategy, the Quadrennial Defense Review, and the National Military Strategy; and 
(iii) whether or not opportunities exist to 
consolidate staff functions and services com-mon to the Joint Staff and the service com-ponent commands into a single staff organi-zation that provides the required functions, services, capabilities, and capacities to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and supported combatant commanders, and if so— 
(I) where in the organizational structure 
such staff functions, services, capabilities, and capacities would be established; and 
(II) whether or not the military depart-
ments could execute such staff functions, services, capabilities, and capacities while executing their requirements to organize, train, and equip the Armed Forces. 
(G) The statutory and regulatory authority 
of the combatant commands to establish subordinate joint commands or head-quarters, including joint task forces, led by a general or flag officer, and the extent, if any, to which the combatant commands have used such authority— 
(i) to establish temporary or permanent 
subordinate joint commands or head-quarters, including joint task forces, led by general or flag officers; 
(ii) to disestablish temporary or permanent 
subordinate joint commands or head-quarters, including joint task forces, led by general or flag officers; 
(iii) to increase requirements for general 
and flag officers in the joint pool which are exempt from the end strength limitations otherwise applicable to general and flag offi-cers in the Armed Forces; 
(iv) to participate in the management of 
joint officer qualification in order to ensure the efficient and effective quality and quan-tity of officers needed to staff headquarters functions and services and return to the services officers with required professional experience and skills necessary to remain 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3478 June 2, 2015 
competitive for increased responsibility and 
authority through subsequent assignment or promotion, including by identifying— 
(I) circumstances, if any, in which officers 
spend a disproportionate amount of time in their careers to attain joint officer qualifica-tions with corresponding loss of opportuni-ties to develop in the service-specific assign-ments needed to gain the increased pro-ficiency and experience to qualify for service and command assignments; and 
(II) circumstances, if any, in which the 
military departments detail officers to joint headquarters staffs in order to maximize the number of officers receiving joint duty credit with a focus on the quantity, instead of the quality, of officers achieving joint duty cred-it; 
(v) to establish commanders’ strategic 
planning groups, advisory groups, or similar parallel personal staff entities that could risk isolating function and staff processes, including an assessment of the justification used to establish such personal staff organi-zations and their impact on the effectiveness and efficiency of organizational staff func-tions, services, capabilities, and capacities; and 
(vi) to ensure the identification and man-
agement of officers serving or having served in units in subordinate service component or joint commands during combat operations and did not receive joint credit for such serv-ice. 
(3) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall, to 
the extent practicable and as the Secretary considers appropriate, conduct the review re-quired by paragraph (1) in consultation with such experts on matters covered by the re-view who are independent of the Department of Defense. 
(4) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2016, 
the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report setting forth the results of the review required by paragraph (1). 
(b) P
LAN ON REDUCTION IN AMOUNTS USED 
FOR ADMINISTRATION IN FISCAL YEARS 2016 
THROUGH 2019.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than January 31, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees, and implement, a plan designed to ensure that the amount used by the Department of Defense for administration from amounts au-thorized to be appropriated for a fiscal year for operation and maintenance shall be as follows: 
(A) In fiscal year 2016, an amount that is 
7.5 percent less than the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2015 for op-eration and maintenance, Defense-wide, and available for administration (in this para-graph referred to as the ‘‘fiscal year 2015 ad-ministration amount’’). 
(B) In fiscal year 2017, an amount that is 15 
percent less than the fiscal year 2015 admin-istration amount. 
(C) In fiscal year 2018, an amount that is 
22.5 percent less than the fiscal year 2015 ad-ministration amount. 
(D) In fiscal year 2019, an amount that is 30 
percent less than the fiscal year 2015 admin-istration amount. 
(2) A
CHIEVEMENT OF REDUCTIONS .—As part 
of meeting the requirements in paragraph (1), the plan shall provide for reductions in personnel (including military and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense and contract personnel in support of the Depart-ment) in the Office of the Secretary of De-fense, the secretariats and military staffs of the military departments, the staffs of the Defense Agencies, the staffs of the Joint Staff, the staffs of the combatant commands, and the staffs of their subordinate service component commands. (3) E
XCLUSION .—The plan may not meet the 
requirements in paragraph (1) through reduc-tions in funding for administration for the following: 
(A) The United States Special Operations 
Command. 
(B) The Department of Defense Education 
Activity. 
(C) Any classified program. (D) Any program relating to sexual assault 
prevention and response. 
(c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED  
STATES REPORTS .—Not later than 90 days 
after the end of each of fiscal years 2016, 2017, 2018, and 2019, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report setting forth the assessment of the Comptroller Gen-eral of the extent to which the Department of Defense met the applicable requirement in subsection (b)(1) during such fiscal year. 
(d) L
IMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS  
FOR CONTRACT PERSONNEL SUPPORT FOR  
OSD.—In each of fiscal years 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020, amounts authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense and available for the Office of the Secretary of Defense may not be obligated or expended for contract personnel in support of the Office of the Secretary of Defense until the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional de-fense committees that the applicable re-quirement in subsection (b)(1) was met dur-ing the preceding fiscal year. 
SEC. 352. ADOPTION OF RETIRED MILITARY 
WORKING DOGS. 
(a) T RANSFER FOR ADOPTION .—Subsection 
(f) of section 2583 of title 10, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘may transfer’’ and inserting ‘‘shall transfer’’. 
(b) P
REFERENCE IN ADOPTION FOR FORMER  
HANDLERS .—Such section is further amend-
ed— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (h); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-
lowing new subsection (g): 
‘‘(g) P REFERENCE IN ADOPTION OF RETIRED  
MILITARY WORKING DOGS FOR FORMER HAN-
DLERS .—(1) In providing for the adoption 
under this section of a retired military work-ing dog described in paragraph (1) or (3) of subsection (a), the Secretary of the military department concerned shall accord a pref-erence to the former handler of the dog un-less the Secretary determines that adoption of the dog by the former handler would not be in the best interests of the dog. 
‘‘(2) In the case of a dog covered by para-
graph (1) with more than one former handler seeking adoption of the dog at the time of adoption, the Secretary shall provide for the adoption of the dog by such former handler whose adoption of the dog will best serve the interests of the dog and such former han-dlers. The Secretary shall make any deter-mination required by this paragraph with re-spect to a dog following consultation with the kennel master of the unit at which the dog was last located before adoption under this section. 
‘‘(3) Nothing in this subsection shall be 
construed as altering, revising, or overriding any policy of a military department for the adoption of military working dogs by law en-forcement agencies before the end of the dogs’ useful lives.’’. 
SEC. 353. MODIFICATION OF REQUIRED REVIEW 
OF PROJECTS RELATING TO POTEN-TIAL OBSTRUCTIONS TO AVIATION. 
Section 358 of the Ike Skelton National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4200; 49 U.S.C. 44718 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘from 
State and local officials or the developer of a renewable energy development or other en-
ergy project’’ and inserting ‘‘from a State government, an Indian tribal government, a local government, a landowner, or the devel-oper of an energy project’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘readi-
ness, and’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘readiness and to clearly communicate actions being taken by the Department of Defense to the party requesting an early project review under this section.’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘as 
high, medium, or low’’; and 
(3) in subsection (j), by adding at the end 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) The term ‘landowner’ means a person 
or other legal entity that owns a fee interest in real property on which a proposed energy project is planned to be located.’’. 
SEC. 354. PILOT PROGRAM ON INTENSIVE IN-
STRUCTION IN CERTAIN ASIAN LAN-GUAGES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary of Defense may, in consultation with the National Security Education Board, carry out a pilot program to assess the feasi-bility and advisability of providing scholar-ships in accordance with the David L. Boren National Security Education Act of 1991 (50 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) to individuals otherwise eligible for scholarships under that Act for intensive language instruction in a covered Asian language. 
(b) C
OVERED ASIAN LANGUAGE .—For pur-
poses of this section, a covered Asian lan-guage is any of the five Asian languages that would be treated as a language in which defi-ciencies exist for purposes of section 802(a)(1)(A) of the David L. Boren National Security Education Act of 1991 (50 U.S.C. 1902(a)(2)(A)) if the National Security Edu-cation Board could treat an additional five Asian languages as a language in which such deficiencies exist. 
(c) U
SE OF SCHOLARSHIPS .—Notwith-
standing any provision of the David L. Boren National Security Education Act of 1991, a scholarship awarded pursuant to the pilot program may be used for intensive language instruction in— 
(1) the United States; or (2) a country in which the covered Asian 
language concerned is spoken by a signifi-cant portion of the population (as deter-mined by the Secretary for purposes of the pilot program). 
(d) N
ATIONAL SECURITY EDUCATION BOARD  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Na-
tional Security Education Board’’ means the National Security Education Board estab-lished pursuant to section 803 of the David L. Boren National Security Education Act of 1991 (50 U.S.C. 1903). 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—No scholarship may be 
awarded under the pilot program after the date that is five years after the date on which the pilot program is established. 
TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Active Forces 
SEC. 401. END STRENGTHS FOR ACTIVE FORCES. 
The Armed Forces are authorized 
strengths for active duty personnel as of September 30, 2016, as follows: 
(1) The Army, 475,000. (2) The Navy, 329,200. (3) The Marine Corps, 184,000. (4) The Air Force, 317,000. 
SEC. 402. ENHANCEMENT OF AUTHORITY FOR 
MANAGEMENT OF END STRENGTHS FOR MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SPECIFICATION OF PERMA -
NENT ENDSTRENGTHS TO SUPPORT TWO 
MAJOR REGIONAL CONTINGENCIES .— 
(1) R EPEAL .—Section 691 of title 10, United 
States Code, is repealed. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3479 June 2, 2015 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 39 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 691. 
(b) E
NHANCED AUTHORITY FOR END 
STRENGTH MANAGEMENT .— 
(1) S ECRETARY OF DEFENSE AUTHORITY .— 
Subsection (f) of section 115 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘increase’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘vary’’. 
(2) S
ERVICE SECRETARY AUTHORITY .—Sub-
section (g) of such section is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘increase’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘vary’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘increase’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘vari-ance’’. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
SEC. 411. END STRENGTHS FOR SELECTED RE-
SERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Armed Forces are au-
thorized strengths for Selected Reserve per-sonnel of the reserve components as of Sep-tember 30, 2016, as follows: 
(1) The Army National Guard of the United 
States, 342,000. 
(2) The Army Reserve, 198,000. (3) The Navy Reserve, 57,400. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 38,900. (5) The Air National Guard of the United 
States, 105,500. 
(6) The Air Force Reserve, 69,200. (7) The Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. 
(b) E
NDSTRENGTH REDUCTIONS .—The end 
strengths prescribed by subsection (a) for the Selected Reserve of any reserve component shall be proportionately reduced by— 
(1) the total authorized strength of units 
organized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component which are on ac-tive duty (other than for training) at the end of the fiscal year; and 
(2) the total number of individual members 
not in units organized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component who are on active duty (other than for training or for unsatisfactory participation in training) without their consent at the end of the fiscal year. 
(c) E
NDSTRENGTH INCREASES .—Whenever 
units or individual members of the Selected Reserve of any reserve component are re-leased from active duty during any fiscal year, the end strength prescribed for such fiscal year for the Selected Reserve of such reserve component shall be increased propor-tionately by the total authorized strengths of such units and by the total number of such individual members. 
SEC. 412. END STRENGTHS FOR RESERVES ON AC-
TIVE DUTY IN SUPPORT OF THE RE-SERVES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Several States routinely recruit and re-
tain members of the Army National Guard of the United States in excess of State author-izations to offset States that do not recruit to State authorizations. 
(2) The States that routinely recruit and 
retain members of the Army National Guard of the United States in excess of authoriza-tions do not receive any extra full-time oper-ational support duty personnel to support excess members. 
(b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that the National Guard Bureau should account for States that routinely re-cruit and retain members in excess of State authorizations when allocating full-time operational support duty personnel. 
(c) E
ND STRENGTHS .—Within the end 
strengths prescribed in section 411(a), the re-serve components of the Armed Forces are authorized, as of September 30, 2016, the fol-lowing number of Reserves to be serving on 
full-time active duty or full-time duty, in the case of members of the National Guard, for the purpose of organizing, administering, recruiting, instructing, or training the re-serve components: 
(1) The Army National Guard of the United 
States, 30,770. 
(2) The Army Reserve, 16,261. (3) The Navy Reserve, 9,934. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 2,260. (5) The Air National Guard of the United 
States, 14,748. 
(6) The Air Force Reserve, 3,032. 
(d) A
LLOCATION AMONG STATES .—In allo-
cating Reserves on full-time duty in the Army National Guard of the United States authorized by subsection (c)(1) among the States, the Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau shall take into account the actual num-ber of members of the Army National Guard of the United States serving in each State as 
of September 30 each year. 
SEC. 413. END STRENGTHS FOR MILITARY TECH-
NICIANS (DUAL STATUS). 
The minimum number of military techni-
cians (dual status) as of the last day of fiscal year 2016 for the reserve components of the Army and the Air Force (notwithstanding section 129 of title 10, United States Code) shall be the following: 
(1) For the Army National Guard of the 
United States, 26,099. 
(2) For the Army Reserve, 7,395. (3) For the Air National Guard of the 
United States, 22,104. 
(4) For the Air Force Reserve, 9,814. 
SEC. 414. FISCAL YEAR 2016 LIMITATION ON NUM-
BER OF NON-DUAL STATUS TECHNI-CIANS. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .— 
(1) N ATIONAL GUARD .—Within the limita-
tion provided in section 10217(c)(2) of title 10, United States Code, the number of non-dual status technicians employed by the National Guard as of September 30, 2016, may not ex-ceed the following: 
(A) For the Army National Guard of the 
United States, 1,600. 
(B) For the Air National Guard of the 
United States, 350. 
(2) A
RMY RESERVE .—The number of non- 
dual status technicians employed by the Army Reserve as of September 30, 2016, may not exceed 595. 
(3) A
IR FORCE RESERVE .—The number of 
non-dual status technicians employed by the Air Force Reserve as of September 30, 2016, may not exceed 90. 
(b) N
ON-DUAL STATUS TECHNICIANS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘non-dual 
status technician’’ has the meaning given that term in section 10217(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 415. MAXIMUM NUMBER OF RESERVE PER-
SONNEL AUTHORIZED TO BE ON AC-TIVE DUTY FOR OPERATIONAL SUP-PORT. 
During fiscal year 2016, the maximum num-
ber of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces who may be serving at any time on full-time operational support duty under section 115(b) of title 10, United States Code, is the following: 
(1) The Army National Guard of the United 
States, 17,000. 
(2) The Army Reserve, 13,000. (3) The Navy Reserve, 6,200. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 3,000. (5) The Air National Guard of the United 
States, 16,000. 
(6) The Air Force Reserve, 14,000. 
SEC. 416. CHIEF OF THE NATIONAL GUARD BU-
REAU AUTHORITY TO INCREASE CERTAIN END STRENGTHS APPLICA-BLE TO THE ARMY NATIONAL GUARD. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Subject to subsection (b), 
the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may increase each of the end strengths for fiscal 
year 2016 applicable to the Army National Guard as follows: 
(1) The end strength for Selected Reserve 
personnel of the Army National Guard of the United States in section 411(a)(1) by up to 3,000 members in addition to the number specified in section 411(a)(1). 
(2) The end strength for Reserves serving 
on full-time duty for the purpose of orga-nizing, administering, recruiting, instruct-ing, or training for the Army National Guard of the United States specified in section 412(1) by up to 615 Reserves in addition to the number specified in section 412(1). 
(3) The end strength for military techni-
cians (dual status) for the Army National Guard of the United States specified in sec-tion 413(1) by up to 1,111 technicians in addi-tion to the number specified in section 413(1). 
(b) L
IMITATION .—The Chief of the National 
Guard Bureau may increase an end strength using the authority in subsection (a) only if such increase is paid for out of funds appro-priated for fiscal year 2016 for Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard. 
Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 421. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for ex-penses, not otherwise provided for, for mili-tary personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4401. 
(b) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORIZATION .—The 
authorization of appropriations in subsection (a) supersedes any other authorization of ap-propriations (definite or indefinite) for such purpose for fiscal year 2016. 
TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY 
Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy 
SEC. 501. AUTHORITY OF PROMOTION BOARDS 
TO RECOMMEND OFFICERS OF PAR-TICULAR MERIT BE PLACED AT THE TOP OF THE PROMOTION LIST. 
(a) A UTHORITY OF PROMOTION BOARDS TO 
RECOMMEND OFFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT 
BEPLACED AT TOP OF PROMOTION LIST.—Sec-
tion 616 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(g)(1) In selecting the officers to be rec-
ommended for promotion, a selection board may, when authorized by the Secretary of the military department concerned, rec-ommend officers of particular merit, from among those officers selected for promotion, to be placed at the top of the promotion list promulgated by the Secretary under section 
624(a)(1) of this title. 
‘‘(2) The determination whether an officer 
is an officer of particular merit for purposes of this subsection shall be made in accord-ance with criteria prescribed by the Sec-retary of the military department concerned for such purposes. 
‘‘(3) The number of such officers placed at 
the top of the promotion list may not exceed the number equal to 10 percent of the max-imum number of officers that the board is authorized to recommend for promotion in such competitive category. If the number de-termined under this subsection is less than one, the board may recommend one such offi-cer. 
‘‘(4) No officer may be recommended to be 
placed at the top of the promotion list unless the officer receives the recommendation of at least three-quarters of the members of a board for such placement. 
‘‘(5) For the officers recommended to be 
placed at the top of the promotion list, the board shall recommend the order in which these officers should be promoted.’’. 
(b) O
FFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT AP-
PEARING AT TOP OF PROMOTION LIST.—Section 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3480 June 2, 2015 
624(a)(1) of such title is amended by inserting 
‘‘, except such officers of particular merit who were approved by the President and rec-ommended by the board to be placed at the top of the promotion list under section 616(g) of this title as these officers shall be placed at the top of the promotion list in the order recommended by the board’’ after ‘‘officers on the active-duty list’’. 
SEC. 502. MINIMUM GRADES FOR CERTAIN CORPS 
AND RELATED POSITIONS IN THE ARMY, NAVY, AND AIR FORCE. 
(a) A RMY.— 
(1) C HIEF OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON .—Section 
3023(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘the grade of major general’’ and inserting ‘‘a grade above the grade of colonel’’. 
(2) A
SSISTANT SURGEON GENERAL .—Section 
3039(b) of such title is amended by striking the last sentence and inserting the following new sentence: ‘‘An officer appointed to that position shall be an officer in a grade above the grade of colonel.’’. 
(3) C
HIEF OF THE NURSE CORPS .—Section 
3069(b) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘whose regular grade’’ and all that follows through ‘‘major general.’’ and inserting ‘‘. An officer appointed to that position shall be an officer in a grade above the grade of colo-nel.’’. 
(4) C
HIEF OF THE VETERINARY CORPS .—Sec-
tion 3084 of such title is amended by striking the last sentence and inserting the following new sentence: ‘‘An officer appointed to that position shall be an officer in a grade above the grade of lieutenant colonel.’’. 
(b) N
AVY.— 
(1) C HIEF OF LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS .—Section 
5027(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the grade of rear ad-miral’’ and inserting ‘‘a grade above the grade of captain’’. 
(2) C
HIEF OF THE DENTAL CORPS .—Section 
5138 of such title is amended— 
(A) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and 
inserting the following new subsection (a): 
‘‘(a) There is a Chief of the Dental Corps in 
the Department of the Navy. An officer as-signed to that position shall be an officer in a grade above the grade of captain.’’; and 
(B) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) 
as subsections (b) and (c), respectively. 
(3) D
IRECTORS OF MEDICAL CORPS .—Section 
5150(c) of such title is amended— 
(A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘for 
promotion’’ and all that follows through the end of the sentence and inserting a period; and 
(B) by inserting after the first sentence the 
following new sentence: ‘‘An officer so se-lected shall be an officer in a grade above the grade of captain.’’. 
(c) A
IRFORCE .— 
(1) C HIEF OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON .—Section 
8023(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘the grade of major general’’ and inserting ‘‘a grade above the grade of colonel’’. 
(2) C
HIEF OF THE NURSE CORPS .—Section 
8069(b) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘whose regular grade’’ and all that follows through ‘‘major general.’’ and inserting ‘‘. An officer appointed to that position shall be an officer in a grade above the grade of colo-nel.’’. 
(3) A
SSISTANT SURGEON GENERAL FOR DEN -
TAL SERVICES .—Section 8081 of such title is 
amended by striking the second sentence and inserting the following new sentence: ‘‘An of-ficer appointed to that position shall be an officer in a grade above the grade of colo-nel.’’. 
(d) T
RANSITION .—In the case of an officer 
who on the date of the enactment of this Act 
is serving in a position that is covered by an amendment made by this section, the contin-ued service of that officer in such position after the date of the enactment of this Act 
shall not be affected by that amendment. 
SEC. 503. ENHANCEMENT OF MILITARY PER-
SONNEL AUTHORITIES IN CONNEC-TION WITH THE DEFENSE ACQUISI-TION WORKFORCE. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF ACQUISITION MATTERS  
WITHIN JOINT MATTERS FOR OFFICER MANAGE -
MENT .— 
(1) J OINT MATTERS .—Subsection (a)(1) of 
section 688 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) acquisition addressed by military per-
sonnel acting under chapter 87 of this title.’’. 
(2) J
OINT DUTY ASSIGNMENT .—Subsection 
(b)(1)(A) of such section is amended by strik-ing ‘‘limited to assignments in which’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘limited to— 
‘‘(i) assignments in which the officer gains 
significant experience in joint matters; and 
‘‘(ii) assignments pursuant to chapter 87 of 
this title; and’’. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR MILITARY PER-
SONNEL IN THE ACQUISITION FIELD.— 
(1) C ONSULTATION OF SERVICE CHIEFS IN  
POLICIES AND GUIDANCE .—Subsection (a) of 
section 1722a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘such military department)’’ the following: ‘‘, in consulta-tion with the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps (with respect to the armed force under the jurisdiction of each),’’. 
(2) E
NHANCED CAREER PATHS FOR PER -
SONNEL .—Subsection (b) of such section is 
amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘single- 
tracked’’ before ‘‘career path’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) A dual-tracked career path that at-
tracts the highest quality officers and en-listed personnel and allows them to gain ex-perience in, and receive credit for, a primary career in combat arms and a functional sec-ondary career in the acquisition field in order to more closely align the military operational requirements and acquisition workforces of each armed force.’’. 
(c) J
OINT PROFESSIONAL MILITARY EDU-
CATION .— 
(1) I NCLUSION OF BUSINESS AND COMMERCIAL  
TRAINING IN JOINT PROFESSIONAL MILITARY  
EDUCATION .—Subsection (a) of section 2151 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘Joint profes-
sional military education’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence and in-
serting the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(2) The subject matter to be covered by 
joint professional military education shall include at least the following: 
‘‘(A) National Military Strategy. ‘‘(B) Joint planning at all levels of war. ‘‘(C) Joint doctrine. ‘‘(D) Joint command and control. ‘‘(E) Joint force and joint requirements de-
velopment. 
‘‘(F) Operational contract support. 
‘‘(3) In lieu of the subject matters covered 
by paragraph (2), or in supplement to one or more of such matters, the subject matter to be covered by joint professional military education may include subjects addressed in training programs under section 2013(a) of this title by, in, or through organizations de-scribed in paragraph (2)(D) of that section.’’. 
(2) S
ENIOR LEVEL SERVICE SCHOOLS .—Sub-
section (b)(1) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-
graph: 
‘‘(E) A training program section 2013(a) of 
this title by, in, or through an organization described in paragraph (2)(D) of that sec-tion.’’. 
(3) T
HREE -PHASE APPROACH .—Section 
2154(a)(2) of such title is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘in residence at’’; 
(B) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-
serting the following new subparagraph (A): 
‘‘(A) in residence at the Joint Forces Staff 
College;’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘a sen-
ior level service school’’ and inserting ‘‘in residence at a senior level service school, or by, in, or though a senior level service school described in section 2151(b)(1)(E) of this title,’’. 
(4) J
OINT PROFESSIONAL MILITARY EDU -
CATION PHASE II .—Section 2155 of such title is 
amended— 
(A) in subsection (b)— (i) in the subsection caption, by inserting 
‘‘
FOR JOINT MILITARY SUBJECTS ’’ after 
‘‘PHASE II R EQUIREMENTS ’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘described in section 
2151(a)(2) of this title’’ after ‘‘joint profes-sional military education’’; 
(B) in subsection (c)— (i) in the subsection caption, by inserting 
‘‘
FORJOINT MILITARY SUBJECTS ’’ after ‘‘C UR-
RICULUM CONTENT ’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘section 2151(a)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 2151(a)(2)’’; and 
(iii) by inserting ‘‘described in such sec-
tion’’ after ‘‘joint professional military edu-cation’’; 
(C) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); 
(D) by inserting after subsection (c) the 
following new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) C
URRICULUM CONTENT FOR BUSINESS  
ANDCOMMERCIAL TRAINING .—The curriculum 
for Phase II joint professional military edu-cation described in section 2151(a)(3) of this title shall include such matters as the Sec-retary shall specify in connection with train-ing programs described in that section in order to satisfy requirements for successful performance in the acquisition or acquisi-tion-related field.’’; and 
(E) in subsection (e), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘(other than a service school described in section 2151(b)(1)(E) of this title)’’ after ‘‘senior level service school’’. 
(d) A
CQUISITION -RELATED FUNCTIONS OF  
SERVICE CHIEFS .—Section 2547 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘this sub-
section’’ the first place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (a)’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c) A
NNUAL REPORT ON PROMOTION RATES  
FOROFFICERS IN ACQUISITION POSITIONS .—(1) 
Not later than January 1 each year, the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall each submit to Congress a report on the promotion rates during the preceding fiscal year of officers who are serving in, or have served in, positions covered by chapter 87 of this title, and officers who have been certified under that chapter, in the grades specified in paragraph (2). If promotion rates for any such grade of officers failed to meet objectives for the fiscal year concerned for promotion rates for such grade, the chief of the armed force concerned shall include in the report for such fiscal year information on such failure and on the actions taken or to be taken by such chief to prevent further such failures. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3481 June 2, 2015 
‘‘(2) The grades specified in this paragraph 
are as follows: 
‘‘(A) The grade of colonel (or captain, in 
the case of the Navy). 
‘‘(B) The grade of lieutenant colonel (or 
commander, in the case of the Navy). 
‘‘(C) The grade of major (or lieutenant 
commander, in the case of the Navy).’’. 
SEC. 504. ENHANCED FLEXIBILITY FOR DETER-
MINATION OF OFFICERS TO CON-TINUE ON ACTIVE DUTY AND FOR SELECTIVE EARLY RETIREMENT AND EARLY DISCHARGE. 
Section 638a(d)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘officers con-sidered—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘officers considered.’’. 
SEC. 505. AUTHORITY TO DEFER UNTIL AGE 68 
MANDATORY RETIREMENT FOR AGE OF A GENERAL OR FLAG OFFICER SERVING AS CHIEF OR DEPUTY CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS OF THE ARMY, NAVY, OR AIR FORCE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Section 1253 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION FOR CHIEFS OF CHAPLAINS  
ANDDEPUTY CHIEFS OF CHAPLAINS .—The Sec-
retary of the military department concerned may defer the retirement under subsection (a) of an officer serving in a general or flag officer grade who is the Chief of Chaplains or Deputy Chief of Chaplains of that officer’s armed force. Such a deferment may not ex-tend beyond the first day of the month fol-lowing the month in which the officer be-comes 68 years of age.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) H EADING .—The heading of such section 
is amended by striking ‘‘ exception ’’ and in-
serting ‘‘ exceptions ’’. 
(2) T ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 63 of such title is amended in the item relating to sec-tion 1253 by striking ‘‘exception’’ and insert-ing ‘‘exceptions’’. 
SEC. 506. REINSTATEMENT OF ENHANCED AU-
THORITY FOR SELECTIVE EARLY DISCHARGE OF WARRANT OFFICERS. 
Section 580a of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Novem-
ber 30, 1993, and ending on October 1, 1999’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2015, and ending on October 1, 2019’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively. 
SEC. 507. AUTHORITY TO CONDUCT WARRANT OF-
FICER RETIRED GRADE DETERMINA-TIONS. 
Section 1371 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘highest’’ after ‘‘in the’’; 
and 
(2) by striking ‘‘that he held on the day be-
fore the date of his retirement, or in any higher warrant officer grade’’. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management 
SEC. 511. AUTHORITY TO DESIGNATE CERTAIN 
RESERVE OFFICERS AS NOT TO BE CONSIDERED FOR SELECTION FOR PROMOTION. 
Section 14301 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(j) C
ERTAIN OFFICERS NOTTOBECONSID -
ERED FOR SELECTION FOR PROMOTION .—The 
Secretary of the military department con-cerned may provide that an officer who is in an active status, but is in a duty status in which the only points the officer accrues under section 12732(a)(2) of this title are pur-suant to subparagraph (C)(i) of that section (relating to membership in a reserve compo-nent), shall not be considered for selection for promotion at any time the officer other-wise would be so considered. Any such officer 
may remain on the reserve active-status list.’’. 
SEC. 512. CLARIFICATION OF PURPOSE OF RE-
SERVE COMPONENT SPECIAL SELEC-TION BOARDS AS LIMITED TO COR-RECTION OF ERROR AT A MANDA-TORY PROMOTION BOARD. 
Section 14502(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘a selection board’’ and in-serting ‘‘a mandatory promotion board con-vened under section 14101(a) of this title’’; and 
(B) in subparagraphs (A) and (B), by strik-
ing ‘‘selection board’’ and inserting ‘‘manda-tory promotion board’’; and 
(2) in the first sentence of paragraph (3), by 
striking ‘‘selection board’’ and inserting ‘‘mandatory promotion board’’. 
SEC. 513. RECONCILIATION OF CONTRADICTORY 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CITIZEN-SHIP QUALIFICATIONS FOR ENLIST-MENT IN THE RESERVE COMPO-NENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 12102(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting the following new para-graphs: 
‘‘(1) that person has met the citizenship or 
residency requirements established in sec-tion 504(b)(1) of this title; or 
‘‘(2) that person is authorized to enlist by 
the Secretary concerned under section 504(b)(2) of this title.’’. 
SEC. 514. AUTHORITY FOR CERTAIN AIR FORCE 
RESERVE COMPONENT PERSONNEL TO PROVIDE TRAINING AND IN-STRUCTION REGARDING PILOT IN-STRUCTOR TRAINING. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—During fiscal year 2016, 
the Secretary of the Air Force may author-ize personnel described in paragraph (2) to provide training and instruction regarding pilot instructor training to the following: 
(A) Members of the Armed Forces on active 
duty. 
(B) Members of foreign military forces who 
are in the United States. 
(2) P
ERSONNEL .—The personnel described in 
this paragraph are the following: 
(A) Members of the reserve components of 
the Air Force on active Guard and Reserve duty (as that term is defined in section 101(d) of title 10, United States Code) who are not otherwise authorized to conduct the training described in paragraph (1) due to the limita-tions in section 10216 of title 10, United States Code. 
(B) Members of the Air Force who are mili-
tary technicians (dual status) who are not otherwise authorized to conduct the training described in paragraph (1) due to the limita-tions in section 328(b) of title 32, United States Code 
(3) L
IMITATION .—The total number of per-
sonnel described in paragraph (2) who may provide training and instruction under the authority in paragraph (1) at any one time may not exceed 50. 
(4) F
EDERAL TORT CLAIMS ACT .—Members of 
the uniformed services described in para-graph (2) who provide training and instruc-tion pursuant to the authority in paragraph (1) shall be covered by the Federal Tort Claims Act for purposes of any claim arising from the employment of such individuals under that authority. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth a plan to eliminate pilot instructor shortages within the Air Force using authorities available to the Secretary 
under current law. 
Subtitle C—General Service Authorities 
SEC. 521. DUTY REQUIRED FOR ELIGIBILITY FOR 
PRESEPARATION COUNSELING FOR MEMBERS BEING DISCHARGED OR RELEASED FROM ACTIVE DUTY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR 180 C ONTINUOUS DAYS 
OFACTIVE DUTY SERVICE FOR ELIGIBILITY .— 
Subparagraph (A) of section 1142(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing ‘‘continuous’’ after ‘‘first 180’’. 
(b) E
XCLUSION OF TRAINING FROM PERIODS  
OFACTIVE DUTY.—Such section is further 
amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) For purposes of subparagraph (A), the 
term ‘active duty’ does not include full-time training duty, annual training duty, and at-tendance, while in the active military serv-ice, at a school designated as a service school by law or by the Secretary of the military department concerned.’’. 
SEC. 522. EXPANSION OF PILOT PROGRAMS ON 
CAREER FLEXIBILITY TO ENHANCE RETENTION OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 533 of the Duncan Hunter National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (10 U.S.C. prec. 701 note) is amended by striking subsections (b) and (c). 
SEC. 523. SENSE OF SENATE ON DEVELOPMENT 
OF GENDER-NEUTRAL OCCUPA-TIONAL STANDARDS FOR OCCUPA-TIONAL ASSIGNMENTS IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) F INDING .—The Senate remains inter-
ested in the integration of women into the combat arms of the Armed Forces and the development of gender-neutral occupational standards for occupational assignments in the Armed Forces. 
(b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the development of gender-neutral oc-
cupational standards is vital in determining the occupational assignments of all members of the Armed Forces; 
(2) studies being conducted by the Armed 
Forces are important to the development of these standards and should incorporate the best scientific practices available; and 
(3) the Armed Forces should consider such 
studies on these standards carefully in order to ensure that— 
(A) such studies do not result in unneces-
sary barriers to service in the Armed Forces; and 
(B) all decisions on occupational assign-
ments in the Armed Forces— 
(i) are based on an objective analysis of the 
tasks required to perform the occupational assignment concerned; and 
(ii) do not negatively impact the required 
combat capabilities of the Armed Forces, in-cluding units whose primary mission is to engage in direct combat at the tactical level. 
Subtitle D—Member Education and Training 
PART I—EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE 
REFORM 
SEC. 531. LIMITATION ON TUITION ASSISTANCE 
FOR OFF-DUTY TRAINING OR EDU-CATION. 
Section 2007(a) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, but only if the Secretary determines that such edu-cation or training is likely to contribute to the member’s professional development’’ after ‘‘during the member’s off-duty peri-ods’’. 
SEC. 532. TERMINATION OF PROGRAM OF EDU-
CATIONAL ASSISTANCE FOR RE-SERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS SUP-PORTING CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS AND OTHER OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1607 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3482 June 2, 2015 
‘‘§ 16167. Sunset 
‘‘(a) S UNSET .—The authority to provide 
educational assistance under this chapter shall terminate on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON PROVISION OF ASSIST -
ANCE PENDING SUNSET .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of this chapter, during the period beginning on the date of the en-actment of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016 and ending on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of that Act, educational as-sistance may be provided under this chapter only to a member otherwise eligible for edu-cational assistance under this chapter who received educational assistance under this chapter for a course of study at an edu-cational institution for the enrollment pe-riod at the educational institution that im-mediately preceded the date of the enact-ment of that Act.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 1607 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘16167. Sunset.’’. 
SEC. 533. REPORTS ON EDUCATIONAL LEVELS AT-
TAINED BY CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AT TIME OF SEPARATION FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORTS REQUIRED .—Each Sec-
retary concerned shall submit to Congress each year a report on the educational levels attained by members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (b) under the juris-diction of such Secretary who separated from the Armed Forces during the preceding year. 
(b) C
OVERED MEMBERS .—The members of 
the Armed Forces described in this sub-section are members of the Armed Forces who transferred unused education benefits to family members pursuant to section 3319 of title 38, United States Code, while serving as members of the Armed Forces. 
(c) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 534. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON TRANSFER-
ABILITY OF UNUSED EDUCATION BENEFITS TO FAMILY MEMBERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress 
that each Secretary concerned should— 
(1) exercise the authority in section 3319(a) 
of title 38, United States Code, relating to the transferability of unused education bene-fits to family members, in a manner that en-courages the retention of individuals in the Armed Forces; and 
(2) be more selective in permitting such 
transferability. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘Armed Forces’’ and ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ have the meaning given such terms in sec-tion 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 535. NO ENTITLEMENT TO UNEMPLOYMENT 
INSURANCE WHILE RECEIVING POST-9/11 EDUCATION ASSISTANCE. 
Section 8525(b) of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or’’ after 
the semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) an educational assistance allowance 
under chapter 33 of title 38.’’. PART II—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 536. REPEAL OF STATUTORY SPECIFICATION 
OF MINIMUM DURATION OF IN-RESI-DENT INSTRUCTION FOR COURSES OF INSTRUCTION OFFERED AS PART OF PHASE II JOINT PROFESSIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION. 
(a) R EPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT  
FOR IN-RESIDENT INSTRUCTION .—Section 
2154(a)(2)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘taught in residence at’’ and inserting ‘‘offered through’’. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF STATUTORY DURATIONAL  
MINIMUM .— 
(1) R EPEAL .—Section 2156 of such title is 
repealed. 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 107 of such title amended by striking the item re-lating to section 2156. 
SEC. 537. QUALITY ASSURANCE OF CERTIFI-
CATION PROGRAMS AND STAND-ARDS FOR PROFESSIONAL CREDEN-TIALS OBTAINED BY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 2015 of title 10, United States Code, 
as amended by section 551 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3376), is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c) Q
UALITY ASSURANCE OF CERTIFICATION  
PROGRAMS AND STANDARDS .—(1) Commencing 
not later than three years after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, each Secretary concerned shall ensure that any credentialing program used in connection with the program under subsection (a) is ac-credited by an accreditation body that meets the requirements specified in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) The requirements for accreditation 
bodies specified in this paragraph are re-quirements that an accreditation body— 
‘‘(A) be an independent body that has in 
place mechanisms to ensure objectivity and impartiality in its accreditation activities; 
‘‘(B) meet a recognized national or inter-
national standard that directs its policy and procedures regarding accreditation; 
‘‘(C) apply a recognized national or inter-
national certification standard in making its accreditation decisions regarding certifi-cation bodies and programs; 
‘‘(D) conduct on-site visits, as applicable, 
to verify the documents and records sub-mitted by credentialing bodies for accredita-tion; 
‘‘(E) have in place policies and procedures 
to ensure due process when addressing com-plaints and appeals regarding its accredita-tion activities; 
‘‘(F) conduct regular training to ensure 
consistent and reliable decisions among re-viewers conducting accreditations; and 
‘‘(G) meet such other criteria as the Sec-
retary concerned considers appropriate in order to ensure quality in its accreditation activities.’’. 
SEC. 538. SUPPORT FOR ATHLETIC PROGRAMS 
OF THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 403 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 4362. Support of athletic and physical fit-
ness programs 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) C ONTRACTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREE -
MENTS .—The Secretary of the Army may 
enter into contracts and cooperative agree-ments with the Army West Point Athletic Association for the purpose of supporting the athletic and physical fitness programs of the Academy. Notwithstanding section 2304(k) of 
this title, the Secretary may enter such con-tracts or cooperative agreements on a sole source basis pursuant to section 2304(c)(5) of this title. Notwithstanding chapter 63 of title 31, a cooperative agreement under this section may be used to acquire property or services for the direct benefit or use of the Academy. 
‘‘(2) F
INANCIAL CONTROLS .—(A) Before en-
tering into a contract or cooperative agree-ment under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall ensure that such contract or agreement includes appropriate financial controls to ac-count for Academy and Association re-sources in accordance with accepted ac-counting principles. 
‘‘(B) Any such contract or cooperative 
agreement shall contain a provision that al-lows the Secretary, at the Secretary’s discre-tion, to review the financial accounts of the Association to determine whether the oper-ations of the Association— 
‘‘(i) are consistent with the terms of the 
contract or cooperative agreement; and 
‘‘(ii) will not compromise the integrity or 
appearance of integrity of any program of the Department of the Army. 
‘‘(3) L
EASES .—Section 2667(h) of this title 
shall not apply to any leases the Secretary may enter into with the Association for the purpose of supporting the athletic and phys-ical fitness programs of the Academy. 
‘‘(b) S
UPPORT SERVICES .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .—To the extent required by 
a contract or cooperative agreement under subsection (a), the Secretary may provide support services to the Association while the Association conducts its support activities at the Academy. The Secretary may provide support services described in paragraph (2) only if the Secretary determines that the provision of such services is essential for the support of the athletic and physical fitness programs of the Academy. 
‘‘(2) S
UPPORT SERVICES DEFINED .—(A) In 
this subsection, the term ‘support services’ includes utilities, office furnishings and equipment, communications services, records staging and archiving, audio and video support, and security systems in con-junction with the leasing or licensing of property. 
‘‘(B) Such term includes— ‘‘(i) housing for Association personnel on 
United States Army Garrison, West Point, New York; and 
‘‘(ii) enrollment of dependents of Associa-
tion personnel in elementary and secondary schools under the same criteria applied to dependents of Federal employees under sec-tion 2164(a) of this title, except that edu-cational services provided pursuant to this clause shall be provided on a reimbursable basis. 
‘‘(3) N
O LIABILITY OF THE UNITED STATES .— 
Any such support services may only be pro-vided without any liability of the United States to the Association. 
‘‘(c) A
CCEPTANCE OF SUPPORT .— 
‘‘(1) S UPPORT RECEIVED FROM THE ASSOCIA -
TION.—Notwithstanding section 1342 of title 
31, the Secretary may accept from the Asso-ciation funds, supplies, and services for the support of the athletic and physical fitness programs of the Academy. For the purposes of this section, employees or personnel of the Association may not be considered to be em-ployees of the United States. 
‘‘(2) F
UNDS RECEIVED FROM NCAA .—The Sec-
retary may accept funds from the National Collegiate Athletic Association to support the athletic and physical fitness programs of the Academy. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that contributions under this sub-section and expenditure of funds pursuant to subsection (e) do not reflect unfavorably on 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3483 June 2, 2015 
the ability of the Department of the Army, 
any of its employees, or any member of the armed forces to carry out any responsibility or duty in a fair and objective manner, or compromise the integrity or appearance of integrity of any program of the Department of the Army, or any individual involved in such a program. 
‘‘(d) T
RADEMARKS AND SERVICE MARKS .— 
‘‘(1) L ICENSING , MARKETING , AND SPONSOR -
SHIP AGREEMENTS .—An agreement under sub-
section (a) may, consistent with section 2260 of this title (other than subsection (d) of such section), authorize the Association to enter into licensing, marketing, and sponsor-ship agreements relating to trademarks and service marks identifying the Academy, sub-ject to the approval of the Secretary of the Army. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—No licensing, mar-
keting, or sponsorship agreement may be en-tered into under paragraph (1) if— 
‘‘(A) such agreement would reflect unfavor-
ably on the ability of the Department of the Army, any of its employees, or any member of the armed forces to carry out any respon-sibility or duty in a fair and objective man-ner; or 
‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that the use 
of the trademark or service mark would compromise the integrity or appearance of integrity of any program of the Department of the Army, or any individual involved in such a program. 
‘‘(e) R
ETENTION AND USE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any funds received by 
the Secretary under this section other than money rentals received for property leased pursuant to section 2667 of this title shall be used by the Academy for one or more of the following purposes: 
‘‘(A) To benefit participating cadets. ‘‘(B) To enhance the ability of the Acad-
emy to compete against other colleges and universities. 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Funds de-
scribed in paragraph (1) shall remain avail-able until expended. 
‘‘(f) S
ERVICE ON ASSOCIATION BOARD OF DI-
RECTORS .—The Association is a designated 
entity for which authorization under sec-tions 1033(a) and 1589(a) of this title may be provided. 
‘‘(g) C
ONDITIONS .—The authority provided 
in this section with respect to the Associa-tion is available only so long as the Associa-tion continues— 
‘‘(1) to qualify as a nonprofit organization 
under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and operates in accordance with this section, the law of the State of New York, and the constitution and bylaws of the Association; and 
‘‘(2) to operate exclusively to support the 
athletic and physical fitness programs of the Academy. 
‘‘(h) A
SSOCIATION DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘Association’ means the Army West Point Athletic Association.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 403 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘4362. Support of athletic and physical fit-
ness programs.’’. 
SEC. 539. ONLINE ACCESS TO THE HIGHER EDU-
CATION COMPONENT OF THE TRAN-SITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) N OTICE TO PROGRAM PARTICIPANTS OF  
AVAILABILITY OF COMPONENT ONLINE  
THROUGH THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—If a 
member of the Armed Forces, veteran, or de-pendent requests a certificate of eligibility from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to prove the eligibility of the member, veteran, or dependent, as the case may be, for edu-cational assistance under chapter 33 of title 38, United States Code, the Secretary shall 
notify the member, veteran, or dependent of the availability of the higher education com-ponent of the Transition Assistance Program (TAP) on the Transition GPS Standalone Training Internet website of the Department of Defense. 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF COMPONENT ONLINE  
THROUGH THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-
FAIRS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall, in collaboration with the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs, assess the feasibility of— 
(A) providing access for veterans and de-
pendents to the higher education component of the Transition Assistance Program on the eBenefits Internet website of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; and 
(B) tracking the completion of that compo-
nent through that Internet website. 
(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth a description of the cost and length of time required to provide access and begin tracking completion of the higher edu-cation component of the Transition Assist-ance Program as described in paragraph (1). 
Subtitle E—Military Justice 
SEC. 546. MODIFICATION OF RULE 304 OF THE 
MILITARY RULES OF EVIDENCE RE-LATING TO THE CORROBORATION OF A CONFESSION OR ADMISSION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, Rule 304(c) of the Military Rules of Evidence shall be modified as follows: 
(1) To provide that an admission or a con-
fession of the accused may be considered as evidence against the accused on the question of guilt or innocence only if independent evi-dence, either direct or circumstantial, has been admitted into evidence which would tend to establish the trustworthiness of the admission or confession. 
(2) To provide that not every element or 
fact contained in the admission or confession must be independently proven for the admis-sion or confession to be admitted into evi-dence in its entirety. 
(3) To strike the rule that if independent 
evidence raises an inference of the truth of some but not all of the essential facts admit-ted, the confession or admission may be con-sidered as evidence against the accused only with respect to those essential facts stated in the confession or admission that are cor-roborated by the independent evidence. 
(4) With respect to the quantum of evi-
dence needed to establish corroboration, to provide that the independent evidence need raise only an inference of the truth of the ad-mission or confession. 
SEC. 547. MODIFICATION OF RULE 104 OF THE 
RULES FOR COURTS-MARTIAL TO ES-TABLISH CERTAIN PROHIBITIONS CONCERNING EVALUATIONS OF SPE-CIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, Rule 104(b) of the Rules for Courts-Martial shall be modified to provide that the prohibitions concerning evaluations established by that Rule shall apply to the giving of a less favorable rating or evaluation to any member of the Armed Forces serving as a Special Victims’ Counsel because of the zeal with which such counsel represented a victim. 
SEC. 548. RIGHT OF VICTIMS OF OFFENSES 
UNDER THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE TO TIMELY DIS-CLOSURE OF CERTAIN MATERIALS AND INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH PROSECUTION OF OFFENSES. 
Section 806b(a) of title 10, United States 
Code (article 6b(a) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(8) as paragraphs (4) through (9), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (3): 
‘‘(3) The right to the timely disclosure by 
trial counsel to the victim (or the Special Victims’ Counsel of the victim if the victim is so represented) of the following: 
‘‘(A) Any charges and specifications re-
lated to the offense. 
‘‘(B) Any motions filed by trial counsel or 
defense counsel in connection with the court-martial of the offense, unless other-wise protected from disclosure. 
‘‘(C) All statements by the accused related 
to the offense. 
‘‘(D) Any statement by the victim in con-
nection with the offense that is in the pos-session of the government. 
‘‘(E) Any portions relating to the victim in 
any report of an investigation of the offense that is in the possession of the government. 
‘‘(F) In the event the staff judge advocate 
advises pursuant to section 834 of this title (article 34) that any charge or specification in connection with the offense not be re-ferred for trial, the advice making such rec-ommendation, with such advice to be so pro-vided before the convening authority acts on the advice.’’. 
SEC. 549. ENFORCEMENT OF CERTAIN CRIME 
VICTIMS’ RIGHTS BY THE COURT OF CRIMINAL APPEALS. 
Section 806b of title 10, United States Code 
(article 6b of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) E
NFORCEMENT OF CERTAIN RIGHTS BY  
COURT OF CRIMINAL APPEALS .—(1)(A) If the 
victim of an offense under this chapter be-
lieves that a preliminary hearing ruling under section 832 of this title (article 32), or a court-martial ruling, violates the victim’s rights afforded by a section (article) or rule specified in paragraph (2), the victim may file an interlocutory appeal of such ruling by petitioning the Court of Criminal Appeals for an order to require the judge advocate con-ducting such preliminary hearing, or the court-martial, as the case may be, to comply with the section (article) or rule, as applica-ble. 
‘‘(B) A victim of an offense under this 
chapter who is subject to an order to submit to a deposition notwithstanding the fact that the victim shall be available to testify at the court-martial of the offense may file an interlocutory appeal of such order by pe-titioning the Court of Criminal Appeals for an order to quash such order. 
‘‘(C) The Court of Criminal Appeals shall 
provide a de novo review of the question or questions raised by a petition filed under this paragraph. A single judge or panel of judges shall take up and decide the petition within 72 hours after the petition is filed. 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1)(A) applies with respect 
to the protections afforded by the following: 
‘‘(A) This section (article). ‘‘(B) Military Rule of Evidence 412, relating 
to the admission of evidence regarding a vic-tim’s sexual background. 
‘‘(C) Military Rule of Evidence 513, relating 
to the psychotherapist-patient privilege. 
‘‘(D) Military Rule of Evidence 514, relat-
ing to the victim advocate-victim privilege. 
‘‘(E) Military Rule of Evidence 615, relating 
to the exclusion of witnesses. 
‘‘(3) The proceedings of a preliminary hear-
ing under section 832 of this title (article 32), or a court-martial, may not be stayed or sub-ject to a continuance of more than five days for purposes of enforcing this subsection. If the Court of Criminal Appeals denies the re-lief sought, the reasons for the denial shall be clearly stated on the record in a written opinion.’’. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3484 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 550. RELEASE TO VICTIMS UPON REQUEST 
OF COMPLETE RECORD OF PRO-CEEDINGS AND TESTIMONY OF COURTS-MARTIAL IN CASES IN WHICH SENTENCES ADJUDGED COULD INCLUDE PUNITIVE DIS-CHARGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 854(e) of title 10, 
United States Code (article 54(e) of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(e)’’; (2) in paragraph (1), as so designated, by in-
serting ‘‘or the victim requests such records’’ before the period at the end of the first sentence; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(2) In the case of a general or special 
court-martial involving an offense (other than an offense covered by paragraph (1)) for which the sentence as adjudged could include punitive discharge from the armed forces, a copy of all prepared records of the pro-ceedings of the court-martial shall be given to the victim of the offense if the victim re-quests such records. 
‘‘(3) Records given to a victim under this 
subsection at the request of the victim in a case where the court-martial concerned re-sulted in the acquittal of the accused may include restrictions on release or use of such records or information in such records in order to protect the privacy or other inter-ests of the accused.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to courts-martial first convened on or after that date. 
SEC. 551. REPRESENTATION AND ASSISTANCE OF 
VICTIMS BY SPECIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL IN QUESTIONING BY MILI-TARY CRIMINAL INVESTIGATORS. 
Section 1044e(f) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3)(A) In carrying out paragraph (1), a 
military criminal investigator seeking to question an individual eligible for the assist-ance of a Special Victims’ Counsel under this section shall inform the individual of the in-dividual’s right to be represented by a Spe-cial Victims’ Counsel in connection with such questioning. 
‘‘(B) If an individual described in subpara-
graph (A) requests representation by a Spe-cial Victims’ Counsel in connection with questioning described in that subparagraph— 
‘‘(i) a Special Victims’ Counsel shall rep-
resent and assist the individual during and in connection with such questioning; 
‘‘(ii) the military criminal investigator 
shall contact and question the individual only through the Special Victims’ Counsel representing the individual; and 
‘‘(iii) the military criminal investigation 
may not contact or question the individual without the consent of such Special Victims’ Counsel. 
‘‘(C) Nothing in this paragraph confers any 
right on an accused under investigation. 
‘‘(D) A violation of this paragraph shall 
not be a basis for the suppression of any statement of an individual described in sub-paragraph (A), or derivative evidence of such a statement, in a proceeding against a per-son accused with committing an offense against such individual.’’. 
SEC. 552. AUTHORITY OF SPECIAL VICTIMS’ 
COUNSEL TO PROVIDE LEGAL CON-SULTATION AND ASSISTANCE IN CONNECTION WITH VARIOUS GOV-ERNMENT PROCEEDINGS. 
Section 1044e(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (9) as para-
graph (10); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (9): ‘‘(9) Legal consultation and assistance in 
connection with— 
‘‘(A) any complaint against the Govern-
ment, including an allegation under review by an inspector general and a complaint re-garding equal employment opportunities; 
‘‘(B) any request to the Government for in-
formation, including a request under section 552a of title 5 (commonly referred to as a ’Freedom of Information Act request’); and 
‘‘(C) any correspondence or other commu-
nications with Congress.’’. 
SEC. 553. ENHANCEMENT OF CONFIDENTIALITY 
OF RESTRICTED REPORTING OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IN THE MILITARY. 
(a) P REEMPTION OF STATE LAW TO ENSURE  
CONFIDENTIALITY OF REPORTING .—Subsection 
(b) of section 1565b of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) In the case of information disclosed 
pursuant to paragraph (1), any State law or regulation that would require an individual specified in paragraph (2) to disclose the per-sonally identifiable information of the adult victim or alleged perpetrator of the sexual assault to a State or local law enforcement agency shall not apply, except when report-ing is necessary to prevent or mitigate a se-rious and imminent threat to the health or safety of an individual.’’. 
(b) C
LARIFICATION OF SCOPE.—Paragraph (1) 
of such subsection is amended by striking ‘‘a dependent’’ and inserting ‘‘an adult depend-ent’’. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—Such section is further 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) S EXUAL ASSAULT .—The term ‘sexual 
assault’ includes the offenses of rape, sexual assault, forcible sodomy, aggravated sexual contact, abusive sexual contact, and at-tempts to commit such offenses, as punish-able under applicable Federal or State law. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ includes the 
District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any territory or possession of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 554. ESTABLISHMENT OF OFFICE OF COM-
PLEX INVESTIGATIONS WITHIN THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1101 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 10509. Office of Complex Investigations 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There is in the National 
Guard Bureau an Office of Complex Inves-tigations (in this section referred to as the ‘Office’) under the authority, direction, and control of the Chief of the National Guard Bureau. 
‘‘(b) D
ISPOSITION AND FUNCTIONS .—The Of-
fice shall be organized, trained, equipped, and managed to conduct administrative in-vestigations in order to assist the States in the organization, maintenance, and oper-ation of the National Guard as follows: 
‘‘(1) In investigations of allegations of sex-
ual assault involving members of the Na-tional Guard. 
‘‘(2) In Investigations in circumstances in-
volving members of the National Guard in which other law enforcement agencies within the Department of Defense do not have, or have limited, jurisdiction or authority to in-vestigate. 
‘‘(3) In investigations in such other cir-
cumstances involving members of the Na-tional Guard as the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may direct. 
‘‘(c) S
COPE OF INVESTIGATIVE AUTHORITY .— 
Individuals performing investigations de-scribed in subsection (b)(1) are authorized— 
‘‘(1) to have access to all records, reports, 
audits, reviews, documents, papers, rec-ommendations, or other material available 
to the applicable establishment which relate to programs and operations with respect to the National Guard; and 
‘‘(2) to request such information or assist-
ance as may be necessary for carrying out those duties from any Federal, State, or local governmental agency or unit thereof.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 1101 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘10509. Office of Complex Investigations.’’. 
SEC. 555. MODIFICATION OF DEADLINE FOR ES-
TABLISHMENT OF DEFENSE ADVI-SORY COMMITTEE ON INVESTIGA-TION, PROSECUTION, AND DEFENSE OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 546(a)(2) of the Carl Levin and 
Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3374; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended by striking ‘‘not later than’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘not later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’. 
SEC. 556. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE 
UNITED STATES REPORTS ON PRE-VENTION AND RESPONSE TO SEX-UAL ASSAULT BY THE ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD AND THE ARMY RE-SERVE. 
(a) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than April 1, 
2016, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the preliminary assessment of the Comp-troller General (made pursuant to a review conducted by the Comptroller General for purposes of this section) of the extent to which the Army National Guard and the Army Reserve— 
(1) have in place policies and programs to 
prevent and respond to incidents of sexual assault involving members of the Army Na-tional Guard or the Army Reserve, as appli-cable; 
(2) provide medical and mental health care 
services to members of the Army National Guard or the Army Reserve, as applicable, following a sexual assault; and 
(3) have identified whether the nature of 
service in the Army National Guard or the Army Reserve, as the case may be, poses challenges to the prevention of or response to sexual assault. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS .—If after submit-
ting the report required by subsection (a) the Comptroller General makes additional as-sessments as a result of the review described in that subsection, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress such reports on such additional assessments as the Comp-troller General considers appropriate. 
SEC. 557. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE SERVICE 
OF MILITARY FAMILIES AND ON SEN-TENCING RETIREMENT-ELIGIBLE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Military families serve alongside their 
member of the Armed Forces, enduring hard-ships, lending support, and contributing to the member’s career. These family members endure frequent moves, long periods of sepa-ration, and other unique hardships associ-ated with military life. 
(2) Innocent family members are some-
times inadvertently punished when the mem-ber they depend on forfeits retirement ben-efit eligibility due to a court-martial sen-tence. 
(3) When a retirement-eligible member for-
feits retirement eligibility, that member’s innocent family members lose the security of benefits they had planned for and helped earn. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3485 June 2, 2015 
(4) Military juries may choose to impose 
unjustly light sentences on convicted mem-bers out of concern for the innocent family members when a just sentence would require stripping the member of retirement eligi-bility. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress— 
(1) that military juries should not face the 
difficult choice between imposing a fair sen-tence or protecting the benefits of a member of the Armed Forces for the sake of innocent family members; 
(2) that innocent military family members 
of retirement-eligible members should not be made to forgo benefits they have sacrificed for and helped to earn; and 
(3) to welcome the opportunity to work 
with the Department of Defense to develop the necessary laws and regulations to im-prove the military justice system and to pro-tect the benefits that military families have helped earn. 
Subtitle F—Defense Dependents Education 
and Military Family Readiness 
SEC. 561. CONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TO AS-
SIST LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN-CIES THAT BENEFIT DEPENDENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TO SCHOOLS WITHSIGNIFI -
CANT NUMBERS OF MILITARY DEPENDENT STU-
DENTS .—Of the amount authorized to be ap-
propriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301, $25,000,000 shall be available only for the purpose of providing assistance to local educational agencies under subsection (a) of section 572 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 20 U.S.C. 7703b). 
(b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DEFINED .— 
In this section, the term ‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 8013(9) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7713(9)). 
SEC. 562. IMPACT AID FOR CHILDREN WITH SE-
VERE DISABILITIES. 
Of the amount authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 pursuant to sec-tion 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301, $5,000,000 shall be available for payments under section 363 of the Floyd D. Spence Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A–77; 20 U.S.C. 7703a). 
SEC. 563. AUTHORITY TO USE APPROPRIATED 
FUNDS TO SUPPORT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STUDENT MEAL PRO-GRAMS IN DOMESTIC DEPENDENT ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY SCHOOLS LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Section 2243 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘the defense dependents’ 
education system’’ and inserting ‘‘overseas defense dependents’ schools’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘students enrolled in that 
system’’ and inserting ‘‘students enrolled in such a school’’; 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘Depart-
ment of Defense dependents’ schools which are located outside the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘overseas defense dependents’ schools’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(e) O
VERSEAS DEFENSE DEPENDENTS ’ 
SCHOOL DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘overseas defense dependents’ school’ means 
the following: ‘‘(1) A school established as part of the de-
fense dependents’ education system provided for under the Defense Dependents’ Education Act of 1978 (20 U.S.C. 921 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) An elementary or secondary school es-
tablished pursuant to section 2164 of this title that is located in a territory, common-wealth, or possession of the United States.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) H EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of 
such section is amended by inserting ‘‘ de-
fense ’’ after ‘‘ overseas ’’. 
(2) T ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of subchapter I of chapter 134 of such title is amended in the item relating to section 2243 by inserting ‘‘defense’’ after ‘‘overseas’’. 
SEC. 564. BIENNIAL SURVEYS OF MILITARY DE-
PENDENTS ON MILITARY FAMILY READINESS MATTERS. 
(a) B IENNIAL SURVEYS REQUIRED .—The Di-
rector of the Office of Family Policy of the Department of Defense shall undertake every other year a survey of adult dependents of members of the Armed Forces on the mat-ters specified in subsection (b). Participation by dependents in the survey shall be vol-untary. 
(b) M
ATTERS .—The matters specified in 
this subsection are the following: 
(1) Mental health of dependents of mem-
bers of the Armed Forces. 
(2) Incidence of suicide and suicidal idea-
tion among dependents of members of the Armed Forces. 
(3) Incidence of divorce among dependents 
of members of the Armed Forces. 
(4) Incidence of spousal abuse, child abuse, 
sexual assault, and harassment among de-pendents of members of the Armed Forces. 
(5) Financial health and financial literacy 
of military families. 
(6) Employment and education of depend-
ents of members of the Armed Forces. 
(7) Adequacy and availability of child care 
for dependents of members of the Armed Forces. 
(8) Quality of programs for military fami-
lies. 
(9) Such other matters relating to military 
family readiness as the Director considers appropriate. 
Subtitle G—Miscellaneous Reporting 
Requirements 
SEC. 571. EXTENSION OF SEMIANNUAL REPORTS 
ON THE INVOLUNTARY SEPARATION OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 525(a) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1724) is amended by striking ‘‘calendar years 2013 and 2014’’ and ‘‘each of calendar years 2013 through 2017’’. 
SEC. 572. REMOTELY PILOTED AIRCRAFT CA-
REER FIELD MANNING SHORTFALLS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for oper-ation and maintenance for the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, not more than 85 percent may be obligated or expended until a period of 15 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force submits to the congressional defense com-mittees the report described in subsection (b). 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port on remotely piloted aircraft career field manning levels and actions the Air Force will take to rectify personnel shortfalls. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) A description of current and projected 
manning requirements and inventory levels for remotely piloted aircraft systems. 
(B) A description of rated and non-rated of-
ficer and enlisted manning policies for au-thorization and inventory levels in effect for remotely piloted aircraft systems and units, to include whether remotely piloted aircraft duty is considered as a permanent Air Force Specialty Code or treated as an ancillary sin-gle assignment duty, and if both are used, the division of authorizations between per-manently assigned personnel and those who will return to a different primary career field. 
(C) Comparisons to other Air Force 
manned combat aircraft systems and units with respect to personnel policies, manpower authorization levels, and projected personnel inventory. 
(D) Identification and assessment of miti-
gation actions to increase unit manning lev-els, including recruitment and retention bo-nuses, incentive pay, use of enlisted per-sonnel, and increased weighting to remotely piloted aircraft personnel on promotion boards, and to ensure the school house for re-motely piloted aircraft personnel is suffi-cient to meet increased manning demands. 
(E) Analysis demonstrating the require-
ments determination for how remotely pi-loted aircraft pilot and sensor operators are selected, including whether individuals are prior rated or non-rated qualified, what pre-requisite training or experience is necessary, and required and types of basic and advanced qualification training for each mission de-sign series of remotely piloted aircraft in the Air Force inventory. 
(F) Recommendations for changes to exist-
ing legislation required to implement miti-gation actions. 
(G) An assessment of the authorization lev-
els of government civilian and contractor support required for sufficiency of remotely piloted aircraft career field manning. 
(H) A description and associated timeline 
of actions the Air Force will take to increase remotely piloted aircraft career field man-power authorizations and manning levels to at least the equal of the normative levels of manning and readiness of all other combat aircraft career fields. 
(I) A description of any other matters con-
cerning remotely piloted aircraft career field manning levels the Secretary of the Air Force determines to be appropriate. 
(3) F
ORM.—The report required under para-
graph (1) may be submitted in classified form, but shall also contain an unclassified executive summary and may contain an un-classified annex. 
(4) N
ONDUPLICATION OF EFFORT .—If any in-
formation required under paragraph (1) has been included in another report or notifica-tion previously submitted to Congress by law, the Secretary of the Air Force may pro-vide a list of such reports and notifications at the time of submitting the report required under this subsection in lieu of including such information in the report. 
Subtitle H—Other Matters 
PART I—FINANCIAL LITERACY AND PRE-
PAREDNESS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES 
SEC. 581. IMPROVEMENT OF FINANCIAL LIT-
ERACY AND PREPAREDNESS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 992 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘C
ONSUMER EDUCATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘F I-
NANCIAL LITERACY TRAINING ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘edu-
cation’’ in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A) and inserting ‘‘financial literacy training’’; 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3486 June 2, 2015 
(C) in paragraph (2)— 
(i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘as’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by inserting ‘‘as’’ before ‘‘a compo-
nent’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘orientation’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (iii) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (J); and 
(iv) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(B) upon arrival at the first duty station; ‘‘(C) upon arrival at each duty station fol-
lowing the first duty station in the case of each member in pay grade E–4 or below or in pay grade O–3 or below; 
‘‘(D) on the date of promotion, in the case 
of each member in pay grade E–5 or below or in pay grade O–4 or below; 
‘‘(E) when the member vests in the Thrift 
Savings Plan (TSP); 
‘‘(F) at each major life event during the 
member’s service, such as— 
‘‘(i) marriage; ‘‘(ii) divorce; ‘‘(iii) birth of first child; or ‘‘(iv) disabling sickness or condition; ‘‘(G) during leadership training; ‘‘(H) during pre-deployment training and 
during post-deployment training; 
‘‘(I) at transition points in military serv-
ice, such as— 
‘‘(i) transition from a regular component 
to a reserve component; 
‘‘(ii) separation from service; or ‘‘(iii) retirement; and’’; and (v) in subparagraph (J), as redesignated by 
clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘as’’ before ‘‘a com-ponent’’; 
(D) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘(2)(B)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘(2)(J)’’; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) The Secretary concerned shall pre-
scribe regulations setting forth any addi-tional events and circumstances (other than those described in paragraph (2)) for which the Secretary determines that training under this subsection shall be required.’’. 
(b) F
INANCIAL LITERACY AND PREPAREDNESS  
SURVEY .—Such section is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) F INANCIAL LITERACY AND PREPARED -
NESS SURVEY .—(1) The Director of the De-
fense Manpower Data Center shall annually include in the status of forces survey a sur-vey of the status of the financial literacy and preparedness of members of the armed forces. 
‘‘(2) The results of the annual financial lit-
eracy and preparedness survey— 
‘‘(A) shall be used by each of the Secre-
taries concerned as a benchmark to evaluate and update training provided under this sec-tion; and 
‘‘(B) shall be submitted to the Committees 
on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives.’’. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES COV-
ERED BY LITERACY TRAINING .—Subsection (e) 
of such section, as redesignated by sub-section (b)(1) of this section, is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(4) Health insurance, budget manage-
ment, Thrift Savings Plan (TSP), retirement lump sum payments (including rollover op-tions and tax consequences), and Survivor Benefit Plan (SBP) .’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such 
section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 992. Financial literacy training: financial 
services’’. 
(2) T ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 50 of such title is amended by striking the item related to section 992 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘992. Financial literacy training: financial 
services.’’. 
SEC. 582. FINANCIAL LITERACY TRAINING WITH 
RESPECT TO CERTAIN FINANCIAL SERVICES FOR MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary concerned 
shall provide the financial literacy training under section 992 of title 10, United States Code, for the financial services described in paragraph (4) of section 992(e) of such title (as amended and added by section 581 of this Act) to members of the uniformed services under the jurisdiction of such Secretary commencing not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘uniformed services’’ and ‘‘Secretary con-cerned’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 583. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON FINANCIAL 
LITERACY AND PREPAREDNESS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Secretary of Defense should 
strengthen arrangements with other depart-ments and agencies of the Federal Govern-ment, as well as with nonprofit organiza-tions, in order to improve the financial lit-eracy and preparedness of members of the Armed Forces; and 
(2) the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of 
Staff and the Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces should provide support for the finan-cial literacy and preparedness training car-ried out under section 992 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by section 581 of this Act). 
PART II—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 586. AUTHORITY FOR APPLICATIONS FOR 
CORRECTION OF MILITARY RECORDS TO BE INITIATED BY THE SECRETARY CONCERNED. 
Section 1552(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or his heir or legal rep-
resentative’’ and inserting ‘‘(or the claim-ant’s heir or legal representative) or the Sec-retary concerned’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘he discovers’’ and inserting 
‘‘discovering’’. 
SEC. 587. RECORDATION OF OBLIGATIONS FOR 
INSTALLMENT PAYMENTS OF INCEN-TIVE PAYS, ALLOWANCES, AND SIMI-LAR BENEFITS WHEN PAYMENT IS DUE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 19 of title 37, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1015. Recordation of installment payment 
obligations for incentive pays and similar benefits 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In the case of any pay, 
allowance, bonus, or other benefit described in subsection (b) that is paid to a member of the uniformed services on an installment basis, each installment payment shall be charged to appropriations that are available for obligation at the time such payment is payable. 
‘‘(b) C
OVERED PAY AND BENEFITS .—Sub-
section (a) applies to any incentive pay, spe-cial pay, or bonus, or similar periodic pay-ment of pay or allowances, or of educational benefits or stipends, that is paid to a mem-ber of the uniformed services under this title or title 10.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 19 of such title is amended by adding at the end 
the following new item: 
‘‘1015. Recordation of installment payment 
obligations for incentive pays and similar benefits.’’. 
SEC. 588. ENHANCEMENTS TO YELLOW RIBBON 
REINTEGRATION PROGRAM. 
(a) S COPE AND PURPOSE .—Section 582 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘combat 
veteran’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘informa-
tional events and activities’’ and inserting ‘‘information, events, and activities’’. 
(b) E
LIGIBILITY .—Such section is further 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘National 
Guard and Reserve members and their fami-lies’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘members 
of the reserve components of the Armed Forces, their families,’’ and inserting ‘‘eligi-ble individuals’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)(2)(C), by striking 
‘‘members of the Armed Forces and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individ-uals’’; 
(4) in subsection (h), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘members of the Armed 
Forces and their family members’’ and in-serting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘such members and their 
family members’’ and inserting ‘‘such eligi-ble individuals’’; 
(5) in subsection (j), by striking ‘‘members 
of the Armed Forces and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; 
(6) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘indi-
vidual members of the Armed Forces and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible indi-viduals’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(l) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .—For the pur-
poses of this section, the term ‘eligible indi-vidual’ means a member of a reserve compo-nent, a member of their family, or a des-ignated representative who the Secretary of Defense determines to be eligible for the Yel-low Ribbon Reintegration Program.’’. 
(c) O
FFICE FOR REINTEGRATION PROGRAMS .— 
(1) O VERSIGHT OF YELLOW RIBBON RE -
INTEGRATION PROGRAM .—Paragraph (1)(A) of 
subsection (d) of such section is amended by striking the second and third sentence and inserting ‘‘The office shall exercise oversight over the Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Pro-gram, and shall be responsible for coordina-tion with State National Guard and Reserve organizations, including existing family and support programs.’’. 
(2) P
ARTNERSHIPS TO PROVIDE QUALITY OF  
LIFE SERVICES .—Paragraph (1)(B) of such sub-
section is amended by striking ‘‘substance abuse and mental health treatment services’’ and inserting ‘‘substance abuse, mental health treatment, and other quality of life services’’. 
(3) G
RANT AUTHORITY .—Such subsection is 
further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) G
RANTS .—The Office for Reintegration 
Programs may make grants to conduct data collection, trend analysis, and curriculum development, and to prepare reports, in sup-port of activities under this section.’’. 
(d) C
OORDINATION WITHCOAST GUARD RE-
SERVE .—Such section is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘and 
Air Force Reserve’’ and inserting ‘‘Air Force Reserve, and Coast Guard Reserve’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘and 
Air Force Reserve’’ and inserting ‘‘Air Force Reserve, and Coast Guard Reserve’’. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3487 June 2, 2015 
(e) D UEDATE OF ADVISORY BOARD ANNUAL  
REPORT .—Subsection (e)(4) of such section is 
amended by striking ‘‘March’’ and inserting ‘‘April’’. 
(f) S
UPPORT TEAMS .—Subsection (f) of such 
section is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘administer the Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program at the State level’’ and inserting ‘‘support and assist State Na-tional Guard and Reserve organization re-integration efforts’’; and 
(2) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) to provide reintegration curriculum 
and information;’’. 
(g) O
PERATION OF PROGRAM .— 
(1) E NHANCED FLEXIBILITY .—Subsection (g) 
of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(g) O PERATION OF PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Office for Reintegra-
tion Programs shall assist State National Guard and Reserve organizations with the development and provision of information, events, and activities to support the health and well-being of eligible individuals before, during, and after periods of activation, mobi-lization, or deployment. 
‘‘(2) F
OCUS OF INFORMATION , EVENTS , AND 
ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(A) B EFORE ACTIVATION , MOBILIZATION , OR 
DEPLOYMENT .—Before such a period, the in-
formation, events, and activities described in paragraph (1) should focus on preparing eligi-ble individuals and affected communities for the rigors of activation, mobilization, and deployment. 
‘‘(B) D
URING ACTIVATION , MOBILIZATION , OR 
DEPLOYMENT .—During such a period, the in-
formation, events, and activities described in paragraph (1) should focus on— 
‘‘(i) helping eligible individuals cope with 
the challenges and stress associated with such period; 
‘‘(ii) decreasing the isolation of eligible in-
dividuals during such period; and 
‘‘(iii) preparing eligible individuals for the 
challenges associated with reintegration. 
‘‘(C) A
FTER ACTIVATION , MOBILIZATION , OR 
DEPLOYMENT .—After such a period, the infor-
mation, events, and activities described in paragraph (1) should focus on— 
‘‘(i) reconnecting the member with their 
families, friends, and communities; 
‘‘(ii) providing information on employment 
opportunities; 
‘‘(iii) helping eligible individuals deal with 
the challenges of reintegration; 
‘‘(iv) ensuring that eligible individuals un-
derstand what benefits they are entitled to and what resources are available to help them overcome the challenges of reintegra-tion; and 
‘‘(v) providing a forum for addressing nega-
tive behaviors related to operational stress and reintegration. 
‘‘(3) M
EMBER PAY .—Members shall receive 
appropriate pay for days spent attending such events and activities. 
‘‘(4) M
INIMUM NUMBER OF EVENTS AND AC -
TIVITIES .—State National Guard and Reserve 
organizations shall provide to eligible indi-viduals— 
‘‘(A) one event or activity before a period 
of activation, mobilization, or deployment; 
‘‘(B) one event or activity during a period 
of activation, mobilization, or deployment; and 
‘‘(C) two events or activities after a period 
of activation, mobilization, or deployment.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sec-
tion is further amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘through-
out the entire deployment cycle’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘; 
D
EPLOYMENT CYCLE ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘well-being through the 4 
phases’’ through the end of the subsection and inserting ‘‘well-being.’’; 
(C) in subsection (d)(2)(C), by striking 
‘‘throughout the deployment cycle described in subsection (g)’’; and 
(D) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘S
TATE  
DEPLOYMENT CYCLE ’’ in the subsection head-
ing. 
(h) A DDITIONAL PERMITTED OUTREACH SERV-
ICE.—Subsection (h) of such section is 
amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(16) Stress management and positive cop-
ing skills.’’. 
(i) S
UPPORT OF DEPARTMENT -WIDESUICIDE  
PREVENTION EFFORTS .—Such section is fur-
ther amended by inserting after subsection (h) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(i) S
UPPORT OF SUICIDE PREVENTION EF-
FORTS .—The Office for Reintegration Pro-
grams shall assist the Defense Suicide Pre-vention Office and the Defense Centers of Ex-cellence for Psychological Health and Trau-matic Brain Injury to collect and analyze in-formation, suggestions, and best practices from State National Guard and Reserve or-ganizations with respect to suicide preven-tion and community response programs.’’. 
(j) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Such section 
is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)(1)(B), by striking 
‘‘Substance Abuse and the Mental Health Services Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘Substance Abuse and Mental Health Serv-ices Administration’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)(3)(C), by striking ‘‘Of-
fice of Reintegration Programs’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Office for Reintegration Programs’’. 
SEC. 589. PRIORITY PROCESSING OF APPLICA-
TIONS FOR TRANSPORTATION WORKER IDENTIFICATION CREDEN-TIALS FOR MEMBERS UNDERGOING DISCHARGE OR RELEASE FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P RIORITY PROCESSING .—The Secretary 
of Defense shall consult with the Secretary of Homeland Security to afford a priority in the processing of applications for a Trans-portation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC) to applications submitted by mem-bers of the Armed Forces who are undergoing separation, discharge, or release from the Armed Forces under honorable conditions, with such priority to provide for the review and adjudication of such an application by not later than 14 days after submittal, unless an appeal or waiver applies or further appli-cation documentation is necessary. The pri-ority shall be so afforded commencing not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act to members who undergo separation, discharge, or release from the Armed Forces after the date on which the priority so commences being afforded. 
(b) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—The 
Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall enter into a memo-randum of understanding in connection with achieving the requirement in subsection (a). 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall jointly submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the implementation of the require-ments of this section. The report shall set 
forth the following: 
(1) The memorandum of understanding re-
quired pursuant to subsection (b). 
(2) A description of the number of individ-
uals who applied for, and the number of indi-viduals who have been issued, a Transpor-tation Worker Identification Credential pur-suant to the memorandum of understanding as of the date of the report. 
(3) If any applications for a Transportation 
Worker Identification Credential covered by paragraph (2) were not reviewed and adju-
dicated within the deadline specified in sub-section (a), a description of the reasons for the failure and of the actions being taken to assure that future applications for a Creden-tial are reviewed and adjudicated within the deadline. 
SEC. 590. ISSUANCE OF RECOGNITION OF SERV-
ICE ID CARDS TO CERTAIN MEM-BERS SEPARATING FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I SSUANCE REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall issue to each covered individual a card that identifies such individual as a veteran and includes a photo of the individual and the name of the individual. 
(2) D
ESIGNATION .—A card issued under 
paragraph (1) may be known as a ‘‘Recogni-tion of Service ID Card’’. 
(b) C
OVERED INDIVIDUALS .—For purposes of 
this section, a ‘‘covered individual’’ is an in-dividual who is undergoing discharge or re-lease from the Armed Forces (other than as the result of a punitive discharge adju-dicated as part of a sentence at a court-mar-tial after the effective date of this section) on or after the effective date provided for in subsection (e). 
(c) C
OLLECTION OF AMOUNTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may col-
lect from civilian employees of the Depart-ment of Defense and contractor personnel of the Department who are issued a replace-ment card for a lost or stolen Department of Defense identification card such amount as the Secretary considers appropriate to de-fray the cost of the issuance of cards under subsection (a), and to implement the issuance of cards without the assignment of additional personnel for that purpose. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS .—The Sec-
retary shall deposit amounts collected under this subsection to the account or accounts providing funds for the issuance of cards under subsection (a). 
(d) R
ECOGNITION OF RECOGNITION OF SERV-
ICEID C ARDS FOR REDUCED PRICES OF SERV-
ICES, C ONSUMER PRODUCTS , AND PHARMA -
CEUTICALS .—The Secretary of Defense may 
work with national retail chains that offer reduced prices on services, consumer prod-ucts, and pharmaceuticals to veterans to en-sure that such retail chains recognize cards issued under subsection (a) for purposes of offering reduced prices on services, consumer products, and pharmaceuticals. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 591. REVISED POLICY ON NETWORK SERV-
ICES FOR MILITARY SERVICES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF POLICY .—It is the 
policy of the United States that the Sec-retary of Defense shall minimize and reduce, to the maximum extent practicable, the number of uniformed military personnel pro-viding network services to military installa-tions within the United States. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION .—Except as provided in 
subsection (c), each military service shall be prohibited from using uniform military per-sonnel to provide network services to mili-tary installations within the United States 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) E
XCEPTION .—Nothing in subsection (b) 
shall be construed as prohibiting the use of military personnel providing network serv-ices in support of combatant commands, spe-cial operations, the intelligence community, or the United States Cyber Command, in-cluding training for these organizations. 
(d) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense or 
the Chief Information Officer may waive the prohibition in subsection (b) if necessary for the safety of human life, protection of prop-erty, or providing network services in sup-port of a combat operation. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3488 June 2, 2015 
(e) R EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than March 30, 
2016, the Chief Information Officer shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the transition of the current per-formance of network services from military personnel to other means. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) An assessment of the costs of using 
military personnel versus other means to provide network services for the military services. 
(B) An estimate of the savings of 
transitioning the current performance of network services from military personnel to other means. 
(C) An estimate of the number of military 
personnel that could be reallocated for mili-tary-unique missions. 
(f) V
ALIDATION OF COST AND SAVINGS ESTI-
MATES .—The report required under sub-
section (e) shall be validated by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation. 
SEC. 592. INCREASE IN NUMBER OF DAYS OF AC-
TIVE DUTY REQUIRED TO BE PER-FORMED BY RESERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS FOR DUTY TO BE CONSID-ERED FEDERAL SERVICE FOR PUR-POSES OF UNEMPLOYMENT COM-PENSATION FOR EX- SERVICEMEMBERS. 
(a) I NCREASE OF NUMBER OF DAYS.—Section 
8521(a)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘90 days’’ in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘180 days’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the eanctment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to periods of Federal service commencing on or after that date. 
TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER 
PERSONNEL BENEFITS 
Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances 
SEC. 601. FISCAL YEAR 2016 INCREASE IN MILI-
TARY BASIC PAY. 
(a) W AIVER OF SECTION 1009 A DJUSTMENT .— 
The adjustment to become effective during fiscal year 2016 required by section 1009 of title 37, United States Code, in the rates of monthly basic pay authorized members of the uniformed services shall not be made. 
(b) I
NCREASE IN BASIC PAY.—Effective on 
January 1, 2016, the rates of monthly basic pay for members of the uniformed services are increased by 1.3 percent for enlisted member pay grades, warrant officer pay grades, and commissioned officer pay grades below pay grade O–7. 
(c) A
PPLICATION OF EXECUTIVE SCHEDULE  
LEVEL II C EILING ON PAYABLE RATES FOR  
GENERAL AND FLAG OFFICERS .—Section 
203(a)(2) of title 37, United States Code, shall be applied for rates of basic pay payable for commissioned officers in pay grades O–7 through O–10 during calendar year 2016 by using the rate of pay for level II of the Exec-utive Schedule in effect during 2014. 
SEC. 602. MODIFICATION OF PERCENTAGE OF NA-
TIONAL AVERAGE MONTHLY COST OF HOUSING USABLE IN COMPUTA-TION OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING INSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF PERCENTAGE USABLE .— 
Section 403(b)(3)(B) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘one percent’’ and inserting ‘‘five percent’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on January 1, 2016, and shall apply with respect to computations of monthly amounts of basic allowance for housing inside the United States that occur for years beginning on or after that date. SEC. 603. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PRO-
VIDE TEMPORARY INCREASE IN RATES OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING. 
Section 403(b)(7)(E) of title 37, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 604. BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING FOR 
MARRIED MEMBERS OF THE UNI-FORMED SERVICES ASSIGNED FOR DUTY WITHIN NORMAL COMMUTING DISTANCE AND FOR OTHER MEM-BERS LIVING TOGETHER. 
(a) BAH FORMARRIED MEMBERS ASSIGNED  
FOR DUTY WITHIN NORMAL COMMUTING DIS-
TANCE .—Section 403 of title 37, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(p) S
INGLE ALLOWANCE FOR MARRIED MEM-
BERS ASSIGNED FOR DUTY WITHIN NORMAL  
COMMUTING DISTANCE .—In the event two 
members of the uniformed services entitled to receive a basic allowance for housing under this section are married to one an-other and are each assigned for duty within normal commuting distance, basic allowance for housing under this section shall be paid only to the member having the higher pay grade, or to the member having rank in grade if both members have the same pay grade, and at the rate payable for a member of such pay grade with dependents (regard-less of whether or not such members have de-pendents).’’. 
(b) BAH 
FOR OTHER MEMBERS LIVING TO-
GETHER .—Such section is further amended by 
adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(q) R
EDUCED ALLOWANCE FOR MEMBERS  
LIVING TOGETHER .—(1) In the event two or 
more members of the uniformed services who are entitled to receive a basic allowance for housing under this section live together, basic allowance for housing under this sec-tion shall be paid to each such member at the rate as follows: 
‘‘(A) In the case of such a member in a pay 
grade below pay grade E–4, the rate other-wise payable to such member under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(B) In the case of such a member in a pay 
grade above pay grade E–3, the rate equal to the greater of— 
‘‘(i) 75 percent of the rate otherwise pay-
able to such member under this section; or 
‘‘(ii) the rate payable for a member in pay 
grade E–4 without dependents. 
‘‘(2) This subsection does not apply to 
members covered by subsection (p).’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
this section shall take effect on October 1, 2015, and shall, except as provided in para-graph (2), apply with respect to allowances for basic housing payable for months begin-ning on or after that date. 
(2) P
RESERVATION OF CURRENT BAH FOR  
MEMBERS WITH UNINTERRUPTED ELIGIBILITY  
FOR BAH .—Notwithstanding any amendment 
made by this section, the monthly amount of basic allowance for housing payable to a member of the uniformed services under sec-tion 403 of title 37, United States Code, as of September 30, 2015, shall not be reduced by reason of such amendment so long as the member retains uninterrupted eligibility for such basic allowance for housing within an area of the United States or within an over-seas location (as applicable). 
SEC. 605. REPEAL OF INAPPLICABILITY OF MODI-
FICATION OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING TO BENEFITS UNDER THE LAWS ADMINISTERED BY THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subsection (b) of section 604 
of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is repealed. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on January 1, 2016. 
SEC. 606. LIMITATION ON ELIGIBILITY FOR SUP-
PLEMENTAL SUBSISTENCE ALLOW-ANCES TO MEMBERS SERVING OUT-SIDE THE UNITED STATES AND AS-SOCIATED TERRITORY. 
Section 402a(b) of title 37, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and 
paragraph (4)’’ after ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) After September 30, 2016, a member is 
eligible for a supplemental subsistence al-lowance under this section only if the mem-ber is serving outside the United States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, or Guam.’’. 
SEC. 607. AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION. 
In administering the supplemental nutri-
tion assistance program established under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.), the Secretary of Agriculture shall ensure that any safeguards that pre-vent the use or disclosure of information ob-tained from applicant households shall not prevent the use of that information by, or the disclosure of that information to, the Secretary of Defense for purposes of deter-mining the number of applicant households that contain one or more members of a reg-ular component or reserve component of the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and 
Incentive Pays 
SEC. 611. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN 
BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORI-TIES FOR RESERVE FORCES. 
The following sections of title 37, United 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 308b(g), relating to Selected Re-
serve reenlistment bonus. 
(2) Section 308c(i), relating to Selected Re-
serve affiliation or enlistment bonus. 
(3) Section 308d(c), relating to special pay 
for enlisted members assigned to certain high-priority units. 
(4) Section 308g(f)(2), relating to Ready Re-
serve enlistment bonus for persons without prior service. 
(5) Section 308h(e), relating to Ready Re-
serve enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service. 
(6) Section 308i(f), relating to Selected Re-
serve enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service. 
(7) Section 478a(e), relating to reimburse-
ment of travel expenses for inactive-duty training outside of normal commuting dis-tance. 
(8) Section 910(g), relating to income re-
placement payments for reserve component members experiencing extended and frequent mobilization for active duty service. 
SEC. 612. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN 
BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORI-TIES FOR HEALTH CARE PROFES-SIONALS. 
(a) T ITLE 10 A UTHORITIES .—The following 
sections of title 10, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 2130a(a)(1), relating to nurse of-
ficer candidate accession program. 
(2) Section 16302(d), relating to repayment 
of education loans for certain health profes-sionals who serve in the Selected Reserve. 
(b) T
ITLE 37 A UTHORITIES .—The following 
sections of title 37, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 302c-1(f), relating to accession 
and retention bonuses for psychologists. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3489 June 2, 2015 
(2) Section 302d(a)(1), relating to accession 
bonus for registered nurses. 
(3) Section 302e(a)(1), relating to incentive 
special pay for nurse anesthetists. 
(4) Section 302g(e), relating to special pay 
for Selected Reserve health professionals in critically short wartime specialties. 
(5) Section 302h(a)(1), relating to accession 
bonus for dental officers. 
(6) Section 302j(a), relating to accession 
bonus for pharmacy officers. 
(7) Section 302k(f), relating to accession 
bonus for medical officers in critically short wartime specialties. 
(8) Section 302l(g), relating to accession 
bonus for dental specialist officers in criti-cally short wartime specialties. 
SEC. 613. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF SPECIAL PAY 
AND BONUS AUTHORITIES FOR NU-CLEAR OFFICERS. 
The following sections of title 37, United 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 312(f), relating to special pay 
for nuclear-qualified officers extending pe-riod of active service. 
(2) Section 312b(c), relating to nuclear ca-
reer accession bonus. 
(3) Section 312c(d), relating to nuclear ca-
reer annual incentive bonus. 
SEC. 614. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES 
RELATING TO TITLE 37 CONSOLI-DATED SPECIAL PAY, INCENTIVE PAY, AND BONUS AUTHORITIES. 
The following sections of title 37, United 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 331(h), relating to general bonus 
authority for enlisted members. 
(2) Section 332(g), relating to general bonus 
authority for officers. 
(3) Section 333(i), relating to special bonus 
and incentive pay authorities for nuclear of-ficers. 
(4) Section 334(i), relating to special avia-
tion incentive pay and bonus authorities for officers. 
(5) Section 335(k), relating to special bonus 
and incentive pay authorities for officers in health professions. 
(6) Section 336(g), relating to contracting 
bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
(7) Section 351(h), relating to hazardous 
duty pay. 
(8) Section 352(g), relating to assignment 
pay or special duty pay. 
(9) Section 353(i), relating to skill incen-
tive pay or proficiency bonus. 
(10) Section 355(h), relating to retention in-
centives for members qualified in critical military skills or assigned to high priority units. 
SEC. 615. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES 
RELATING TO PAYMENT OF OTHER TITLE 37 BONUSES AND SPECIAL PAYS. 
The following sections of title 37, United 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 301b(a), relating to aviation of-
ficer retention bonus. 
(2) Section 307a(g), relating to assignment 
incentive pay. 
(3) Section 308(g), relating to reenlistment 
bonus for active members. 
(4) Section 309(e), relating to enlistment 
bonus. 
(5) Section 316a(g), relating to incentive 
pay for members of precommissioning pro-grams pursuing foreign language proficiency. 
(6) Section 324(g), relating to accession 
bonus for new officers in critical skills. 
(7) Section 326(g), relating to incentive 
bonus for conversion to military occupa-tional specialty to ease personnel shortage. (8) Section 327(h), relating to incentive 
bonus for transfer between Armed Forces. 
(9) Section 330(f), relating to accession 
bonus for officer candidates. 
SEC. 616. INCREASE IN MAXIMUM ANNUAL 
AMOUNT OF NUCLEAR OFFICER BONUS PAY. 
(a) I NCREASE .—Section 333(d)(1)(A) of title 
37, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$35,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on January 1, 2016, and shall apply with respect to agreements entered into under section 333 of title 37, United States Code, on or after that date. 
SEC. 617. REPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY TO 
PAY BONUS TO ENCOURAGE ARMY PERSONNEL TO REFER PERSONS FOR ENLISTMENT IN THE ARMY. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 3252 of title 10, 
United States Code, is repealed. 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 333 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 3252. 
Subtitle C—Travel and Transportation 
Allowances 
SEC. 621. REPEAL OF OBSOLETE SPECIAL TRAV-
EL AND TRANSPORTATION ALLOW-ANCE FOR SURVIVORS OF DE-CEASED MEMBERS FROM THE VIET-NAM CONFLICT. 
Section 481f of title 37, United States Code, 
is amended by striking subsection (d). 
Subtitle D—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and 
Survivor Benefits 
PART I—RETIRED PAY REFORM 
SEC. 631. THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN PARTICIPATION 
FOR MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) M ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .—Sec-
tion 8440e of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (e) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(e) M
ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) TSP CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Secretary 
concerned shall make contributions to the Thrift Savings Fund, in accordance with sec-tion 8432, except to the extent the require-ments under such section are modified by this subsection, for the benefit of a member who— 
‘‘(A) first enters a uniformed service on or 
after January 1, 2018; or 
‘‘(B) makes an election described in section 
1409(b)(4)(B) or 12739(f) of title 10. 
‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .—The amount con-
tributed under this subsection by the Sec-retary concerned for the benefit of a member described in paragraph (1) for any pay period shall be not more than 5 percent of such member’s basic pay for such pay period. 
‘‘(3) T
IMING AND DURATION OF CONTRIBU -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(A) A UTOMATIC CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Sec-
retary concerned shall make a contribution described in section 8432(c)(1) under this sub-section for the benefit of a member described in paragraph (1) for any pay period during the period that— 
‘‘(i) begins on or after the day that is 60 
days after the date the member first enters a uniformed service; and 
‘‘(ii) ends on the day such member com-
pletes 20 years of service as a member of the uniformed services. 
‘‘(B) M
ATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Sec-
retary concerned shall make a contribution described in section 8432(c)(2) under this sub-section for the benefit of a member described in paragraph (1) for any pay period during the period that— 
‘‘(i) begins on or after the day that is 2 
years and 1 day after the date the member first enters a uniformed service; and 
‘‘(ii) ends on the day such member com-
pletes 20 years of service as a member of the uniformed services. ‘‘(4) P
ROTECTIONS FOR SPOUSES AND FORMER  
SPOUSES .—Section 8435 shall apply to a mem-
ber described in paragraph (1) in the same manner as such section is applied to an em-ployee or Member under such section. 
‘‘(5) D
EFINITION OF SECRETARY CONCERNED .— 
In this subsection the term ‘Secretary con-cerned’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of title 37.’’. 
(b) A
UTOMATIC ENROLLMENT IN TSP.—Sec-
tion 8432(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (D)(ii)— (A) by striking ‘‘(ii) Members’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘(ii)(I) Except as provided in subclause (II), members’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(II) A member described in section 
8440e(e)(1) shall be an eligible individual for purposes of this paragraph.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) Notwithstanding any other provision 
of this paragraph, a member described in sec-tion 8440e(e)(1) who has declined automatic enrollment into the Thrift Savings Plan shall be automatically reenrolled, on Janu-ary 1 of the year succeeding the year for which the determination is made, to make contributions under subsection (a) at the de-fault percentage of basic pay. 
‘‘(G) In this paragraph the term ‘member’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 211 of title 37.’’. 
(c) V
ESTING .—Section 8432(g) of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking 
‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) 2 years of service in the case of a 
member of the uniformed services.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) For purposes of this subsection, a 
member of the uniformed services shall be considered to have separated from Govern-ment employment if the member is dis-charged or released from service in the uni-formed services.’’. 
(d) T
HRIFT SAVINGS PLANDEFAULT INVEST -
MENT FUND.—Section 8438(c)(2) of title 5, 
United States Code, as amended by section 2(a) of the Smarter Savings Act (Public Law 113–255), is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(A) 
Consistent with the requirements of subpara-graph (B), if an’’ and inserting ‘‘If an’’; and 
(2) by striking subparagraph (B). 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 211 of title 37, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (d); and (B) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (d). 
(2) Section 8432b(c)(2)(B) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(in-cluding pursuant to an agreement under sec-tion 211(d) of title 37)’’. 
(f) A
CTIONS TO ASSURE IMPLEMENTATION BY  
EFFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretaries con-
cerned, the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management, and the Federal Retire-ment Thrift Investment Board shall each and jointly take appropriate actions to ensure the full and effective commencement of the implementation of the amendments made by this section as of January 1, 2018. 
(2) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 37, United States Code. 
(g) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— 
(1) M ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .—The 
amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3490 June 2, 2015 
(2) O THER AMENDMENTS .—The amendments 
made by subsections (b) through (e) shall take effect on January 1, 2018. 
SEC. 632. MODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM 
FOR MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) M ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1409(b) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) M
ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) R EDUCED MULTIPLIERS FOR MEMBERS  
RECEIVING TSP MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .— 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), in the case of a member who first becomes a member of the uniformed services after Jan-uary 1, 2018, or a member who makes the election described in subparagraph (B)— 
‘‘(i) subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1) shall 
be applied by substituting ‘2’ for ‘2
1⁄2’’; 
‘‘(ii) clause (i) of paragraph (3)(B) shall be 
applied by substituting ‘60 percent’ for ‘75 percent’; and 
‘‘(iii) subclause (I) of paragraph (3)(B)(ii) 
shall be applied by substituting ‘2’ for ‘2
1⁄2’. 
‘‘(B) E LECTION TO PARTICIPATE IN MODERN -
IZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(i) E LECTION .—A member of a uniformed 
service serving on January 1, 2018, may elect to accept the reduced multipliers described in subparagraph (A) for purposes of calcu-lating the retired pay of the member. 
‘‘(ii) E
FFECT OF ELECTION .—A member mak-
ing the election described in clause (i) shall— 
‘‘(I) have the retired pay of the member 
calculated using the reduced multipliers de-scribed in subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(II) receive Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) 
matching contributions pursuant to section 8440e(e) of title 5 for periods of service be-tween the completion of 2 years of service and the completion of 20 years of service in accordance with paragraph (3)(B) of such sec-tion; and 
‘‘(III) be eligible for lump sum payments 
under section 1415 of this title. 
‘‘(iii) E
LECTION PERIOD .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subclauses (II) and (III), a member of a uni-formed service may make the election de-scribed in clause (i) during the period that begins on July 1, 2018, and ends on December 31, 2018. 
‘‘(II) H
ARDSHIP EXTENSION .—The Secretary 
concerned may extend the election period de-scribed in subclause (I) for a member who ex-periences a hardship as determined by the Secretary concerned. 
‘‘(III) M
EMBERS EXPERIENCING BREAK IN  
SERVICE .—A member of a uniformed service 
returning to service after a break in service in which falls the election period specified in subclause (I) shall make the election de-scribed in clause (i) on the date of the re-entry into service of the member. 
‘‘(iv) N
O RETROACTIVE MATCHING CONTRIBU -
TIONS PURSUANT TO ELECTION .—Thrift Sav-
ings Plan matching contributions may not be made for a member under this subpara-graph for any pay period beginning before the date of the member’s election under clause (i). 
‘‘(C) R
EGULATIONS .—Each Secretary con-
cerned shall prescribe regulations to imple-ment this paragraph.’’. 
(2) N
ON-REGULAR SERVICE .—Section 12739 of 
such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) M
ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) R EDUCED MULTIPLIERS FOR PERSONS RE -
CEIVING TSP MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .—In the 
case of a person who first performs reserve component service after January 1, 2018, after not having performed regular or re-serve component service on or before that date, or a person who makes the election de-scribed in paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) paragraph (2) of subsection (a) shall be 
applied by substituting ‘2 percent’ for ‘2
1⁄2 
percent’; 
‘‘(B) subparagraph (A) of subsection (c)(2) 
shall be applied by substituting ‘60 percent’ for ‘75 percent’; and 
‘‘(C) clause (ii) of subsection (c)(2)(B) shall 
be applied by substituting ‘2 percent’ for ‘2
1⁄2 
percent’. 
‘‘(2) E LECTION TO PARTICIPATE IN MODERN -
IZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) E LECTION .—A person performing re-
serve component service on January 1, 2018, may elect to accept the reduced multipliers described in paragraph (1) for purposes of cal-culating the retired pay of the person. 
‘‘(B) E
FFECT OF ELECTION .—A person mak-
ing the election described in subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) have the retired pay of the person cal-
culated using the reduced multipliers de-scribed in paragraph (1): 
‘‘(ii) receive Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) 
matching contributions pursuant to section 8440e(e) of title 5 for periods of service be-tween the completion of 2 years of service and the completion of 20 years of service in accordance with paragraph (3)(B) of such sec-tion; and 
‘‘(iii) be eligible for lump sum payments 
under section 1415 of this title. 
‘‘(C) E
LECTION PERIOD .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clauses (ii) and (iii), a person performing re-serve component service may make the elec-tion described in subparagraph (A) during the period that begins on July 1, 2018, and ends on December 31, 2018. 
‘‘(ii) H
ARDSHIP EXTENSION .—The Secretary 
concerned may extend the election period de-scribed in clause (i) for a person who experi-ences a hardship as determined by the Sec-retary concerned. 
‘‘(iii) P
ERSONS EXPERIENCING BREAK IN  
SERVICE .—A person returning to reserve com-
ponent service after a break in reserve com-ponent service in which falls the election pe-riod specified in clause (i) shall make the election described in subparagraph (A) on the date of the reentry into service of the per-son. 
‘‘(iv) N
O RETROACTIVE MATCHING CONTRIBU -
TIONS PURSUANT TO ELECTION .—Thrift Sav-
ings Plan matching contributions may not be made for a person under this paragraph for any pay period beginning before the date of the person’s election under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(3) R
EGULATIONS .—Each Secretary con-
cerned shall prescribe regulations to imple-ment this subsection.’’. 
(b) C
OORDINATING AMENDMENTS TO OTHER  
RETIREMENT AUTHORITIES .— 
(1) D ISABILITY , WARRANT OFFICERS , AND 
DOPMA RETIRED PAY .— 
(A) C OMPUTATION OF RETIRED PAY .—The 
table in section 1401(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(i) in paragraph (1) in column 2 of formula 
number 1, by striking ‘‘2
1⁄2% of years of serv-
ice credited to him under section 1208’’ and inserting ‘‘the retired pay multiplier deter-mined for the member under section 1409 of this title’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (1) in column 2 of formula 
number 2, by striking ‘‘2
1⁄2% of years of serv-
ice credited to him under section 1208’’ and inserting ‘‘the retired pay multiplier deter-mined for the member under section 1409 of this title’’; and 
(iii) in column 2 of each of formula number 
4 and formula number 5, by striking ‘‘section 1409(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1409’’. 
(B) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING MODERNIZED  
RETIREMENT SYSTEM .—Section 1401a(b) of 
such title is amended— 
(i) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (6); and (ii) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (5): 
‘‘(5) A DJUSTMENTS FOR PARTICIPANTS IN  
MODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .—Notwith-
standing paragraph (3), if a member makes the election described in section 1409(b)(4) of this title, the Secretary shall increase the retired pay of such member in accordance with paragraph (2).’’. 
(2) N
ATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC AD -
MINISTRATION COMMISSIONED OFFICER CORPS  
ACT OF 2002 .—Paragraph (2) of section 245(a) of 
the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 3045(a)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) the retired pay multiplier determined 
under section 1409 of such title for the num-ber of years of service that may be credited to the officer under section 1405 of such title as if the officer’s service were service as a member of the Armed Forces.’’. 
(3) T
ITLE 37 , UNITED STATES CODE .— 
(A) 15- YEAR CAREER STATUS BONUS REPAY -
MENT .—Subsection (f) of section 354 of title 
37, United States Code, is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘If a’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) If 
a’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) If a person who is paid a bonus under 
this section subsequently makes an election described in section 1409(b)(4) or 12739(f) of title 10, the person shall repay any bonus payments received under this section in the same manner as repayments are made under section 373 of this title.’’. 
(B) S
UNSET AND CONTINUATION OF PAY -
MENTS .—Such section 354 is further amended 
by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(g) S
UNSET AND CONTINUATION OF PAY-
MENTS .—(1) A Secretary concerned may not 
pay a new bonus under this section after De-cember 31, 2017. 
‘‘(2) Subject to subsection (f)(2), the Sec-
retary concerned may continue to make pay-ments after December 31, 2017, for bonuses that were awarded under this section on or before that date.’’. 
(4) P
UBLIC HEALTH SERVICE ACT .—Paragraph 
(4) of section 211(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 212) is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘at the rate of 2 
1⁄2per cen-
tum of the basic pay of the highest grade held by him as such officer’’ and inserting ‘‘calculated by multiplying the retired pay base determined under section 1406 of title 10, United States Code, by the retired pay multiplier determined under section 1409 of such title for the numbers of years of service credited to the officer under this paragraph’’; and 
(B) in the matter following subparagraph 
(B)(iii)— 
(i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘such 
pay, and’’ and inserting ‘‘such pay,’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘such 
basic pay.’’ and inserting ‘‘such basic pay, and (E) in the case of any officer who makes the election described in section 1409(b)(4) of title 10, United States Code, subparagraph (C) shall be applied by substituting ‘40 per centum’ for ‘50 per centum’ each place the term appears and subparagraph (D) shall be applied by substituting ‘60 per centum’ for ‘75 per centum’.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— 
(1) M ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEMS .—The 
amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
OORDINATING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the amendments made by subsection (b) shall take effect on January 1, 2018. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3491 June 2, 2015 
(B) T ITLE 37 AMENDMENTS .—The amend-
ments made by paragraph (3) of subsection (b) shall take effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 633. LUMP SUM PAYMENTS OF CERTAIN RE-
TIRED PAY. 
(a) L UMP SUMPAYMENTS OF CERTAIN RE-
TIRED PAY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 71 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1415. Lump sum payment of certain retired 
pay 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C OVERED RETIRED PAY .—The term ‘cov-
ered retired pay’ means retired pay under— 
‘‘(A) this title; ‘‘(B) title 14; ‘‘(C) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.); or 
‘‘(D) the Public Health Service Act (42 
U.S.C. 201 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE PERSON .—The term ‘eligible 
person’ means a person who— 
‘‘(A)(i) first becomes a member of a uni-
formed service on or after January 1, 2018; or 
‘‘(ii) makes the election described in sec-
tion 1409(b)(4) or 12739(f) of this title; and 
‘‘(B) does not retire or separate under 
chapter 61 of this title. 
‘‘(3) R ETIREMENT AGE .—The term ‘retire-
ment age’ has the meaning given the term in section 216(l) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 416(l)). 
‘‘(b) E
LECTION OF LUMP SUMPAYMENT OF  
CERTAIN RETIRED PAY.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible person enti-
tled to covered retired pay (including an eli-gible person who is entitled to such pay by reason of an election described in subsection (a)(2)(A)(ii)) may elect— 
‘‘(A) to receive a lump sum payment of the 
discounted present value at the time of the election of the amount of the covered retired pay that the eligible person is otherwise en-titled to receive for the period beginning on the date of retirement and ending on the date the eligible person attains the eligible person’s retirement age; or 
‘‘(B) to receive— ‘‘(i) a lump sum payment of an amount 
equal to 50 percent of the amount otherwise receivable by the eligible person pursuant to subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(ii) a monthly amount during the period 
described in subparagraph (A) equal to 50 percent of the amount of monthly covered retired pay the eligible person is otherwise entitled to receive during such period. 
‘‘(2) D
ISCOUNTED PRESENT VALUE .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall compute the dis-counted present value of amounts of covered retired pay that an eligible person is other-wise entitled to receive for a period for pur-poses of paragraph (1)(A) by— 
‘‘(A) estimating the aggregate amount of 
retired pay the person would receive for the period, taking into account cost-of-living ad-justments under section 1401a of this title projected by the Secretary at the time the person separates from service and would oth-erwise begin receiving covered retired pay; and 
‘‘(B) reducing the aggregate amount esti-
mated pursuant to subparagraph (A) by an appropriate percentage determined by the Secretary— 
‘‘(i) using average personal discount rates 
(as defined and calculated by the Secretary taking into consideration applicable and rep-utable studies of personal discount rates for military personnel and past actuarial experi-ence in the calculation of personal discount rates under this paragraph); and 
‘‘(ii) in accordance with generally accepted 
actuarial principles and practices. ‘‘(3) T
IMING OF ELECTION .—An eligible per-
son shall make the election under this sub-section not later than 90 days before the date of the retirement of the eligible person from the uniformed services. 
‘‘(4) S
INGLE PAYMENT OR COMBINATION OF  
PAYMENTS .—An eligible person may elect to 
receive a lump sum payment under this sub-section in a single payment or in a combina-tion of payments. 
‘‘(5) C
OMMENCEMENT OF PAYMENT .—An eligi-
ble person who makes an election under this subsection shall receive the lump sum pay-ment, or the first installment of a combina-tion of payments of the lump sum payment if elected under paragraph (4), as follows: 
‘‘(A) Not later than 60 days after the date 
of the retirement of the eligible person from the uniformed services. 
‘‘(B) In the case of an eligible person who 
is a member of a reserve component, not later than 60 days after the later of— 
‘‘(i) the date on which the eligible person 
attains 60 years of age; or 
‘‘(ii) the date on which the eligible person 
first becomes entitled to covered retired pay. 
‘‘(6) N
O SUBSEQUENT ADJUSTMENT .—An eli-
gible person who accepts payment of a lump sum under this subsection may not seek the review of or otherwise challenge the amount of the lump sum in light of any variation in cost-of-living adjustments under section 1401a of this title, actuarial assumptions, or other factors used by the Secretary in calcu-lating the amount of the lump sum that occur after the Secretary pays the lump sum. 
‘‘(c) R
ESUMPTION OF MONTHLY ANNUITY .— 
‘‘(1) G ENERAL RULE .—Subject to paragraph 
(2), an eligible person who makes an election described in subsection (b) shall be entitled to receive the eligible person’s monthly cov-ered retired pay calculated in accordance with paragraph (2) after the eligible person attains the eligible person’s retirement age. 
‘‘(2) R
ESTORATION OF FULL RETIREMENT  
AMOUNT AT RETIREMENT AGE .—The retired 
pay of an eligible person who makes an elec-tion described in subsection (a) shall be re-computed, effective on the first day of the first month beginning after the person at-tains the eligible person’s retirement age, so as to be an amount equal to the amount of covered retired pay to which the eligible per-son would otherwise be entitled on that date if the annual increases, in the retired pay of the eligible person made to reflect changes in the Consumer Price Index, had been made in accordance with section 1401a of this title. 
‘‘(d) P
AYMENT OF RETIRED PAY TO PERSONS  
NOTMAKING ELECTION .—An eligible person 
who does not make the election described in subsection (b) shall be paid the retired pay to which the eligible person is otherwise enti-tled under the applicable provisions of law referred to in subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of De-
fense concerned shall prescribe regulations to carry out the provisions of this section.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘1415. Lump sum payment of certain retired 
pay.’’. 
(3) P
AYMENTS FROM DEPARTMENT OF DE -
FENSE MILITARY RETIREMENT FUND .—Section 
1463(a)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or 1414’’ and inserting ‘‘, 1414, or 1415’’. 
(b) O
FFSET OF VETERANS PENSION AND COM-
PENSATION BY AMOUNT OF LUMP SUMPAY-
MENTS .—Section 5304 of title 38, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d)(1) Other than amounts payable under 
section 1413a or 1414 of title 10, the amount of pension and compensation benefits payable 
to a person under this title shall be reduced by the amount of any lump sum payment made to such person under section 1415 of title 10. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary shall collect any reduc-
tion under paragraph (1) from amounts oth-erwise payable to the person under this title, including pension and compensation payable under this title, before any pension and com-pensation payments under this title may be paid to the person.’’. 
SEC. 634. CONTINUATION PAY AFTER 12 YEARS 
OF SERVICE FOR MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES PARTICI-PATING IN THE MODERNIZED RE-TIREMENT SYSTEMS. 
(a) C ONTINUATION PAY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 5 
of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sections: 
‘‘§ 356. Continuation pay after 12 years of 
service: members participating in modern-ized retirement systems 
‘‘(a) C
ONTINUATION PAY.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary concerned 
shall make a payment of continuation pay to each member of the uniformed services under the jurisdiction of the Secretary who— 
‘‘(A)(i) first becomes a member of a uni-
formed service after January 1, 2018; or 
‘‘(ii) subject to paragraph (2), makes the 
election described in section 1409(b)(4) or 12739(f) of title 10; and 
‘‘(B) after the date on which the member 
satisfies the applicable requirement in sub-paragraph (A)— 
‘‘(i) completes 12 years of service; and ‘‘(ii) enters into an agreement with the 
Secretary to serve for an additional 4 years of obligated service. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY DEPENDENT ON ELECTION  
BEFORE COMPLETION OF 12 YEARS OF SERVICE .— 
A member who makes an election described in paragraph (1)(A)(ii) after the member completes 12 years of service is not eligible for continuation pay under this section. 
‘‘(b) A
MOUNT .—The amount of continuation 
pay payable to a member under this section shall be the amount that is equal to— 
‘‘(1) in the case of a member of a regular 
component— 
‘‘(A) the monthly basic pay of the member 
at 12 years of service multiplied by 2.5; plus 
‘‘(B) at the discretion of the Secretary con-
cerned, the monthly basic pay of the member at 12 years of service multiplied by such number of months (not to exceed 13 months) as the Secretary concerned shall specify in the agreement of the member under sub-section (a); and 
‘‘(2) in the case of a member of a reserve 
component— 
‘‘(A) the amount of monthly basic pay to 
which the member would be entitled at 12 years of service if the member were a mem-ber of a regular component multiplied by 0.5; plus 
‘‘(B) at the discretion of the Secretary con-
cerned, the amount of monthly basic pay de-scribed in subparagraph (A) multiplied by such number of months (not to exceed 6 months) as the Secretary concerned shall specify in the agreement of the member under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) T
IMING OF PAYMENT .—The Secretary 
concerned shall pay continuation pay under this section to a member when the member completes 12 years of service. 
‘‘(d) L
UMPSUM OR INSTALLMENTS .—A mem-
ber may elect to receive continuation pay under this section in a lump sum or in a se-ries of not more than 4 payments. 
‘‘(e) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER PAY AND AL-
LOWANCES .—Continuation pay under this sec-
tion is in addition to any other pay or allow-ance to which the member is entitled. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3492 June 2, 2015 
‘‘(f) R EPAYMENT .—A member who receives 
continuation pay under this section and fails to complete the obligated service required under subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii) shall be subject to the repayment provisions of section 373 of this title. 
‘‘(g) R
EGULATIONS .—Each Secretary con-
cerned shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 5 of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘356. Continuation pay after 12 years of serv-
ice: members participating in modernized retirement sys-tems.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on January 1, 2018, and shall apply with respect to agreements entered into under section 356 of title 37, United States Code, after that date. 
SEC. 635. AUTHORITY FOR RETIREMENT FLEXI-
BILITY FOR MEMBERS OF THE UNI-FORMED SERVICES. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR RETIREMENT FLEXI-
BILITY .—Chapter 63 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘§ 1276. Retirement flexibility: authority to 
modify years of service required for retire-ment for particular occupational speciali-ties or other groupings 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary con-cerned may modify the years of service re-quired for an eligible member to retire, to greater than or fewer than 20 years of serv-ice, in order to facilitate management ac-tions that shape the personnel profile or cor-rect manpower shortages within an occupa-tional specialty or other grouping of mem-bers of the uniformed services. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE MEMBER DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘eligible member’ means a member of the uniformed services working in an occupational specialty or other group-ing designated by the Secretary concerned as in need of a management action described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) N
OTICE -AND-WAIT.— 
‘‘(1) N OTICE REQUIRED .—The Secretary con-
cerned shall submit to Congress notice of any proposed modification under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary concerned 
may not implement a proposed modification under subsection (a) until one year after the day on which the notice of the modification is submitted to Congress under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .—The Secretary con-
cerned may only modify the required years of service under subsection (a) for an eligible member who first becomes a member of a uniformed service on or after the date of the expiration of the one year period described in subsection (c)(2) that is applicable to the oc-cupational specialty or other grouping in which the eligible member works.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 63 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘1276. Retirement flexibility: authority to 
modify years of service required for retirement for particular occupational specialities or other groupings.’’. 
SEC. 636. TREATMENT OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE MILITARY RETIREMENT FUND AS A QUALIFIED TRUST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 74 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 1468. Treatment as a qualified trust 
‘‘For purposes of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 1 et seq.)— 
‘‘(1) the Fund shall be treated as a trust de-
scribed in section 401(a) of such Code (26 U.S.C. 401(a)) which is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code (26 U.S.C. 501(a)); and 
‘‘(2) any contribution to, or distribution 
from, the Fund shall be treated in the same manner as contributions to or distributions from such a trust.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 74 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘1468. Treatment as a qualified trust.’’. 
PART II—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 641. DEATH OF FORMER SPOUSE BENE-
FICIARIES AND SUBSEQUENT RE-MARRIAGES UNDER SURVIVOR BEN-EFIT PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1448(b) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(7) E
FFECT OF DEATH OF FORMER SPOUSE  
BENEFICIARY .— 
‘‘(A) T ERMINATION OF PARTICIPATION IN  
PLAN .—A person who elects to provide an an-
nuity to a former spouse under paragraph (2) or (3) and whose former spouse subsequently dies is no longer a participant in the Plan, effective on the date of death of the former spouse. 
‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY FOR ELECTION OF NEW  
SPOUSE BENEFICIARY .—If a person’s participa-
tion in the Plan is discontinued by reason of the death of a former spouse beneficiary, the person may elect to resume participation in the Plan and to elect a new spouse bene-ficiary as follows: 
‘‘(i) M
ARRIED ON THE DATE OF DEATH OF  
FORMER SPOUSE .—A person who is married at 
the time of the death of the former spouse beneficiary may elect to provide coverage to 
that person’s spouse. Such an election must be received by the Secretary concerned with-in one year after the date of death of the former spouse beneficiary. 
‘‘(ii) M
ARRIAGE AFTER DEATH OF FORMER  
SPOUSE BENEFICIARY .—A person who is not 
married at the time of the death of the former spouse beneficiary and who later marries may elect to provide spouse cov-erage. Such an election must be received by the Secretary concerned within one year after the date on which that person marries. 
‘‘(C) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF ELECTION .—The ef-
fective date of election under this paragraph shall be as follows: 
‘‘(i) An election under subparagraph (B)(i) 
is effective as of the first day of the first cal-endar month following the death of the former spouse beneficiary. 
‘‘(ii) An election under subparagraph (B)(ii) 
is effective as of the first day of the first cal-endar month following the month in which the election is received by the Secretary concerned. 
‘‘(D) L
EVEL OF COVERAGE .—A person mak-
ing an election under subparagraph (B) may not reduce the base amount previously elect-ed. 
‘‘(E) P
ROCEDURES .—An election under this 
paragraph shall be in writing, signed by the participant, and made in such form and man-ner as the Secretary concerned may pre-scribe. 
‘‘(F) I
RREVOCABILITY .—An election under 
this paragraph is irrevocable.’’. 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—Paragraph (7) of sec-
tion 1448(b) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with re-spect to any person whose former spouse beneficiary dies on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY TO FORMER SPOUSE  
DEATHS BEFORE ENACTMENT .— (1) I N GENERAL .—A person— 
(A) who before the date of the enactment 
of this Act had a former spouse beneficiary under the Survivor Benefit Plan who died be-fore that date; and 
(B) who on the date of the enactment of 
this Act is married, 
may elect to provide spouse coverage for 
such spouse under the Plan, regardless of whether the person married such spouse be-fore or after the death of the former spouse beneficiary. Any such election may only be made during the one-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF ELECTION IF MARRIED  
AT LEAST A YEAR AT DEATH FORMER SPOUSE .— 
If the person providing the annuity was mar-ried to the spouse beneficiary for at least one year at the time of the death of the former spouse beneficiary, the effective date of such election shall be the first day of the first month after the death of the former spouse beneficiary. 
(3) O
THER EFFECTIVE DATE .—If the person 
providing the annuity married the spouse beneficiary after (or during the one-year pe-riod preceding) the death of the former spouse beneficiary, the effective date of the election shall be the first day of the first month following the first anniversary of the person’s marriage to the spouse beneficiary. 
(4) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR PREMIUMS .—A per-
son electing to participate in the Plan under this subsection shall be responsible for pay-ment of all premiums due from the effective date of the election. 
SEC. 642. TRANSITIONAL COMPENSATION AND 
OTHER BENEFITS FOR DEPENDENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES INELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE RETIRED PAY AS A RESULT OF COURT-MARTIAL SENTENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 53 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1059 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1059a. Dependents of members of the 
armed forces ineligible to receive retired pay as a result of court-martial sentence: transitional compensation and other bene-fits; commissary and exchange benefits 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TOPAYCOMPENSATION .— 
The Secretary of Defense, with respect to the armed forces (other than the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy), and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, may each carry out a program under which the Secretary may pay monthly transitional compensation in accordance with this sec-tion to dependents or former dependents of a member of the armed forces described in sub-section (b) who is under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. 
‘‘(b) M
EMBERS COVERED .—This section ap-
plies in the case of a member of the armed forces eligible for retired or retainer pay under this title for years of service who— 
‘‘(1) is separated from the armed forces 
pursuant to the sentence of a court-martial as a result of misconduct while a member; and 
‘‘(2) has eligibility to receive retired pay 
terminated pursuant to such sentence. 
‘‘(c) R
ECIPIENT OF PAYMENTS .—(1) In the 
case of a member of the armed forces de-scribed in subsection (b), the Secretary may pay compensation under this section to de-pendents or former dependents of the mem-ber as follows: 
‘‘(A) If the member was married at the 
time of the commission of the offense result-ing in separation from the armed forces, such compensation may be paid to the spouse or former spouse to whom the mem-ber was married at that time, including an amount for each, if any, dependent child of 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3493 June 2, 2015 
the member who resides in the same house-
hold as that spouse or former spouse. 
‘‘(B) If there is a spouse or former spouse 
who is or, but for subsection (d)(2), would be eligible for compensation under this section and if there is a dependent child of the mem-ber who does not reside in the same house-hold as that spouse or former spouse, com-pensation under this section may be paid to each such dependent child of the member who does not reside in that household. 
‘‘(C) If there is no spouse or former spouse 
who is or, but for subsection (d)(2), would be eligible under this section, compensation under this section may be paid to the de-pendent children of the member. 
‘‘(2) A dependent or former dependent of a 
member described in subsection (b) is not eli-gible for transitional compensation under this section if the Secretary concerned de-termines (under regulations prescribed under subsection (g)) that the dependent or former dependent either— 
‘‘(A) was an active participant in the con-
duct constituting the offense under chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) for which the member was convicted and separated from the armed forces; or 
‘‘(B) did not cooperate with the investiga-
tion of such conduct. 
‘‘(d) C
OMMENCEMENT AND DURATION OF PAY-
MENT .—(1) Payment of transitional com-
pensation under this section shall com-mence— 
‘‘(A) as of the date the court-martial sen-
tence is adjudged if the sentence, as ad-judged, includes— 
‘‘(i) a dismissal, dishonorable discharge, or 
bad conduct discharge; and 
‘‘(ii) forfeiture of all pay and allowances; 
or 
‘‘(B) if there is a pretrial agreement that 
provides for disapproval or suspension of the dismissal, dishonorable discharge, bad con-duct discharge, or forfeiture of all pay and allowances, as of the date of the approval of the court-martial sentence by the person acting under section 860(c) of this title (arti-cle 60(c) of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice) if the sentence, as approved, includes— 
‘‘(i) an unsuspended dismissal, dishonor-
able discharge, or bad conduct discharge; and 
‘‘(ii) forfeiture of all pay and allowances. 
‘‘(2) Paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection 
(e), paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (g), and subsections (f) and (h) of section 1059 of this title shall apply in determining— 
‘‘(A) the amount of transitional compensa-
tion to be paid under this section; 
‘‘(B) the period for which such compensa-
tion may be paid; and 
‘‘(C) the circumstances under which the 
payment of such compensation may or will cease. 
‘‘(e) C
OMMISSARY AND EXCHANGE BENE-
FITS.—A dependent or former dependent who 
receives transitional compensation under this section shall, while receiving such pay-ments, be entitled to use commissary and ex-change stores in the same manner as pro-vided in subsection (j) of section 1059 of this title. 
‘‘(f) C
OORDINATION OF BENEFITS .—(1) The 
Secretary concerned may not make pay-ments to a spouse or former spouse under both this section, on the one hand, and sec-tion 1059, 1408(h), or 1408(i) of this title, on the other hand. In the case of a spouse or former spouse for whom a court order pro-vides for payments pursuant to section 1408(h) or 1408(i) of this title and to whom the Secretary offers payments under this section or section 1059 of this title, the spouse or former spouse shall elect which payments to receive. 
‘‘(2) Upon the cessation of payments of 
transitional compensation to a spouse or former spouse under this section pursuant to subsection (d)(2), a spouse or former spouse 
who elected payments of transitional com-pensation under this section and either re-mains or becomes eligible for payments under section 1408(h) or 1408(i) of this title, as applicable, may commence receipt of pay-ments under such section 1408(h) or 1408(i) in accordance with such section. 
‘‘(g) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section with respect to the armed forces (other than the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy). The Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section with re-spect to the Coast Guard when it is not oper-ating as a service in the Navy. 
‘‘(h) D
EPENDENT CHILD DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘dependent child’, with re-spect to a member or former member of the armed forces referred to in subsection (b), has the meaning given such term in sub-section (l) of section 1059 of this title, except that status as a ‘dependent child’ shall be de-termined as of the date on which the member described in subsection (b) is convicted of the offense concerned.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 53 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1059 the following new item: 
‘‘1059a. Dependents of members of the armed 
forces ineligible to receive re-tired pay as a result of court- martial sentence: transitional compensation and other bene-fits; commissary and exchange benefits.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection 
(i) of section 1059 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(i) C
OORDINATION OF BENEFITS .—The Sec-
retary concerned may not make payments to a spouse or former spouse under both this section, on the one hand, and section 1059a, 1408(h), or 1408(i) of this title, on the other 
hand. In the case of a spouse or former spouse for whom a court order provides for payments pursuant to section 1408(h) or 1408(i) of this title and to whom the Sec-retary offers payments under this section or section 1059a of this title, the spouse or former spouse shall elect which payments to receive.’’. 
Subtitle E—Commissary and Non-Appro-
priated Fund Instrumentality Benefits and Operations 
SEC. 651. COMMISSARY SYSTEM MATTERS. 
(a) O PERATING EXPENSES .—Section 2483 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘supplies 
and’’; 
(B) by striking (5); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-
graph (5); and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsections: 
‘‘(d) T
RANSPORTATION COSTS FOR CERTAIN  
GOODS AND SUPPLIES .—Appropriated funds 
may be used to pay any costs associated with the transportation of commissary goods and supplies to overseas areas, but only to the extent that the working capital fund for commissary operations is reimbursed for the payment of such costs. The sales prices in commissary stores worldwide shall be ad-justed in an equal percentage to the extent necessary to provide sufficient gross reve-nues from such sales to make such reim-bursements. 
‘‘(e) U
NIFORM SYSTEM -WIDE PRICING .—The 
defense commissary system shall be man-aged with the objective of attaining uniform system-wide pricing.’’. 
(b) P
RICING AND SURCHARGES .—Section 2484 
of such title is amended— (1) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following new subsection (e): 
‘‘(e) S ALES PRICE ESTABLISHMENT .—The 
Secretary of Defense shall establish the sales price of merchandise sold in, at, or by com-missary stores in amounts sufficient to fi-nance operating expenses as prescribed in section 2483(b) of this title and the replenish-ment of inventories.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (h)— (A) in the subsection caption, by striking 
‘‘
ANDMAINTENANCE ’’ and inserting ‘‘M AINTE -
NANCE , AND PURCHASE OF OPERATING SUP-
PLIES ’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) in clause (ii), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(iii) to purchase operating supplies for 
commissary stores.’’. 
(c) O
VERSEAS TRANSPORTATION .—Section 
2643(b) of such title is amended by striking the first sentence and inserting the following new sentence: ‘‘Defense working capital funds may be used to cover the transpor-tation costs of commissary goods and sup-plies as provided in section 2483(d) of this title.’’. 
SEC. 652. PLAN ON PRIVATIZATION OF THE DE-
FENSE COMMISSARY SYSTEM. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth a plan for the privatiza-tion, in whole or in part, of the defense com-missary system of the Department of De-fense. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
consult with major grocery retailers in the continental United States in developing the plan. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .— 
(1) P LAN ELEMENTS .—The plan required by 
subsection (a) shall ensure the provision of high quality grocery goods and products, dis-count savings to patrons, and high levels of customer satisfaction while achieving sav-ings for the Department of Defense. 
(2) R
EPORT ELEMENTS .—The report required 
by subsection (a) should include— 
(A) an evaluation of the current rates of 
basic pay and basic allowance for subsistence payable to members of the Armed Forces, and an assessment whether such pay and al-lowance should be adjusted to ensure that members maintain purchasing power for gro-cery goods and products under the plan; and 
(B) an estimate of any initial and long- 
term costs or savings to the Department as a result of the implementation of the plan. 
(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS FOR LEGISLATIVE AC -
TION.—The plan shall include recommenda-
tions for such legislative action as the Sec-retary considers appropriate to implement the plan. 
(c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED  
STATES ASSESSMENT OF PLAN.—Not later 
than 120 days after the submittal of the re-port required by subsection (a), the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the committees of Congress re-ferred to in that subsection a report setting forth an assessment by the Comptroller Gen-eral of the plan set forth in the report re-quired by that subsection. 
(d) P
ILOT PROGRAM ON PRIVATIZATION .— 
(1) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—Com-
mencing as soon as practicable after the sub-mittal to Congress of the report required by subsection (c), the Secretary shall carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of the plan set forth in the re-port required by subsection (a). 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3494 June 2, 2015 
(2) N UMBER AND LOCATION OF COM -
MISSARIES .—The pilot program shall involve 
not fewer than five commissaries selected by the Secretary for purposes of the pilot pro-gram from among commissaries in the larg-est markets of the defense commissary sys-tem in the United States. 
(3) S
COPE OF PILOT PROGRAM .—The Sec-
retary shall carry out the pilot program in accordance with the plan described in para-graph (1) as modified by the Secretary in light of the assessment of the plan by the Comptroller General pursuant to subsection (c). The Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a notice on any modifications made to the plan for purposes of the pilot program in light of the assess-ment. 
(4) A
DDITIONAL ELEMENT ON ONLINE PUR -
CHASES .—In an addition to any requirements 
under paragraph (3), the Secretary may in-clude in the pilot program a component de-signed to permit eligible beneficiaries of the defense commissary system in the catchment areas of the commissaries se-lected for participation in the pilot program to order and purchase grocery goods and products otherwise available through the de-fense commissary system through the Inter-net and to receive items so ordered through home delivery. 
(5) D
URATION .—The duration of the pilot 
program shall be two years. 
(6) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House 
of Representatives a report on the pilot pro-gram, including— 
(A) an assessment of the feasibility and ad-
visability of carrying out the plan described in paragraph (1), as modified, if at all, as de-scribed in paragraph (3); and 
(B) a description of any modifications to 
the plan the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program. SEC. 653. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE 
UNITED STATES REPORT ON THE COMMISSARY SURCHARGE, NON-AP-PROPRIATED FUND, AND PRI-VATELY-FINANCED MAJOR CON-STRUCTION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the Commissary Surcharge, Non-appropriated Fund and Pri-vately-Financed Major Construction Pro-gram of the Department of Defense. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment whether the Secretary of 
Defense has established policies and proce-dures to ensure the timely submittal to the committees of Congress referred to in sub-section (a) of notice on construction projects proposed to be funded through the program referred to in that subsection. 
(2) An assessment whether the Secretaries 
of the military departments have developed and implemented policies and procedures to comply with the policies and directives of the Department of Defense for the submittal to such committees of Congress of notice on such construction projects. 
(3) An assessment whether the Secretary of 
Defense has established policies and proce-dures to notify such committees of Congress when such construction projects have been commenced without notice to Congress. 
(4) An assessment whether construction 
projects described in paragraph (3) have been completed before submittal of notice to Con-gress as described in that paragraph and, if so, a list of such projects. 
TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care 
Benefits 
SEC. 701. URGENT CARE AUTHORIZATION UNDER 
THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) U RGENT CARE.— (1) I N GENERAL .—In accordance with the 
regulations prescribed under this section, a covered beneficiary under the TRICARE pro-gram shall have access to up to four urgent care visits per year under that program without the need for preauthorization for such visits. 
(2) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prescribe regulations to carry out paragraph (1). 
(b) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) publish information on any modifica-
tions made pursuant to subsection (a) to the authorization requirements for the receipt of urgent care under the TRICARE program— 
(A) on the primary Internet website that is 
available to the public of the Department; and 
(B) on the primary Internet website that is 
available to the public of each military med-ical treatment facility; and 
(2) ensure that such information is made 
available on the primary Internet website that is available to the public of each cur-rent managed care contractor that has es-tablished a health care provider network under the TRICARE program. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE pro-gram’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 702. MODIFICATIONS OF COST-SHARING RE-
QUIREMENTS FOR THE TRICARE PHARMACY BENEFITS PROGRAM. 
Paragraph (6) of section 1074g(a) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(6)(A) In the case of any of the years 2016 
through 2025, the cost-sharing amounts under this subsection shall be determined in accordance with the following table: 
‘‘For: The cost-sharing 
amount for 30-day supply of a retail ge-neric is: The cost-sharing 
amount for 30-day supply of a retail for-mulary is: The cost-sharing 
amount for a 90-day supply of a mail order generic is: The cost-sharing 
amount for a 90-day supply of a mail order formulary is: The cost-sharing 
amount for a 90-day supply of a mail order non-formulary is: 
2016 $8 $28 $0 $28 $54 
2017 $8 $30 $0 $30 $58 
2018 $8 $32 $0 $32 $62 
2019 $9 $34 $9 $34 $66 
2020 $10 $36 $10 $36 $70 
2021 $11 $38 $11 $38 $75 
2022 $12 $40 $12 $40 $80 
2023 $13 $43 $13 $43 $85 
2024 $14 $45 $14 $45 $90 
2025 $14 $46 $14 $46 $92 
‘‘(B) For any year after 2025, the cost-shar-
ing amounts under this subsection shall be equal to the cost-sharing amounts for the previous year adjusted by an amount, if any, determined by the Secretary to reflect changes in the costs of pharmaceutical agents and prescription dispensing, rounded to the nearest dollar. 
‘‘(C) Notwithstanding subparagraphs (A) 
and (B), the cost-sharing amounts under this subsection for any year for a dependent of a member of the uniformed services who dies 
while on active duty, a member retired under chapter 61 of this title, or a dependent of such a member shall be equal to the cost- 
sharing amounts, if any, for 2015.’’. 
SEC. 703. EXPANSION OF CONTINUED HEALTH 
BENEFITS COVERAGE TO INCLUDE DISCHARGED AND RELEASED MEM-BERS OF THE SELECTED RESERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
1078a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) A member of the Selected Reserve of 
the Ready Reserve of a reserve component of the armed forces who— 
‘‘(A) is discharged or released from service 
in the Selected Reserve, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, under other than adverse conditions, as characterized by the Secretary concerned; 
‘‘(B) immediately preceding that discharge 
or release, is eligible to enroll in TRICARE Standard coverage under section 1076d of this title; and 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3495 June 2, 2015 
‘‘(C) after that discharge or release, would 
not otherwise be eligible for any benefits under this chapter.’’. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY .—Sub-
section (c)(2) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘or subsection (b)(2)’’ after ‘‘sub-
section (b)(1)’’. 
(c) E
LECTION OF COVERAGE .—Subsection (d) 
of such section is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) In the case of a member described in 
subsection (b)(2), the written election shall be submitted to the Secretary concerned be-fore the end of the 60-day period beginning on the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date of the discharge or release of 
the member from service in the Selected Re-serve; and 
‘‘(B) the date the member receives the no-
tification required pursuant to subsection (c).’’. 
(d) C
OVERAGE OF DEPENDENTS .—Subsection 
(e) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘or subsection (b)(2)’’ after ‘‘subsection (b)(1)’’. 
(e) P
ERIOD OF CONTINUED COVERAGE .—Sub-
section (g)(1) of such section is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) 
through (D) as subparagraphs (C) through (E); and 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following new subparagraph (B): 
‘‘(B) in the case of a member described in 
subsection (b)(2), the date which is 18 months after the date the member ceases to be eligi-ble to enroll in TRICARE Standard coverage under section 1076d of this title;’’. 
(f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sec-
tion is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(4)’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by 
subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(4)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (b)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(5)’’; 
(3) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (b)(2) or subsection (b)(3)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (b)(3) or subsection (b)(4)’’; and 
(4) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated by 
subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(4)’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (E), as so redesig-
nated, by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(4)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (b)(5)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(B)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘paragraph (1)(C)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(C)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘paragraph (1)(D)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘subsection (b)(4)’’. SEC. 704. EXPANSION OF REIMBURSEMENT FOR 
SMOKING CESSATION SERVICES FOR CERTAIN TRICARE BENEFICIARIES. 
Section 713(f) of the Duncan Hunter Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4503) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘during 
fiscal year 2009’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘during 
such period’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘during 
fiscal year 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘after Sep-tember 30, 2008’’. 
SEC. 705. PILOT PROGRAM ON TREATMENT OF 
MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES FOR POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DIS-ORDER RELATED TO MILITARY SEX-UAL TRAUMA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may conduct a pilot program to provide in-tensive outpatient programs to treat mem-bers of the Armed Forces suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder resulting from military sexual trauma, including treatment for substance abuse, depression, and other issues related to such conditions. 
(b) G
RANTS TO COMMUNITY PARTNERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may carry out the pilot program through the award of grants to community partners de-scribed in paragraph (2). 
(2) C
OMMUNITY PARTNERS .—A community 
partner described in this paragraph is a pri-vate health care organization or institution that— 
(A) provides health care to members of the 
Armed Forces; 
(B) provides evidence-based treatment for 
psychological and neurological conditions that are common among members of the Armed Forces, including post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, sub-stance abuse, and depression; 
(C) provides health care, support, and other 
benefits to family members of members of the Armed Forces; and 
(D) provides health care under the 
TRICARE program (as that term is defined in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code). 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS OF GRANT RECIPIENTS .— 
Each community partner awarded a grant under subsection (b) shall— 
(1) carry out intensive outpatient pro-
grams of short duration to treat members of the Armed Forces suffering from post-trau-matic stress disorder resulting from military sexual trauma, including treatment for sub-stance abuse, depression, and other issues re-lated to such conditions; 
(2) use evidence-based and evidence-in-
formed treatment strategies in carrying out such programs; 
(3) share clinical and outreach best prac-
tices with other community partners partici-pating in the pilot program; and 
(4) annually assess outcomes for members 
of the Armed Forces individually and throughout the community partner with re-spect to the treatment of conditions de-scribed in paragraph (1). 
(d) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the costs of a program carried out by a com-munity partner using a grant under this sec-tion may not exceed 50 percent. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary of De-
fense may not carry out the conduct of the pilot program after the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
SEC. 711. ACCESS TO HEALTH CARE UNDER THE 
TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) A CCESS TO HEALTH CARE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall ensure that covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program seeking an appoint-ment for health care under such program at 
a military medical treatment facility obtain such an appointment at such facility within the wait-time goals specified for the receipt of such health care pursuant to the health care access standards established under sub-section (b). 
(2) U
SE OF CONTRACT AUTHORITY .—If a cov-
ered beneficiary is unable to obtain an ap-pointment within the wait-time goals de-scribed in paragraph (1), such covered bene-ficiary shall be offered an appointment with-in such wait-time goals with a health care provider with which a contract has been en-tered into under the TRICARE program. 
(b) S
TANDARDS FOR ACCESS TO CARE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish health care ac-cess standards, including wait-time goals for appointments, for the receipt of health care under the TRICARE program, whether re-ceived at military medical treatment facili-ties or from health care providers with which 
a contract has been entered into under such program. 
(2) C
ATEGORIES OF CARE .—The health care 
access standards established under para-graph (1) shall include standards with re-spect to the following categories of health care: 
(A) Primary care, including pediatric care, 
maternity care, gynecological care, and other subcategories of primary care. 
(B) Specialty care, including behavioral 
health care and other subcategories of spe-cialty care. 
(3) M
ODIFICATIONS .—The Secretary may 
modify the health care access standards es-tablished under paragraph (1) whenever the Secretary considers the modification of such standards appropriate. 
(4) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall pub-
lish the health care access standards estab-lished under paragraph (1), and any modifica-tions to such standards, in the Federal Reg-ister and on a publicly accessible Internet website of the Department of Defense. 
(c) P
UBLICATION OF APPOINTMENT WAIT 
TIMES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish on a publicly ac-cessible Internet website of each military medical treatment facility that offers a cat-egory or subcategory of health care covered by the standards under subsection (b)(2) the average wait-time for a covered beneficiary for an appointment at such facility for the receipt of each such category and sub-category of health care. 
(2) M
ODIFICATIONS .—Whenever there is a 
modification of a wait-time for a category or subcategory of health care published under this subsection, the Secretary shall publish on a publicly accessible Internet website of each military medical treatment facility that provides such category or subcategory of health care the modified wait-time for such category or subcategory of health care. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE pro-gram’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 712. PORTABILITY OF HEALTH PLANS 
UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) H EALTH PLANPORTABILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall ensure that covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program who are covered under a health plan under such program are able to seamlessly access health care under such health plan in each TRICARE program region. 
(2) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prescribe regulations to carry out paragraph (1). 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3496 June 2, 2015 
(b) M ECHANISMS TO ENSURE PORTABILITY .— 
In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall do the following: 
(1) Provide for the automatic electronic 
transfer of demographic, enrollment, and claims information between the contractors responsible for administering the TRICARE program in each TRICARE region when cov-ered beneficiaries under the TRICARE pro-gram relocate between such regions. 
(2) Ensure such covered beneficiaries are 
able to obtain a new primary health care provider within ten days of undergoing such relocation. 
(3) Develop a process for such covered bene-
ficiaries to receive urgent care without preauthorization while undergoing such relo-cation. 
(c) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) publish information on any modifica-
tions made pursuant to subsection (a) with respect to the ability of covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program who are cov-ered under a health plan under such program to access health care in each TRICARE re-gion on the primary Internet website of the Department that is available to the public; and 
(2) ensure that such information is made 
available on the primary Internet website that is available to the public of each cur-rent contractor responsible for admin-istering the TRICARE program. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE pro-gram’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 713. IMPROVEMENT OF MENTAL HEALTH 
CARE PROVIDED BY HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) T RAINING ON RECOGNITION AND MANAGE -
MENT OF RISK OF SUICIDE .— 
(1) I NITIAL TRAINING .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that all primary care and mental health care providers of the Department of Defense re-ceive, or have already received, evidence- based training on the recognition and assess-ment of individuals at risk for suicide and the management of such risk. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL TRAINING .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that providers who receive, or have already received, training described in paragraph (1) receive such additional train-ing thereafter as may be required based on evidence-based changes in health care prac-tices. 
(b) A
SSESSMENT OF MENTAL HEALTH WORK-
FORCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report assessing the mental health workforce of the Department of Defense and the long-term mental health care needs of members of the Armed Forces and their dependents for pur-poses of determining the long-term require-ments of the Department for mental health care providers. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of the following: 
(A) The number of mental health care pro-
viders of the Department of Defense as of the date of the submittal of the report, disaggregated by specialty, including psychi-atrists, psychologists, social workers, men-tal health counselors, and marriage and fam-ily therapists. 
(B) The number of mental health care pro-
viders that are anticipated to be needed by the Department. 
(C) The types of mental health care pro-
viders that are anticipated to be needed by the Department. (D) Locations in which mental health care 
providers are anticipated to be needed by the Department. 
(c) P
LAN FOR DEVELOPMENT OF PROCEDURES  
TOMEASURE MENTAL HEALTH DATA.—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a plan for the Department of Defense to develop procedures to compile and assess data relating to the following: 
(1) Outcomes for mental health care pro-
vided by the Department. 
(2) Variations in such outcomes among dif-
ferent medical facilities of the Department. 
(3) Barriers, if any, to the implementation 
by mental health care providers of the De-partment of the clinical practice guidelines and other evidence-based treatments and ap-proaches recommended for such providers by the Secretary. 
SEC. 714. COMPREHENSIVE STANDARDS AND AC-
CESS TO CONTRACEPTION COUN-SELING FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is to ensure that all health care providers employed by the Department of Defense who provide care for members of the Armed Forces, including general practitioners, are provided, through clinical practice guide-lines, the most current evidence-based and evidence-informed standards of care with re-spect to methods of contraception and coun-seling on methods of contraception. 
(b) C
LINICAL PRACTICE GUIDELINES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall compile clin-ical practice guidelines for health care pro-viders described in subsection (a) on stand-ards of care with respect to methods of con-traception and counseling on methods of contraception for members of the Armed Forces. 
(2) S
OURCES .—The Secretary shall compile 
clinical practice guidelines under this sub-section from among clinical practice guide-lines established by appropriate health agen-cies and professional organizations, includ-ing the following: 
(A) The United States Preventive Services 
Task Force. 
(B) The Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention. 
(C) The Office of Population Affairs of the 
Department of Health and Human Services. 
(D) The American College of Obstetricians 
and Gynecologists. 
(E) The Association of Reproductive 
Health Professionals. 
(F) The American Academy of Family Phy-
sicians. 
(G) The Agency for Healthcare Research 
and Quality. 
(3) U
PDATES .—The Secretary shall from 
time to time update the list of clinical prac-tice guidelines compiled under this sub-section to incorporate into such guidelines new or updated standards of care with re-spect to methods of contraception and coun-seling on methods of contraception. 
(4) D
ISSEMINATION .— 
(A) I NITIAL DISSEMINATION .—As soon as 
practicable after the compilation of clinical practice guidelines pursuant to paragraph (1), but commencing not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide for rapid dis-semination of the clinical practice guidelines to health care providers described in sub-section (a). 
(B) U
PDATES .—As soon as practicable after 
the adoption under paragraph (3) of any up-date to the clinical practice guidelines com-piled pursuant to this subsection, the Sec-retary shall provide for the rapid dissemina-tion of such clinical practice guidelines, as 
so updated, to health care providers de-scribed in subsection (a). 
(C) P
ROTOCOLS .—Clinical practice guide-
lines, and any updates to such guidelines, 
shall be disseminated under this paragraph in accordance with administrative protocols developed by the Secretary for that purpose. 
(c) C
LINICAL DECISION SUPPORT TOOLS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall, in order to assist health care providers described in subsection (a), develop and implement clinical decision sup-port tools that reflect, through the clinical practice guidelines compiled pursuant to subsection (b), the most current evidence- based and evidence-informed standards of care with respect to methods of contracep-tion and counseling on methods of contra-ception. 
(2) U
PDATES .—The Secretary shall from 
time to time update the clinical decision support tools developed under this sub-section to incorporate into such tools new or updated guidelines on methods of contracep-tion and counseling on methods of contra-ception. 
(3) D
ISSEMINATION .—Clinical decision sup-
port tools, and any updates to such tools, shall be disseminated under this subsection in accordance with administrative protocols developed by the Secretary for that purpose. Such protocols shall be similar to the admin-istrative protocols developed under sub-section (b)(4)(C). 
(d) A
CCESS TO CONTRACEPTION COUN-
SELING .—As soon as practicable after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall ensure that women members of the Armed Forces have access to comprehen-sive counseling on the full range of methods of contraception provided by health care pro-viders described in subsection (a) during health care visits, including visits as follows: 
(1) During predeployment health care vis-
its, including counseling that provides spe-cific information women need regarding the interaction between anticipated deployment conditions and various methods of contra-ception. 
(2) During health care visits during deploy-
ment. 
(3) During annual physical examinations. 
(e) I
NCORPORATION INTOSURVEYS OF QUES-
TIONS ON SERVICEWOMEN EXPERIENCES WITH 
FAMILY PLANNING SERVICES AND COUN-
SELING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall integrate into the sur-veys by the Department of Defense specified in paragraph (2) questions designed to obtain information on the experiences of women members of the Armed Forces— 
(A) in accessing family planning services 
and counseling; 
(B) in using family planning methods, in-
cluding information on which method was preferred and whether deployment condi-tions affected the decision on which family planning method or methods to be used; and 
(C) with respect to women members of the 
Armed Forces who are pregnant, whether the pregnancy was intended. 
(2) C
OVERED SURVEYS .—The surveys into 
which questions shall be integrated as de-scribed in paragraph (1) are the following: 
(A) The Health Related Behavior Survey of 
Active Duty Military Personnel. 
(B) The Health Care Survey of Department 
of Defense Beneficiaries. 
(f) E
DUCATION ON FAMILY PLANNING FOR  
MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES .— 
(1) E DUCATION PROGRAMS .—Not later than 
one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall es-tablish a uniform standard curriculum to be 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3497 June 2, 2015 
used in education programs on family plan-
ning for all members of the Armed Forces, including both men and women members. 
(2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the education programs de-scribed in paragraph (1) should use the latest technology available to efficiently and effec-tively deliver information to members of the Armed Forces. 
(3) E
LEMENTS .—The uniform standard cur-
riculum under paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) Information for members of the Armed 
Forces on active duty to make informed de-cisions regarding family planning. 
(B) Information about the prevention of 
unintended pregnancy and sexually trans-mitted infections, including human immuno-deficiency virus (HIV). 
(C) Information on the importance of pro-
viding comprehensive family planning for members of the Armed Forces, and their commanding officers, and on the positive im-pact family planning can have on the health and readiness of the Armed Forces. 
(D) Current, medically accurate informa-
tion. 
(E) Clear, user-friendly information on the 
full range of methods of contraception and where members of the Armed Forces can ac-cess their chosen method of contraception. 
(F) Information on all applicable laws and 
policies so that members are informed of their rights and obligations. 
(G) Information on patients’ rights to con-
fidentiality. 
(H) Information on the unique cir-
cumstances encountered by members of the Armed Forces, and the effects of such cir-cumstances on the use of contraception. 
SEC. 715. WAIVER OF RECOUPMENT OF ERRO-
NEOUS PAYMENTS DUE TO ADMINIS-TRATIVE ERROR UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 55 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1095f the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1095g. TRICARE program: waiver of 
recoupment of erroneous payments due to administrative error 
‘‘(a) W
AIVER OF RECOUPMENT .—The Sec-
retary of Defense may waive recoupment from a covered beneficiary who has bene-fitted from an erroneous TRICARE payment in a case in which each of the following ap-plies: 
‘‘(1) The payment was made due to an ad-
ministrative error by an employee of the De-partment of Defense or a contractor under the TRICARE program. 
‘‘(2) The covered beneficiary (or in the case 
of a minor, the parent or guardian of the covered beneficiary) had a good faith, rea-sonable belief that the covered beneficiary was entitled to the benefit of such payment under this chapter. 
‘‘(3) The covered beneficiary relied on the 
expectation of such entitlement. 
‘‘(4) The Secretary determines that a waiv-
er of recoupment of such payment is nec-essary to prevent an injustice. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF CONTRACTOR .—In 
any case in which the Secretary waives recoupment under subsection (a) and the ad-ministrative error was on the part of a con-tractor under the TRICARE program, the Secretary shall, consistent with the require-ments and procedures of the applicable con-
tract, impose financial responsibility on the contractor for the erroneous payment. 
‘‘(c) F
INALITY OF DETERMINATIONS .—Any 
determination by the Secretary under this section to waive or decline to waive recoupment under subsection (a) is a final determination and shall not be subject to ap-peal or judicial review.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 55 of such title is amended by inserting after the 
item relating to section 1095f the following new item: 
‘‘1095g. TRICARE program: waiver of 
recoupment of erroneous pay-ments due to administrative error.’’. 
SEC. 716. DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN NON-DE-
PARTMENT MENTAL HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS WITH KNOWLEDGE RE-LATING TO TREATMENT OF MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) M ENTAL HEALTH PROVIDER READINESS  
DESIGNATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a sys-tem by which any non-Department mental health care provider that meets eligibility criteria established by the Secretary relat-ing to the knowledge described in paragraph (2) receives a mental health provider readi-ness designation from the Department of De-fense. 
(2) K
NOWLEDGE DESCRIBED .—The knowledge 
described in this paragraph is the following: 
(A) Knowledge and understanding with re-
spect to the culture of members of the Armed Forces and family members and care-givers of members of the Armed Forces. 
(B) Knowledge with respect to evidence- 
based treatments that have been approved by the Department for the treatment of mental health issues among members of the Armed Forces. 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION ON DES-
IGNATION .— 
(1) R EGISTRY .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall establish and update as necessary a registry that is available to the public of all non-Department mental health care pro-viders that are currently designated under subsection (a)(1). 
(2) P
ROVIDER LIST .—The Secretary shall up-
date all lists maintained by the Secretary of non-Department mental health care pro-viders that provide mental health care under the laws administered by the Secretary by indicating the providers that are currently designated under subsection (a)(1). 
(c) N
ON-DEPARTMENT MENTAL HEALTH CARE 
PROVIDER DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘non-Department mental health care provider’’— 
(1) means a health care provider that— (A) specializes in mental health; (B) is not a health care provider of the De-
partment of Defense; and 
(C) provides health care to members of the 
Armed Forces; and 
(2) includes psychiatrists, psychologists, 
psychiatric nurses, social workers, mental health counselors, marriage and family therapists, and other mental health care pro-viders designated by the Secretary of De-fense. 
SEC. 717. LIMITATION ON CONVERSION OF MILI-
TARY MEDICAL AND DENTAL POSI-TIONS TO CIVILIAN MEDICAL AND DENTAL POSITIONS. 
(a) L IMITED AUTHORITY FOR CONVERSION .— 
Chapter 49 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 976 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 977. Conversion of military medical and 
dental positions to civilian medical and dental positions: limitation 
‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATING TO CONVER -
SION.—A military medical or dental position 
within the Department of Defense may not be converted to a civilian medical or dental position unless the Secretary of Defense de-termines that— 
‘‘(1) the position is not a military essential 
position; 
‘‘(2) conversion of the position would not 
result in the degradation of medical or den-tal care or the medical or dental readiness of 
the armed forces; and 
‘‘(3) conversion of the position to a civilian 
medical or dental position is more cost effec-tive than retaining the position as a military medical or dental position, consistent with Department of Defense Instruction 7041.04. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘military medical or dental 
position’ means a position for the perform-ance of health care functions within the armed forces held by a member of the armed forces. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘civilian medical or dental 
position’ means a position for the perform-ance of health care functions within the De-partment of Defense held by an employee of the Department or of a contractor of the De-partment. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘military essential’, with re-
spect to a position, means that the position must be held by a member of the armed forces, as determined in accordance with reg-ulations prescribed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘conversion’, with respect to 
a military medical or dental position, means a change of the position to a civilian medical or dental position, effective as of the date of the manning authorization document of the military department making the change (through a change in designation from mili-tary to civilian in the document, the elimi-nation of the listing of the position as a mili-tary position in the document, or through any other means indicating the change in the document or otherwise).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 49 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 976 the following new item: 
‘‘977. Conversion of military medical and 
dental positions to civilian medical and dental positions: limitation.’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF RELATED PROHIBITION .—Sec-
tion 721 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 129c note) is repealed. 
SEC. 718. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR JOINT 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE-DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MED-ICAL FACILITY DEMONSTRATION FUND. 
Section 1704(e) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2573), as amended by section 722 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is further amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’. 
SEC. 719. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR DOD- 
VA HEALTH CARE SHARING INCEN-TIVE FUND. 
Section 8111(d)(3) of title 38, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 720. PILOT PROGRAM ON INCENTIVE PRO-
GRAMS TO IMPROVE HEALTH CARE PROVIDED UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall carry out a pilot program to as-sess whether a reduction in the rate of in-crease in health care spending by the Depart-ment of Defense and an enhancement of the operation of the military health system may be achieved by developing and implementing value-based incentive programs to encourage health care providers under the TRICARE program (including physicians, hospitals, and others involved in providing health care to patients) to improve the following: 
(1) The quality of health care provided to 
covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3498 June 2, 2015 
(2) The experience of covered beneficiaries 
in receiving health care under the TRICARE program. 
(3) The health of covered beneficiaries. 
(b) I
NCENTIVE PROGRAMS .— 
(1) D EVELOPMENT .—In developing an incen-
tive program under this section, the Sec-retary shall— 
(A) consider the characteristics of the pop-
ulation of covered beneficiaries affected by the incentive program; 
(B) consider how the incentive program 
would impact the receipt of health care under the TRICARE program by such cov-ered beneficiaries; 
(C) establish or maintain a reasonable as-
surance that such covered beneficiaries will have timely access to health care during op-eration of the incentive program; 
(D) ensure that there are no additional fi-
nancial costs to such covered beneficiaries of implementing the incentive program; and 
(E) consider such other factors as the Sec-
retary considers appropriate. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—With respect to an incen-
tive program developed and implemented under this section, the Secretary shall en-sure that— 
(A) the size, scope, and duration of the in-
centive program is reasonable in relation to the purpose of the incentive program; and 
(B) appropriate criteria and data collection 
are used to ensure adequate evaluation of the feasibility and advisability of imple-menting the incentive program throughout the TRICARE program. 
(3) U
SE OF EXISTING MODELS .—In developing 
an incentive program under this section, the Secretary may adapt a value-based incentive program conducted by the Centers for Medi-care & Medicaid Services or any other gov-ernmental or commercial health care pro-gram. 
(c) T
ERMINATION .—The authority of the 
Secretary to carry out the pilot program under this section shall terminate on Decem-ber 31, 2019. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 15, 2019, 
the Secretary shall submit to the congres-
sional defense committees a report on the pilot program that includes the following: 
(1) An assessment of each incentive pro-
gram developed and implemented under this section, including whether such incentive program— 
(A) improves the quality of health care 
provided to covered beneficiaries, the experi-ence of covered beneficiaries in receiving health care under the TRICARE program, or the health of covered beneficiaries; 
(B) reduces the rate of increase in health 
care spending by the Department of Defense; or 
(C) enhances the operation of the military 
health system. 
(2) Such recommendations for administra-
tive or legislative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program, including to implement any such incentive program or programs throughout the TRICARE program. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE pro-gram’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 731. PUBLICATION OF CERTAIN INFORMA-
TION ON HEALTH CARE PROVIDED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE THROUGH THE HOSPITAL COMPARE WEBSITE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. 
(a) M EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING RE-
QUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall enter into a memo-randum of understanding with the Secretary of Health and Human Services for the provi-
sion by the Secretary of Defense of such in-formation as the Secretary of Health and Human Services may require to report and make publicly available information on quality of care and health outcomes regard-ing patients at military medical treatment facilities through the Hospital Compare Internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services, or any suc-cessor Internet website. 
(b) I
NFORMATION PROVIDED .—The informa-
tion provided by the Secretary of Defense to the Secretary of Health and Human Services under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(1) Measures of the timeliness and effec-
tiveness of the health care provided by the Department of Defense. 
(2) Measures of the prevalence of— (A) readmissions, including the 30-day re-
admission rate; 
(B) complications resulting in death, in-
cluding the 30-day mortality rate; 
(C) surgical complications; and (D) health care related infections. (3) Survey data of patient experiences, in-
cluding the Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems or any similar survey developed by the Department of Defense. 
(4) Any other measures or data required of 
or reported with respect to hospitals partici-pating in the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). 
SEC. 732. PUBLICATION OF DATA ON PATIENT 
SAFETY, QUALITY OF CARE, SATIS-FACTION, AND HEALTH OUTCOME MEASURES UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall publish on an Internet website of the Department of De-fense that is available to the public data on all measures used by the Department to as-sess patient safety, quality of care, patient satisfaction, and health outcomes for health care provided under the TRICARE program at each military medical treatment facility. 
(b) U
PDATES .—The Secretary shall publish 
an update to the data published under sub-section (a) not less frequently than once each quarter during each fiscal year. 
(c) A
CCESSIBILITY .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that the data published under sub-section (a) and updated under subsection (b) is accessible to the public through the pri-mary Internet website of the Department and the primary Internet website of the mili-tary medical treatment facility with respect to which such data applies. 
(d) TRICARE P
ROGRAM DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 733. ANNUAL REPORT ON PATIENT SAFETY, 
QUALITY OF CARE, AND ACCESS TO CARE AT MILITARY MEDICAL TREAT-MENT FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1 
each year beginning in 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a comprehensive report on patient safety, quality of care, and access to care at military medical treatment facili-ties. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) The number of sentinel events, as de-
fined by the Joint Commission, that oc-curred at military medical treatment facili-ties during the year preceding the submittal of the report, disaggregated by— 
(A) military medical treatment facility; 
and (B) military department with jurisdiction 
over such facilities. 
(2) With respect to each sentinel event de-
scribed in paragraph (1)— 
(A) a synopsis of such event; and (B) a description of any actions taken by 
the Secretary of the military department concerned in response to such event, includ-ing any actions taken to hold individuals ac-countable. 
(3) The number of practitioners providing 
health care in military medical treatment facilities that were reported to the National Practitioner Data Bank during the year pre-ceding the submittal of the report. 
(4) The results of any internal analyses 
conducted by the Patient Safety Center of the Department of Defense during such year on matters relating to patient safety at mili-tary medical treatment facilities. 
(5) With respect to each military medical 
treatment facility— 
(A) the current accreditation status of 
such facility, including any recommenda-tions for corrective action made by the rel-evant accrediting body; 
(B) any policies or procedures implemented 
during such year by the Secretary of the military department concerned that were de-signed to improve patient safety, quality of care, and access to care at such facility; 
(C) data on surgical and maternity care 
outcomes during such year; 
(D) data on appointment wait times during 
such year; and 
(E) data on patient safety, quality of care, 
and access to care as compared to standards established by the Department with respect to patient safety, quality of care, and access to care. 
SEC. 734. REPORT ON PLANS TO IMPROVE EXPE-
RIENCE WITH AND ELIMINATE PER-FORMANCE VARIABILITY OF HEALTH CARE PROVIDED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) C OMPREHENSIVE REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a com-prehensive report setting forth the current and future plans of the Secretary, with esti-mated dates of completion, to carry out the following: 
(A) To improve the experience of bene-
ficiaries with health care provided in mili-
tary medical treatment facilities and through purchased care. 
(B) To eliminate performance variability 
with respect to the provision of such health care. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The comprehensive report 
required by paragraph (1) shall include the plans of the Secretary of Defense, in con-sultation with the Secretaries of the mili-tary departments, as follows: 
(A) To align performance measures for 
health care provided in military medical treatment facilities with performance meas-ures for health care provided through pur-chased care. 
(B) To improve underperformance in the 
provision of health care by the Department of Defense by eliminating performance varia-bility with respect to the provision of health care in military medical treatment facilities and through purchased care. 
(C) To use innovative, high-technology 
services to improve access to care, coordina-tion of care, and the experience of care in military medical treatment facilities and through purchased care. 
(D) To collect and analyze data throughout 
the Department with respect to health care 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3499 June 2, 2015 
provided in military medical treatment fa-
cilities and through purchased care to im-prove the quality of such care, patient safe-ty, and patient satisfaction. 
(E) To develop a performance management 
system, including by adoption of common measures for access to care, quality of care, safety, and patient satisfaction, that holds medical leadership throughout the Depart-ment personally accountable for sustained improvement of performance. 
(F) To use such other methods as the Sec-
retary considers appropriate to improve the experience of beneficiaries with and elimi-nate performance variability with respect to health care received from the Department. 
(b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the submittal of the comprehensive re-port required by subsection (a), the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the plans of the Sec-retary of Defense set forth in the comprehen-sive report submitted under such subsection. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment whether the plans in-
cluded in the comprehensive report sub-mitted under subsection (a) will, with re-spect to members of the Armed Forces and covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program— 
(i) improve health outcomes; (ii) create lasting health value; and (iii) ensure that such individuals are able 
to equitably obtain quality health care in all military medical treatment facilities and through purchased care. 
(B) An assessment whether such plans can 
be reasonably achieved within the estimated dates of completion set forth by the Depart-ment under such subsection. 
(C) An assessment whether any such plan 
would require legislative action for the im-plementation of such plan. 
(D) An assessment whether the Depart-
ment of Defense has adequately budgeted amounts to fund the carrying out of such plans. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘purchased care’’ means 
health care provided pursuant to a contract entered into under the TRICARE program. 
(2) The terms ‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and 
‘‘TRICARE program’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 735. REPORT ON PLAN TO IMPROVE PEDI-
ATRIC CARE AND RELATED SERV-ICES FOR CHILDREN OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth a plan of the Department of De-fense to improve pediatric care and related services for children of members of the Armed Forces. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) In order to ensure that children receive 
developmentally-appropriate and age-appro-priate health care services from the Depart-ment, a plan to align preventive pediatric care under the TRICARE program with— 
(A) standards for such care as required by 
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148); 
(B) guidelines established for such care by 
the Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnosis, and Treatment program under the Medicaid program carried out under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); and (C) recommendations by organizations that 
specialize in pediatrics. 
(2) A plan to develop a uniform definition 
of ‘‘pediatric medical necessity’’ for the De-partment that aligns with recommendations of organizations that specialize in pediatrics in order to ensure that a consistent defini-tion of such term is used in providing health care in military medical treatment facilities and by health care providers under the TRICARE program. 
(3) A plan to revise certification require-
ments for residential treatment centers of the Department to expand the access of chil-dren of members of the Armed Forces to services at such centers. 
(4) A plan to develop measures to evaluate 
and improve access to pediatric care, coordi-nation of pediatric care, and health out-comes for such children. 
(5) A plan to include an assessment of ac-
cess to pediatric specialty care in the annual report to Congress on the effectiveness of the TRICARE program. 
(6) A plan to improve the quality of and ac-
cess to behavioral health care under the TRICARE program for such children, includ-ing intensive outpatient and partial hos-pitalization services. 
(7) A plan to mitigate the impact of perma-
nent changes of station and other service-re-lated relocations of members of the Armed Forces on the continuity of health care serv-ices received by such children who have spe-cial medical or behavioral health needs. 
(8) A plan to mitigate deficiencies in data 
collection, data utilization, and data anal-ysis to improve pediatric care and related services for children of members of the Armed Forces. 
(c) TRICARE P
ROGRAM DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 736. REPORT ON PRELIMINARY MENTAL 
HEALTH SCREENINGS FOR INDIVID-UALS BECOMING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R EPORT ON RECOMMENDATIONS IN CON-
NECTION WITHSCREENINGS .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on mental health screenings of indi-viduals enlisting or accessioning into the Armed Forces before enlistment or acces-sion. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) Recommendations with respect to es-
tablishing a secure, electronically-based pre-liminary mental health screening of mem-bers of the Armed Forces to bring mental health screenings to parity with physical screenings of members. 
(2) Recommendations with respect to the 
composition of the mental health screening, evidenced-based best practices, and how to track changes in mental health screenings relating to traumatic brain injuries, post- traumatic stress disorder, and other condi-tions. 
(c) C
OORDINATION AND CONSULTATION .—The 
Secretary shall prepare the report under sub-section (a)— 
(1) in coordination with the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the surgeons gen-eral of the military departments; and 
(2) in consultation with experts in the 
field, including the National Institute of Mental Health of the National Institutes of Health. SEC. 737. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON 
USE OF QUALITY OF CARE METRICS AT MILITARY TREATMENT FACILI-
TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the use by the De-partment of Defense of metrics with respect to the quality of care provided at military treatment facilities. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) The extent to which the Department of 
Defense and each military department use metrics to monitor and assess the quality of care provided at military treatment facili-ties. 
(2) How, if at all, the use of such metrics 
varies among the Department of Defense and each military department. 
(3) The extent to which the Department of 
Defense and each military department use the information from such metrics to iden-tify and address issues such as the perform-ance of individual health care providers and areas in need of improvement system-wide. 
(4) The extent to which the Department of 
Defense and each military department over-see the process of using metrics to monitor and assess the quality of care provided at military treatment facilities. 
TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUI-
SITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and 
Management 
SEC. 801. ROLE OF SERVICE CHIEFS IN THE AC-
QUISITION PROCESS. 
(a) S ERVICE CHIEFS AS CUSTOMER OF ACQUI-
SITION PROCESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 149 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2546 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2546a. Customer-oriented acquisition sys-
tem 
‘‘(a) O
BJECTIVE .—It shall be the objective 
of the defense acquisition system to meet the needs of its customers in the most cost- effective manner practicable. The acquisi-tion policies, directives, and regulations of the Department of Defense shall be modified as necessary to ensure the development and implementation of a customer-oriented ac-quisition system. 
‘‘(b) C
USTOMER .—The customer of the de-
fense acquisition system is the military service that will have primary responsibility for fielding the system or systems acquired. The customer is represented with regard to a major defense acquisition program by the Secretary of the relevant military depart-ment and the Chief of the relevant military service. 
‘‘(c) R
OLE OF CUSTOMER .—The customer of 
a major defense acquisition program shall be responsible for balancing resources against priorities on the acquisition program and en-suring that appropriate trade-offs are made among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance on a continuing basis throughout the life of the acquisition pro-gram.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 149 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2546 the following new item: 
‘‘2546a. Customer-oriented acquisition sys-
tem.’’. 
(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF CHIEFS .—Section 
2547(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(6) as paragraphs (3) through (7), respec-tively; 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3500 June 2, 2015 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(2) Decisions regarding the balancing of 
resources and priorities, and associated trade-offs among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance on major de-fense acquisition programs.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (6), as redesignated by 
paragraph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘The development’’ and inserting ‘‘The de-velopment and management’’. 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF MILITARY DEPU-
TIES.—Section 908(d) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Pub-lic Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 278; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) D
UTIES OF PRINCIPAL MILITARY DEPU-
TIES.—Each Principal Military Deputy to a 
service acquisition executive shall be respon-sible for— 
‘‘(1) keeping the Chief of Staff of the 
Armed Force concerned informed of the progress of major defense acquisition pro-grams; 
‘‘(2) informing the Chief of Staff on a con-
tinuing basis of any developments on major defense programs, which may require new or revisited trade-offs among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) significant cost growth or schedule 
slippage; and 
‘‘(B) requirements creep (as defined in sec-
tion 2547(c)(1) of title 10, United States Code); and 
‘‘(3) ensuring that the views of the Chief of 
Staff on cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance trade-offs are strongly con-sidered by program managers and program executive officers in all phases of the acqui-sition process.’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) J OINT REQUIREMENTS OVERSIGHT COUN -
CIL.—Section 181(d) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) The Council shall seek, and strongly 
consider, the views of the Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces, in their roles as cus-tomers of the acquisition system, on matters pertaining to trade-offs among cost, sched-ule, technical feasibility, and performance under subsection (b)(1)(C) and the balancing of resources with priorities pursuant to sub-section (b)(3).’’. 
(2) M
ILESTONE A DECISIONS .—The chief of 
the relevant military service shall advise the milestone decision authority for a major de-fense acquisition program of the chief’s views on cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance trade-offs that have been made with regard to the program, as pro-vided in section 2366a(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 844 of this Act, prior to a Milestone A decision on the program. 
(3) M
ILESTONE B DECISIONS .—The chief of 
the relevant military service shall advise the milestone decision authority for a major de-fense acquisition program of the chief’s views on cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance trade-offs that have been made with regard to the program, as pro-vided in section 2366b(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 845 of this Act, prior to a Milestone B decision on the program. 
(4) D
UTIES OF CHIEFS .— 
(A) Section 3033(d)(5) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 171’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 171 and 2547’’. 
(B) Section 5033(d)(5) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 171’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 171 and 2547’’. 
(C) Section 5043(e)(5) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 171’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 171 and 2547’’. (D) Section 8033(d)(5) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 171’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 171 and 2547’’. 
SEC. 802. EXPANSION OF RAPID ACQUISITION AU-
THORITY. 
Section 806(c) of the Bob Stump National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) R
ESPONSE TO COMBAT EMERGENCIES  
ANDCERTAIN URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS .— 
‘‘(1) D ETERMINATION OF NEED FOR RAPID AC -
QUISITION AND DEPLOYMENT .—(A) In the case 
of any supplies and associated support serv-ices that, as determined in writing by the Secretary of Defense, are urgently needed to eliminate a documented deficiency that has resulted in combat casualties, or is likely to result in combat casualties, the Secretary may use the procedures developed under this section in order to accomplish the rapid ac-quisition and deployment of the needed sup-plies and associated support services. 
‘‘(B) In the case of any supplies and associ-
ated support services that, as determined in writing by the Secretary of Defense, are ur-gently needed to eliminate a documented de-ficiency that impacts an ongoing or antici-pated contingency operation and that, if left unfulfilled, could potentially result in loss of life or critical mission failure, the Secretary may use the procedures developed under this section in order to accomplish the rapid ac-quisition and deployment of the needed sup-plies and associated support services. 
‘‘(C)(i) In the case of any supplies and asso-
ciated support services that, as determined in writing by the Secretary of Defense with-out delegation, are urgently needed to elimi-nate a deficiency that as the result of a cyber attack has resulted in critical mission failure, the loss of life, property destruction, or economic effects, or if left unfilled is like-ly to result in critical mission failure, the loss of life, property destruction, or eco-nomic effects, the Secretary may use the procedures developed under this section in order to accomplish the rapid acquisition and deployment of the needed offensive or defensive cyber capabilities, supplies, and as-sociated support services. 
‘‘(ii) In this subparagraph, the term ‘cyber 
attack’ means a deliberate action to alter, disrupt, deceive, degrade, or destroy com-puter systems or networks or the informa-tion or programs resident in or transiting these systems or networks. 
‘‘(2) D
ESIGNATION OF SENIOR OFFICIAL RE -
SPONSIBLE .—(A) Whenever the Secretary 
makes a determination under subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (1) that certain supplies and associated support services are urgently needed to eliminate a deficiency de-scribed in that subparagraph, the Secretary shall designate a senior official of the De-partment of Defense to ensure that the need-ed supplies and associated support services are acquired and deployed as quickly as pos-sible, with a goal of awarding a contract for the acquisition of the supplies and associated support services within 15 days. 
‘‘(B) Upon designation of a senior official 
under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall authorize that official to waive any provi-sion of law, policy, directive, or regulation described in subsection (d) that such official determines in writing would unnecessarily impede the rapid acquisition and deployment of the needed supplies and associated support services. In a case in which the needed sup-plies and associated support services cannot be acquired without an extensive delay, the senior official shall require that an interim solution be implemented and deployed using the procedures developed under this section to minimize adverse consequences resulting from the urgent need. ‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—(A) In any fiscal year 
in which the Secretary makes a determina-tion described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (1), the Secretary may use any funds available to the Department of De-fense for acquisitions of supplies and associ-ated support services if the determination includes a written finding that the use of such funds is necessary to address the defi-ciency in a timely manner. 
‘‘(B) The authority of this section may 
only be used to acquire supplies and associ-ated support services— 
‘‘(i) in the case of determinations by the 
Secretary under paragraph (1)(A), in an 
amount aggregating not more than $200,000,000 during any fiscal year; 
‘‘(ii) in the case of determinations by the 
Secretary under paragraph (1)(B), in an amount aggregating not more than $200,000,000 during any fiscal year; and 
‘‘(iii) in the case of determinations by the 
Secretary under paragraph (1)(C), in an amount aggregating not more than $200,000,000 during any fiscal year. 
‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESSIONAL DE -
FENSE COMMITTEES .—(A) In the case of a de-
termination by the Secretary under para-graph (1)(A), the Secretary shall notify the congressional defense committees of the de-termination within 15 days after the date of the determination. 
‘‘(B) In the case of a determination by the 
Secretary under paragraph (1)(B) the Sec-retary shall notify the congressional defense committees of the determination at least 10 days before the date on which the determina-tion is effective. 
‘‘(C) A notice under this paragraph shall 
include the following: 
‘‘(i) The supplies and associated support 
services to be acquired. 
‘‘(ii) The amount anticipated to be ex-
pended for the acquisition. 
‘‘(iii) The source of funds for the acquisi-
tion. 
‘‘(D) A notice under this paragraph shall be 
sufficient to fulfill any requirement to pro-vide notification to Congress for a new start program. 
‘‘(E) A notice under this paragraph shall be 
provided in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
‘‘(5) T
IME FOR TRANSITIONING TO NORMAL AC -
QUISITION SYSTEM .—Any acquisition initiated 
under this subsection shall transition to the normal acquisition system not later than two years after the date on which the Sec-retary makes the determination described in paragraph (1) with respect to the supplies and associated support services concerned. 
‘‘(6) L
IMITATION ON OFFICERS WITH AUTHOR -
ITY TO MAKE A DETERMINATION .—The author-
ity to make a determination under subpara-graph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (1) may be exercised only by the Secretary or Deputy Secretary of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 803. MIDDLE TIER OF ACQUISITION FOR 
RAPID PROTOTYPING AND RAPID FIELDING. 
(a) G UIDANCE REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition, Technology, and Logistics, in con-sultation with the Comptroller of the De-partment of Defense and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall establish guidance for a ‘‘middle tier’’ of acquisition programs that are intended to be completed in a period of two to five years. 
(b) A
CQUISITION PATHWAYS .—The guidance 
required by subsection (a) shall cover the fol-lowing two acquisition pathways: 
(1) R
APID PROTOTYPING .—The rapid proto-
typing pathway shall provide for the use of innovative technologies to rapidly develop fieldable prototypes to demonstrate new ca-pabilities and meet emerging military needs. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3501 June 2, 2015 
The objective of an acquisition program 
under this pathway shall be to field a proto-type that can be demonstrated in an oper-ational environment and provide for a resid-ual operational capability within five years of the development of an approved require-ment. 
(2) R
APID FIELDING .—The rapid fielding 
pathway shall provide for the use of proven technologies to field production quantities of new or upgraded systems with minimal de-velopment required. The objective of an ac-quisition program under this pathway shall be to begin production within six months and complete fielding within five years of the development of an approved require-ment. 
(c) E
XPEDITED PROCESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The guidance required by 
subsection (a) shall provide for a streamlined and coordinated requirements, budget, and acquisition process that results in the devel-opment of an approved requirement for each program in a period of not more than six months from the time that the process is ini-tiated. Programs that are subject to the guidance shall not be subject to the Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System Manual and Department of Defense Directive 5000.01, except to the extent spe-cifically provided in the guidance. 
(2) R
APID PROTOTYPING .—With respect to 
the rapid prototyping pathway, the guidance shall include— 
(A) a merit-based process for the consider-
ation of innovative technologies and new ca-pabilities to meet needs communicated by the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the combatant commanders; 
(B) a process for developing and imple-
menting acquisition and funding strategies for the program; 
(C) a process for cost-sharing with the 
military departments on rapid prototype projects, to ensure an appropriate commit-ment to the success of such projects; 
(D) a process for demonstrating and evalu-
ating the performance of fieldable proto-types developed pursuant to the program in an operational environment; and 
(E) a process for transitioning successful 
prototypes to new or existing acquisition programs for production and fielding under the rapid fielding pathway or the traditional 
acquisition system. 
(3) R
APID FIELDING .—With respect to the 
rapid fielding pathway, the guidance shall include— 
(A) a merit-based process for the consider-
ation of existing products and proven tech-nologies to meet needs communicated by the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the combatant com-manders; 
(B) a process for demonstrating perform-
ance and evaluating for current operational purposes the proposed products and tech-nologies; 
(C) a process for developing and imple-
menting acquisition and funding strategies for the program; and 
(D) a process for considering lifecycle costs 
and addressing issues of logistics support and system interoperability. 
(4) S
TREAMLINED PROCEDURES .—The guid-
ance for the programs may provide for any of the following streamlined procedures: 
(A) The service acquisition executive of 
the military department concerned shall ap-point a program manager for such program from among candidates from among civilian employees or members of the armed forces who have significant and relevant experience managing large and complex programs. 
(B) The program manager for each program 
shall report with respect to such program di-rectly, without intervening review or ap-proval, to the service acquisition executive of the military department concerned. (C) The service acquisition executive of the 
military department concerned shall evalu-ate the job performance of such manager on an annual basis. In conducting an evaluation under this paragraph, a service acquisition executive shall consider the extent to which the manager has achieved the objectives of the program for which the manager is re-sponsible, including quality, timeliness, and cost objectives. 
(D) The program manager of a defense 
streamlined program shall be authorized staff positions for a technical staff, including experts in business management, con-tracting, auditing, engineering, testing, and logistics, to enable the manager to manage the program without the technical assist-ance of another organizational unit of an agency to the maximum extent practicable. 
(E) The program manager of a defense 
streamlined program shall be authorized, in coordination with the users of the equipment and capability to be acquired and the test community, to make trade-offs among life- cycle costs, requirements, and schedules to meet the goals of the program. 
(F) The service acquisition executive, act-
ing in coordination with the defense acquisi-tion executive, shall serve as the milestone decision authority for the program. 
(G) The program manager of a defense 
streamlined program shall be provided a process to expeditiously seek a waiver from Congress from any statutory or regulatory requirement that the program manager de-termines adds little or no value to the man-agement of the program. 
(d) R
APID PROTOTYPING FUND.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall establish a fund to be known as the ‘‘Department of Defense Rapid Prototyping Fund’’ to provide funds, in addition to other funds that may be available for acquisition programs under the rapid prototyping path-way established pursuant to this section. The Fund shall be managed by a senior offi-cial of the Department of Defense designated by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acqui-sition, Technology, and Logistics. The Fund shall consist of amounts appropriated to the Fund and amounts credited to the Fund pur-suant to section 849 of this Act. 
(2) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—Amounts avail-
able in the Fund may be transferred to a military department for the purpose of car-rying out an acquisition program under the rapid prototyping pathway established pur-suant to this section. Any amount so trans-ferred shall be credited to the account to which it is transferred. The transfer author-ity provided in this subsection is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense. 
(3) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTICE .—The senior offi-
cial designated to manage the Fund shall no-tify the congressional defense committees of all transfers under paragraph (2). Each noti-fication shall specify the amount trans-ferred, the purpose of the transfer, and the total projected cost and estimated cost to complete the acquisition program to which the funds were transferred. 
SEC. 804. AMENDMENTS TO OTHER TRANSACTION 
AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY OF THE DEFENSE ADVANCED  
RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY TO CARRY OUT 
CERTAIN PROTOTYPE PROJECTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 193 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2371a the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2371b. Authority of the Defense Advanced 
Research Projects Agency to carry out cer-tain prototype projects 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—(1) Subject to paragraph 
(2), the Director of the Defense Advanced Re-search Projects Agency, the Secretary of a military department, or any other official designated by the Secretary of Defense may, 
under the authority of section 2371 of this title, carry out prototype projects that are directly relevant to enhancing the mission effectiveness of military personnel and the supporting platforms, systems, components, or materials proposed to be acquired or de-veloped by the Department of Defense, or to improvement of platforms, systems, compo-nents, or materials in use by the armed forces. 
‘‘(2) The authority of this section— 
‘‘(A) may be exercised for a prototype 
project that is expected to cost the Depart-ment of Defense in excess of $50,000,000 but not in excess of $250,000,000 (including all op-tions) only upon a written determination by the senior procurement executive for the agency as designated for the purpose of sec-tion 1702(c) of title 41, or, for the Defense Ad-vanced Research Projects Agency or the Mis-sile Defense Agency, the director of the agency that— 
‘‘(i) the requirements of subsection (d) will 
be met; and 
‘‘(ii) the use of the authority of this sec-
tion is essential to promoting the success of the prototype project; and 
‘‘(B) may be exercised for a prototype 
project that is expected to cost the Depart-ment of Defense in excess of $250,000,000 (in-cluding all options) only if— 
‘‘(i) the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-
quisition, Technology, and Logistics deter-mines in writing that— 
‘‘(I) the requirements of subsection (d) will 
be met; and 
‘‘(II) the use of the authority of this sec-
tion is essential to meet critical national se-curity objectives; and 
‘‘(ii) the congressional defense committees 
are notified in writing at least 30 days before such authority is exercised. 
‘‘(3) The authority of a senior procurement 
executive or director of the Defense Ad-vanced Research Projects Agency or Missile Defense Agency under paragraph (2)(A), and the authority of the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics under paragraph (2)(B), may not be dele-gated. 
‘‘(b) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) Subsections (e)(1)(B) and (e)(2) of such 
section 2371 shall not apply to projects car-ried out under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) To the maximum extent practicable, 
competitive procedures shall be used when entering into agreements to carry out projects under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ACCESS TO IN-
FORMATION .—(1) Each agreement entered into 
by an official referred to in subsection (a) to carry out a project under that subsection that provides for payments in a total amount in excess of $5,000,000 shall include a clause that provides for the Comptroller General, in the discretion of the Comptroller General, to examine the records of any party to the agreement or any entity that partici-pates in the performance of the agreement. 
‘‘(2) The requirement in paragraph (1) shall 
not apply with respect to a party or entity, or a subordinate element of a party or enti-ty, that has not entered into any other agreement that provides for audit access by a Government entity in the year prior to the date of the agreement. 
‘‘(3)(A) The right provided to the Comp-
troller General in a clause of an agreement under paragraph (1) is limited as provided in subparagraph (B) in the case of a party to the agreement, an entity that participates in the performance of the agreement, or a sub-ordinate element of that party or entity if the only agreements or other transactions that the party, entity, or subordinate ele-ment entered into with Government entities 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3502 June 2, 2015 
in the year prior to the date of that agree-
ment are cooperative agreements or trans-actions that were entered into under this section or section 2371 of this title. 
‘‘(B) The only records of a party, other en-
tity, or subordinate element referred to in subparagraph (A) that the Comptroller Gen-eral may examine in the exercise of the right referred to in that subparagraph are records of the same type as the records that the Gov-ernment has had the right to examine under the audit access clauses of the previous agreements or transactions referred to in such subparagraph that were entered into by that particular party, entity, or subordinate element. 
‘‘(4) The head of the contracting activity 
that is carrying out the agreement may waive the applicability of the requirement in paragraph (1) to the agreement if the head of the contracting activity determines that it would not be in the public interest to apply the requirement to the agreement. The waiv-er shall be effective with respect to the agreement only if the head of the con-tracting activity transmits a notification of the waiver to Congress and the Comptroller General before entering into the agreement. The notification shall include the rationale for the determination. 
‘‘(5) The Comptroller General may not ex-
amine records pursuant to a clause included in an agreement under paragraph (1) more than three years after the final payment is made by the United States under the agree-ment. 
‘‘(d) A
PPROPRIATE USE OF AUTHORITY .—(1) 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that no official of an agency enters into a trans-action (other than a contract, grant, or coop-
erative agreement) for a prototype project under the authority of this section unless one of following conditions is met: 
‘‘(A) There is at least one nontraditional 
defense contractor participating to a signifi-cant extent in the prototype project. 
‘‘(B) All parties to the transaction other 
than the Federal Government are innovative small businesses and non-traditional con-tractors with unique capabilities relevant to the prototype project. 
‘‘(C) At least one third of the total cost of 
the prototype project is to be paid out of funds provided by parties to the transaction other than the Federal Government. 
‘‘(D) The senior procurement executive for 
the agency determines in writing that excep-tional circumstances justify the use of a transaction that provides for innovative business arrangements or structures that would not be feasible or appropriate under a contract. 
‘‘(2)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), the amounts counted for the purposes of this subsection as being provided, or to be provided, by a party to a transaction with re-spect to a prototype project that is entered into under this section other than the Fed-eral Government do not include costs that were incurred before the date on which the transaction becomes effective. 
‘‘(B) Costs that were incurred for a proto-
type project by a party after the beginning of negotiations resulting in a transaction (other than a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement) with respect to the project be-fore the date on which the transaction be-comes effective may be counted for purposes of this subsection as being provided, or to be provided, by the party to the transaction if and to the extent that the official respon-sible for entering into the transaction deter-mines in writing that— 
‘‘(i) the party incurred the costs in antici-
pation of entering into the transaction; and 
‘‘(ii) it was appropriate for the party to 
incur the costs before the transaction be-came effective in order to ensure the suc-cessful implementation of the transaction. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘nontraditional defense con-
tractor’ has the meaning given the term under section 2302(9) of this title. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘small business’ means a 
small business concern as defined under sec-tion 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). 
‘‘(f) F
OLLOW -ONPRODUCTION CONTRACTS OR  
TRANSACTIONS .—(1) A transaction entered 
into under this section for a prototype project may provide for the award of a fol-low-on production contract or transactions to the participants in the transaction. 
‘‘(2) A follow-on production contract or 
transaction provided for in a transaction under paragraph (1) may be awarded to the participants in the transaction without the use of competitive procedures, notwith-standing the requirements of section 2304 of this title, if— 
‘‘(A) competitive procedures were used for 
the selection of parties for participation in the transaction; and 
‘‘(B) the participants in the transaction 
successfully completed the prototype project provided for in the transaction. 
‘‘(3) Contracts and transactions entered 
into pursuant to this subsection may be awarded using the authority in subsection (a), under the authority of chapter 137 of this title, or under such procedures, terms, and conditions as the Secretary of Defense may establish by regulation. 
‘‘(g) A
UTHORITY TO PROVIDE PROTOTYPES  
AND FOLLOW -ONPRODUCTION ITEMS AS GOV-
ERNMENT FURNISHED EQUIPMENT .—An agree-
ment entered pursuant to the authority of subsection (a) or a follow-on contract en-tered pursuant to the authority of sub-section (f) may provide for prototypes or fol-low-on production items to be provided to another contractor as government-furnished equipment. 
‘‘(h) A
PPLICABILITY OF PROCUREMENT ETH-
ICSREQUIREMENTS .—An agreement entered 
into under the authority of this section shall be treated as a Federal agency procurement for the purposes of chapter 21 of title 41.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2371a the following new item: 
‘‘2371b. Authority of the Defense Advanced 
Research Projects Agency to carry out certain prototype projects.’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION TO DEFINITION OF NON- 
TRADITIONAL CONTRACTOR .—Section 2302(9) of 
such title is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(9) The term ‘nontraditional defense con-
tractor’, with respect to a procurement or with respect to a transaction authorized under section 2371(a) of this title, means an entity that— 
‘‘(A) is not currently performing and has 
not performed, for at least the one-year pe-riod preceding the solicitation of sources by the Department of Defense for the procure-ment or transaction, any contract or sub-contract that is subject to full coverage under the cost accounting standards pre-scribed pursuant to 1502 of title 41 and the regulations implementing such section; and 
‘‘(B) has not been awarded, for at least the 
one-year period preceding the solicitation of sources by the Department of Defense for the procurement or transaction, any other con-tract under which the contractor was re-quired to submit certified cost or pricing data under section 2306a of this title.’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY .—Sec-
tion 845 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2371 note) is hereby re-pealed. (d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 1601(c)(1) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 10 U.S.C. 2370a note) is amended by restating subparagraph (B) to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) sections 2371 and 2371b of title 10, 
United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 805. USE OF ALTERNATIVE ACQUISITION 
PATHS TO ACQUIRE CRITICAL NA-TIONAL SECURITY CAPABILITIES. 
(a) G UIDELINES .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall establish procedures and guidelines for alternative acquisition pathways to acquire capital assets and services that meet critical national security needs. The guidelines shall— 
(1) be separate from existing acquisition 
procedures and guidelines; 
(2) be supported by streamlined con-
tracting, budgeting, and requirements proc-esses; 
(3) establish alternative acquisition paths 
based on the capabilities being bought and the time needed to deploy these capabilities; and 
(4) maximize the use of flexible authorities 
in existing law and regulation. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report that includes a summary of the guidelines estab-lished under subsection (a) and recommenda-tions for any legislation necessary to meet the objectives set forth in subsection (a) and to implement the guidelines established under such subsection. 
SEC. 806. SECRETARY OF DEFENSE WAIVER OF 
ACQUISITION LAWS TO ACQUIRE VITAL NATIONAL SECURITY CAPA-BILITIES. 
(a) W AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of 
Defense is authorized to waive any provision of acquisition law or regulation described in subsection (c) for the purpose of acquiring a capability that would not otherwise be avail-able to the Armed Forces of the United States, upon a determination that— 
(1) the acquisition of the capability is in 
the vital national security interest of the United States; 
(2) the application of the law or regulation 
to be waived would impede the acquisition of the capability in a manner that would under-mine the national security of the United States; and 
(3) the underlying purpose of the law or 
regulation to be waived can be addressed in a different manner or at a different time. 
(b) D
ESIGNATION OF RESPONSIBLE OFFI-
CIAL.—Whenever the Secretary of Defense 
makes a determination under subsection (a)(1) that the acquisition of a capability is in the vital national security interest of the United States, the Secretary shall designate a senior official of the Department of De-fense who shall be personally responsible and accountable for the rapid and effective ac-quisition and deployment of the needed capa-bility. The Secretary shall provide the des-ignated official such authority as the Sec-retary determines necessary to achieve this objective, and may use the waiver authority in subsection (a) for this purpose. 
(c) A
CQUISITION LAWS AND REGULATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Upon a determination de-
scribed in subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense is authorized to waive any provision of law or regulation addressing— 
(A) the establishment of a requirement or 
specification for the capability to be ac-quired; 
(B) research, development, test, and eval-
uation of the capability to be acquired; 
(C) production, fielding, and sustainment 
of the capability to be acquired; or 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3503 June 2, 2015 
(D) solicitation, selection of sources, and 
award of contracts for the capability to be acquired. 
(2) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this sub-
section authorizes the waiver of— 
(A) the requirements of this section; (B) any provision of law imposing civil or 
criminal penalties; or 
(C) any provision of law governing the 
proper expenditure of appropriated funds. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall notify the congressional de-fense committees at least 30 days before ex-ercising the waiver authority under sub-section (a). Each such notice shall include— 
(1) an explanation of the basis for deter-
mining that the acquisition of the capability is in the vital national security interest of the United States; 
(2) an identification of each provision of 
law or regulation to be waived; and 
(3) for each provision identified pursuant 
to paragraph (2)— 
(A) an explanation of why the application 
of the provision would impede the acquisi-tion in a manner that would undermine the national security of the United States; and 
(B) a description of the time or manner in 
which the underlying purpose of the law or regulation to be waived will be addressed. 
(e) N
ON-DELEGATION .—The authority of the 
Secretary to waive provisions of laws and regulations under subsection (a) is non-dele-gable. 
SEC. 807. ACQUISITION AUTHORITY OF THE COM-
MANDER OF UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commander of the 
United States Cyber Command shall be re-sponsible for, and shall have the authority to conduct, the following acquisition activities: 
(A) Development and acquisition of cyber 
operations-peculiar equipment and capabili-ties. 
(B) Acquisition of cyber capability-pecu-
liar equipment, capabilities, and services. 
(2) A
CQUISITION FUNCTIONS .—Subject to the 
authority, direction, and control of the Sec-retary of Defense, the Commander shall have authority to exercise the functions of the head of an agency under chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code. 
(b) C
OMMAND ACQUISITION EXECUTIVE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The staff of the Com-
mander shall include a command acquisition executive, who shall be responsible for the overall supervision of acquisition matters for the United States Cyber Command. The command acquisition executive shall have the authority— 
(A) to negotiate memoranda of agreement 
with the military departments to carry out the acquisition of equipment, capabilities, and services described in subsection (a)(1) on behalf of the Command; 
(B) to supervise the acquisition of equip-
ment, capabilities, and services described in subsection (a)(1); 
(C) to represent the Command in discus-
sions with the military departments regard-ing acquisition programs for which the Com-mand is a customer; and 
(D) to work with the military departments 
to ensure that the Command is appropriately represented in any joint working group or in-tegrated product team regarding acquisition programs for which the Command is a cus-tomer. 
(2) D
ELIVERY OF ACQUISITION SOLUTIONS .— 
The command acquisition executive of the United States Cyber Command shall be— 
(A) responsible to the Commander for rap-
idly delivering acquisition solutions to meet validated cyber operations-peculiar require-ments; 
(B) subordinate to the defense acquisition 
executive in matters of acquisition; (C) subject to the same oversight as the 
service acquisition executives; and 
(D) included on the distribution list for ac-
quisition directives and instructions of the Department of Defense. 
(c) A
CQUISITION PERSONNEL .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide the United States Cyber Com-mand with the personnel or funding equiva-lent to ten full-time equivalent personnel to support the Commander in fulfilling the ac-quisition responsibilities provided for under this section with experience in— 
(A) program acquisition; (B) the Joint Capabilities Integration and 
Development System Process; 
(C) program management; (D) system engineering; and (E) costing. (2) E
XISTING PERSONNEL .—The personnel 
provided under this subsection shall be pro-vided from among the existing personnel of the Department of Defense. 
(d) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL ACTIVITIES .—The 
staff of the Commander of the United States Cyber Command shall on a periodic basis in-clude a representative from the Department of Defense Office of Inspector General who shall conduct internal audits and inspections of purchasing and contracting actions through the United States Cyber Command and such other Inspector General functions as may be assigned. 
(e) B
UDGET .—In addition to the activities 
of a combatant command for which funding may be requested under section 166(b) of title 10, United States Code, the budget proposal of the United States Cyber Command shall include requests for funding for— 
(1) development and acquisition of cyber 
operations-peculiar equipment; and 
(2) acquisition of other capabilities or serv-
ices that are peculiar to offensive cyber op-erations activities. 
(f) C
YBER OPERATIONS PROCUREMENT  
FUND.—There is authorized to be appro-
priated for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, out of funds made available for procure-ment, Defense-wide, $75,000,000 for a Cyber Operations Procurement Fund to support ac-quisition activities provided for under this section. 
(g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING IN-
TELLIGENCE AND SPECIAL ACTIVITIES .—Noth-
ing in this section shall be construed to con-stitute authority to conduct any activity which, if carried out as an intelligence activ-ity by the Department of Defense, would re-quire a notice to the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives under title V of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.). 
(h) S
UNSET .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority under this 
section shall terminate on September 30, 2021. 
(2) L
IMITATION ON DURATION OF ACQUISI -
TIONS .—The authority under this section 
does not include major defense acquisitions or acquisitions of foundational infrastruc-ture or software architectures the duration of which is expected to last more than five years. 
SEC. 808. ADVISORY PANEL ON STREAMLINING 
AND CODIFYING ACQUISITION REG-ULATIONS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish under the sponsorship of the Defense Acqui-sition University and the National Defense University an advisory panel on stream-lining acquisition regulations. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The panel shall be com-
posed of at least nine individuals who are recognized experts in acquisition and pro-curement policy. In making appointments to 
the advisory panel, the Under Secretary shall ensure that the members of the panel reflect diverse experiences in the public and private sectors. 
(c) D
UTIES .—The panel shall— 
(1) review the acquisition regulations ap-
plicable to the Department of Defense with a view toward streamlining and improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the defense ac-quisition process and maintaining defense technology advantage; and 
(2) make any recommendations for the 
amendment or repeal of such regulations that the panel considers necessary, as a re-sult of such review, to— 
(A) establish and administer appropriate 
buyer and seller relationships in the procure-ment system; 
(B) improve the functioning of the acquisi-
tion system; 
(C) ensure the continuing financial and 
ethical integrity of defense procurement pro-grams; 
(D) protect the best interests of the De-
partment of Defense; and 
(E) eliminate any regulations that are un-
necessary for the purposes described in sub-paragraphs (A) through (D). 
(d) A
DMINISTRATIVE MATTERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide the advisory panel established pursuant to subsection (a) with timely ac-cess to appropriate information, data, re-sources, and analysis so that the advisory panel may conduct a thorough and inde-pendent assessment as required under such subsection. 
(2) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF FACA .—The require-
ments of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the ad-visory panel established pursuant to sub-section (a). 
(e) R
EPORT .— 
(1) P ANEL REPORT .—Not later than two 
years after the date on which the Secretary of Defense establishes the advisory panel, the panel shall transmit a final report to the Secretary. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The final report shall con-
tain a detailed statement of the findings and conclusions of the panel, including— 
(A) a history of each current acquisition 
regulation and a recommendation as to whether the regulation and related law (if applicable) should be retained, modified, or repealed; and 
(B) such additional recommendations for 
legislation as the panel considers appro-priate. 
(3) I
NTERIM REPORTS .—(A) Not later than 6 
months and 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit a report to or brief the congressional defense committees on the in-terim findings of the panel with respect to the elements set forth in paragraph (2). 
(B) The panel shall provide regular updates 
to the Secretary of Defense for purposes of providing the interim reports required under this paragraph. 
(4) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 30 days 
after receiving the final report of the advi-sory panel, the Secretary of Defense shall transmit the final report, together with such comments as the Secretary determines ap-propriate, to the congressional defense com-mittees. 
(f) D
EFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DE-
VELOPMENT FUND SUPPORT .—The Secretary 
of Defense may use amounts available in the Department of Defense Acquisition Work-force Development Fund established under section 1705 of title 10, United States Code, to support activities of the advisory panel under this section. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3504 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 809. REVIEW OF TIME-BASED REQUIRE-
MENTS PROCESS AND BUDGETING AND ACQUISITION SYSTEMS. 
(a) T IME-BASED REQUIREMENTS PROCESS .— 
The Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall review the requirements process with the goal of estab-lishing an agile and streamlined system that develops requirements that provide stability and foundational direction for acquisition programs. The requirements system should be informed by technological market re-search and provide a time-based or phased distinction between capabilities needed to be deployed urgently, within 2 years, within 5 years, and longer than 5 years. 
(b) B
UDGETING AND ACQUISITION SYSTEMS .— 
The Secretary of Defense shall review and ensure that the acquisition and budgeting systems are structured to meet time-based or phased requirements in a manner that is predictable, cost effective, and efficient and takes advantage of emerging technological developments. The Secretary shall make all necessary changes in regulation and policy to achieve a time-based requirements, budg-eting, and acquisition system and shall iden-tify and report to Congress within 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act on any statutory impediments to achieving such a system. 
SEC. 810. IMPROVEMENT OF PROGRAM AND 
PROJECT MANAGEMENT BY THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) D EPARTMENT -WIDE RESPONSIBILITIES OF  
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE .—In fulfilling the re-
sponsibilities under chapter 87 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense 
shall— 
(1) develop Department-wide standards, 
policies, and guidelines for program and project management for the Department of Defense based on appropriate and applicable nationally accredited standards for program and project management; 
(2) develop polices to monitor compliance 
with the standards, policies, and guidelines developed under paragraph (1); and 
(3) engage with the private sector on mat-
ters relating to program and project manage-ment for the Department. 
(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF USD (ATL).—In 
fulfilling the responsibilities under chapter 87 of title 10, United States Code, for the military departments and the Defense Agen-cies, the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition, Technology, and Logistics shall— 
(1) advise and assist Secretary of Defense 
with respect Department of Defense prac-tices related to program and project manage-ment; 
(2) review programs identified as high-risk 
in program and project management by the Government Accountability Office, and make recommendations for actions to be taken by the Secretary to mitigate such risks; 
(3) assess matters of importance to the 
workforce in program and project manage-ment, including— 
(A) career development and workforce de-
velopment; 
(B) policies to support continuous improve-
ment in program and project management; and 
(C) major challenges of the Department in 
managing programs and projects; and 
(4) advise on the development and applica-
bility of standards Department-wide for pro-gram and project management transparency. 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF ACQUISITION EXECU -
TIVES .—In fulfilling the responsibilities 
under chapter 87 of title 10, United States Code, for the military departments, the serv-ice acquisition executives (in consultation with the Chiefs of the Armed Forces with re-spect to military program managers), and the component acquisition executives for the Defense Agencies, shall— (1) ensure the compliance of the depart-
ment or Agency concerned with standards, policies, and guidelines for program and project management for the Department of Defense developed by the Secretary of De-fense under subsection (a)(1); and 
(2) ensure the effective career development 
of program managers through— 
(A) training and educational opportunities 
for program managers, including exchange programs with the private sector; 
(B) mentoring of current and future pro-
gram managers by experienced public and private sector senior executives and program managers; 
(C) continued refinement of career paths 
and career opportunities for program man-agers; 
(D) incentives for the recruitment of high-
ly qualified individuals to serve as program managers; 
(E) improved means of collecting and dis-
seminating best practices and lessons learned to enhance program management; and 
(F) improved methods to support improved 
data gathering and analysis for program management and oversight purposes. 
(d) D
EADLINE FOR STANDARDS , POLICIES , 
AND GUIDELINES .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall issue the standards, policies, and guidelines required by subsection (a)(1). The Secretary shall pro-vide Congress an interim update on the progress made in implementing this section not later than six months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act. 
Subtitle B—Amendments to General Con-
tracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limi-tations 
SEC. 821. PREFERENCE FOR FIXED-PRICE CON-
TRACTS IN DETERMINING CON-TRACT TYPE FOR DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF PREFERENCE .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement shall be re-vised to establish a preference for fixed-price contracts, including fixed-price incentive fee contracts, in the determination of contract type for development programs. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING CHANGES .— 
Section 818(c) of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2329) is amended— 
(1) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or 
major automated information system’’ after ‘‘major defense acquisition program’’; and 
(2) by striking the second sentence. 
SEC. 822. APPLICABILITY OF COST AND PRICING 
DATA AND CERTIFICATION RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Section 2306a(b)(1) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) to the extent such data relates to an 
offset agreement in connection with a con-tract for the sale of a weapon system or de-fense-related item to a foreign country or foreign firm.’’. 
SEC. 823. RISK-BASED CONTRACTING FOR SMALL-
ER CONTRACT ACTIONS UNDER THE TRUTH IN NEGOTIATIONS ACT. 
(a) I NCREASE IN THRESHOLDS .—Subsection 
(a) of section 2306a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘December 5, 1990’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘January 15, 2016’’; (B) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘$100,000’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘$750,000’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 1994 constant dollar value’’ and insert-ing ‘‘fiscal year 2016 constant dollar value’’. 
(b) R
ISK-BASED CONTRACTING .—Subsection 
(c) of such section is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(c) C
OST OR PRICING DATA ON BELOW - 
THRESHOLD CONTRACTS .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY TO REQUIRE SUBMISSION .— 
Subject to paragraph (4), when certified cost or pricing data are not required to be sub-mitted by subsection (a) for a contract, sub-contract, or modification of a contract or subcontract, such data may nevertheless be required to be submitted by the head of the procuring activity, if the head of the pro-curing activity— 
‘‘(A) determines that such data are nec-
essary for the evaluation by the agency of the reasonableness of the price of the con-tract, subcontract, or modification of a con-tract or subcontract; or 
‘‘(B) requires the submission of such data 
in accordance with a risk-based contracting approach established pursuant to paragraph (3). 
‘‘(2) W
RITTEN DETERMINATION REQUIRED .—In 
any case in which the head of the procuring activity requires certified cost or pricing data to be submitted under paragraph (1)(A), the head of the procuring activity shall jus-tify in writing the reason for such require-ment. 
‘‘(3) R
ISK-BASED CONTRACTING .—The head of 
an agency shall establish a risk-based sam-pling approach under which the submission of certified cost or pricing data may be re-quired for a risk-based sample of contracts, the price of which is expected to exceed the dollar amount in subsection (a)(1)(A)(ii), but not the amount in subsection (a)(1)(A)(i). The authority to require certified cost or pricing data under this paragraph shall not apply to any contract of an offeror that has not been awarded, for at least the one-year period preceding the issuance of a solicita-tion for the contract, any other contract in excess of the amount in subsection (a)(1)(A)(i) under which the offeror was re-quired to submit certified cost or pricing data under this section. 
‘‘(4) E
XCEPTION .—The head of the procuring 
activity may not require certified cost or pricing data to be submitted under this sub-section for any contract or subcontract, or modification of a contract or subcontract, covered by the exceptions in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (b)(1). 
‘‘(5) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY PROHIB -
ITED.—The head of a procuring activity may 
not delegate functions under this sub-section.’’. 
SEC. 824. LIMITATION ON USE OF REVERSE AUC-
TION AND LOWEST PRICE TECH-NICALLY ACCEPTABLE CON-TRACTING METHODS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Federal Ac-quisition Regulation and the Defense Supple-ment to the Federal Acquisition Regulation shall be amended— 
(1) to prohibit the use by the Department 
of Defense of reverse auction or lowest price technically acceptable contracting methods for the procurement of personal protective equipment where the level of quality or fail-ure of the item could result in combat cas-ualties; and 
(2) to establish a preference for the use of 
best value contracting methods for the pro-curement of such equipment. 
SEC. 825. RIGHTS IN TECHNICAL DATA. 
(a) R IGHTS IN TECHNICAL DATARELATING TO  
MAJOR WEAPON SYSTEMS .—Paragraph (2) of 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3505 June 2, 2015 
section 2321(f) of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) In the case of a challenge to a use or 
release restriction that is asserted with re-spect to technical data of a contractor or subcontractor for a major system or a sub-system or component thereof on the basis that the major weapon system, subsystem, or component was developed exclusively at private expense— 
‘‘(A) the presumption in paragraph (1) shall 
apply— 
‘‘(i) with regard to a commercial sub-
system or component of a major system, if the major system was acquired as a commer-cial item in accordance with section 2379(a) of this title; 
‘‘(ii) with regard to a component of a sub-
system, if the subsystem was acquired as a commercial item in accordance with section 2379(b) of this title; and 
‘‘(iii) with regard to any other component, 
if the component is a commercially available off-the-shelf item or a commercially avail-able off-the-shelf item with modifications of a type customarily available in the commer-cial marketplace or minor modifications made to meet Federal Government require-ments; and 
‘‘(B) in all other cases, the challenge to the 
use or release restriction shall be sustained unless information provided by the con-tractor or subcontractor demonstrates that the item was developed exclusively at pri-vate expense.’’. 
(b) G
OVERNMENT -INDUSTRY ADVISORY  
PANEL .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, shall establish a government-industry advisory panel for the purpose of reviewing sections 2320 and 2321 of title 10, United States Code, regarding rights in technical data and the validation of pro-prietary data restrictions and the regula-tions implementing such sections, for the purpose of ensuring that such statutory and regulatory requirements are best structured to serve the interests of the taxpayers and the national defense. 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The panel shall be 
chaired by an individual selected by the Under Secretary, and the Under Secretary shall ensure that— 
(A) the government members of the advi-
sory panel are knowledgeable about tech-nical data issues and appropriately represent the three military departments, as well as the legal, acquisition, logistics, and research and development communities in the Depart-ment of Defense; and 
(B) the private sector members of the advi-
sory panel include independent experts and individuals appropriately representative of the diversity of interested parties, including large and small businesses, traditional and non-traditional government contractors, prime contractors and subcontractors, sup-pliers of hardware and software, and institu-tions of higher education. 
(3) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—In conducting the re-
view required by paragraph (1), the advisory panel shall give appropriate consideration to the following factors: 
(A) Ensuring that the Department of De-
fense does not pay more than once for the same work. 
(B) Ensuring that Department of Defense 
contractors are appropriately rewarded for their innovation and invention. 
(C) Providing for cost-effective reprocure-
ment, sustainment, modification, and up-grades to Department of Defense systems. 
(D) Encouraging the private sector to in-
vest in new products, technologies, and proc-esses relevant to the missions of the Depart-
ment of Defense. 
(E) Ensuring that the Department of De-
fense has appropriate access to innovative products, technologies, and processes devel-oped by the private sector for commercial use. 
(4) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than Sep-
tember 30, 2016, the advisory panel shall sub-mit its final report and recommendations to the Secretary of Defense. Not later than 60 days after receiving the report, the Sec-retary shall submit a copy of the report, to-gether with any comments or recommenda-tions, to the congressional defense commit-tees. 
SEC. 826. PROCUREMENT OF SUPPLIES FOR EX-
PERIMENTAL PURPOSES. 
(a) A DDITIONAL PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY .— 
Subsection (a) of section 2373 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting 
‘‘transportation, energy, medical, space- flight,’’ before ‘‘and aeronautical supplies’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CHAPTER 137 OFTITLE 
10, U NITED STATES CODE.—Subsection (b) of 
such section is amended by striking ‘‘only when such purchases are made in quantity’’ and inserting ‘‘only when such purchases are made in quantities greater than necessary for experimentation, technical evaluation, assessment of operational utility, or safety or to provide a residual operational capa-bility’’. 
SEC. 827. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO AC-
QUIRE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PRODUCED IN COUNTRIES ALONG A MAJOR ROUTE OF SUPPLY TO AF-GHANISTAN. 
Section 801(f) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2399), as most recently amended by section 832(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 814), is fur-ther amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 828. REPORTING RELATED TO FAILURE OF 
CONTRACTORS TO MEET GOALS UNDER NEGOTIATED COMPREHEN-SIVE SMALL BUSINESS SUBCON-TRACTING PLANS. 
Paragraph (2) of section 834(d) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 1990 and 1991 (15 U.S.C. 637 note), as added by section 821(d)(2) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3434) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘may not negotiate’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘shall report to Congress on any negotiated comprehensive subcon-tracting plan that the Secretary determines did not meet the subcontracting goals nego-tiated in the plan for the prior fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 829. COMPETITION FOR RELIGIOUS SERV-
ICES CONTRACTS. 
The Department of Defense may not pre-
clude a non-profit organization from com-peting for a contract for religious related services on a United States military instal-lation. 
SEC. 830. TREATMENT OF INTERAGENCY AND 
STATE AND LOCAL PURCHASES WHEN THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE ACTS AS CONTRACT INTER-MEDIARY FOR THE GENERAL SERV-ICES ADMINISTRATION. 
Contracts executed by the Department of 
Defense as a result of the transfer of con-tracts from the General Services Adminis-tration or for which the Department serves as an item manager for products on behalf of the General Services Administration shall not be subject to requirements under chapter 148 of title 10, United States Code, to the ex-tent such contracts are for purchases of products by other Federal agencies or State or local governments. SEC. 831. PILOT PROGRAM FOR STREAMLINING 
AWARDS FOR INNOVATIVE TECH-NOLOGY PROJECTS. 
(a) E XCEPTION FROM CERTIFIED COST AND  
PRICING DATE REQUIREMENTS .—The require-
ments under section 2306a(a) of title 10, United States Code, shall not apply to a con-tract, subcontract, or modification of a con-tract or subcontract valued at less than $7,500,000 awarded to a small business or non- traditional defense contractor pursuant to— 
(1) a technical merit based selection proce-
dure, such as a broad agency announcement; or 
(2) the Small Business Innovation Research 
Program, 
unless the head of the agency determines 
that submission of cost and pricing data should be required based on past perform-ance of the specific small business or non- traditional defense contractor, or based on analysis of other information specific to the award. 
(b) E
XCEPTION FROM RECORDS EXAMINATION  
REQUIREMENT .—The requirements under sec-
tion 2313 of title 10, United States Code, shall not apply to a contract valued at less than $7,500,000 awarded to a small business or non- traditional defense contractor pursuant to— 
(1) a technical merit based selection proce-
dure, such as a broad agency announcement; or 
(2) the Small Business Innovation Research 
Program, 
unless the head of the agency determines 
that auditing of records should be required based on past performance of the specific small business or non-traditional defense contractor, or based on analysis of other in-formation specific to the award. 
(c) S
UNSET .—The exceptions under sub-
sections (a) and (b) shall terminate on Octo-ber 1, 2020. 
Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Major 
Defense Acquisition Programs 
SEC. 841. ACQUISITION STRATEGY REQUIRED 
FOR EACH MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUI-SITION PROGRAM. 
(a) C ONSOLIDATION OF REQUIREMENTS RE-
LATING TO ACQUISITION STRATEGY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 144 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2431 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2431a. Acquisition strategy 
‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT .—(1) There shall be an 
acquisition strategy for each major defense acquisition program. The acquisition strat-egy for a major defense acquisition program shall be reviewed by the milestone decision authority for the program at each time spec-ified in paragraph (2). The milestone decision authority may approve, disapprove, or revise the acquisition strategy at any such time. 
‘‘(2) The times at which the acquisition 
strategy for a major defense acquisition pro-gram shall be reviewed by the milestone de-cision authority for the program under para-graph (1) are the following: 
‘‘(A) Program initiation. ‘‘(B) Each subsequent milestone. ‘‘(C) Full-Rate Production Decision Re-
view. 
‘‘(D) Any other time considered relevant 
by the milestone decision authority. 
‘‘(b) G
UIDANCE .—The Under Secretary of 
Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Lo-gistics shall issue policies and procedures governing the contents of, and the review and approval process for, the acquisition strategy for a major defense acquisition pro-gram. 
‘‘(c) C
ONTENTS .—The acquisition strategy 
for a major defense acquisition program shall present a top-level description of the business and technical management ap-proach designed to achieve the objectives of 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3506 June 2, 2015 
the program within the resource constraints 
imposed. The strategy shall be tailored to address program requirements and con-straints, and shall express the program man-ager’s approach to the program in sufficient detail to allow the milestone decision au-thority to assess the viability of approach, method of implementation of laws and poli-cies, and program objectives. Subject to guidance issued pursuant to subsection (b), each acquisition strategy shall address the following: 
‘‘(1) An acquisition approach, including in-
dustrial base considerations in accordance with section 2440 of this title, and consider-ation of alternative acquisition approaches. 
‘‘(2) A risk management strategy, address-
ing cost, schedule, and technical risk. 
‘‘(3) An approach to ensuring the maturity 
of technologies and avoiding unnecessary or excessive concurrency. 
‘‘(4) A strategy for dividing the acquisition 
into increments or spirals, and continuously adopting commercial and defense tech-nologies, where appropriate. 
‘‘(5) A business strategy, including meas-
ures to ensure continuing competition in through the life of the acquisition program. 
‘‘(6) A contracting strategy addressing the 
selection of sources, contract types, and small business participation. 
‘‘(7) An intellectual property strategy, in 
accordance with section 2320 of this title. 
‘‘(8) An approach to international involve-
ment, including foreign military sales and cooperative opportunities, in accordance with section 2350a of this title. 
‘‘(d) In this section, the term ‘milestone 
decision authority’, with respect to a major defense acquisition program, means the offi-cial within the Department of Defense des-ignated with the overall responsibility and authority for acquisition decisions for the program, including authority to approve entry of the program into the next phase of the acquisition process.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2431 the following new item: 
‘‘2431a. Acquisition strategy.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 2350a(e) of such title is amend-
ed— 
(A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘DOCUMENT ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the 
Under Secretary of Defense for’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of the Board’’ and inserting ‘‘opportunities for such cooperative research and development shall be addressed in the acquisition strategy for the project’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘document’’ and inserting 
‘‘discussion’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘include’’ and inserting 
‘‘consider’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘A 
statement indicating whether’’ and inserting ‘‘Whether’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘by the Under Secretary of 
Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Lo-gistics’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘of the United States under 
consideration by the Department of De-fense’’; and 
(iv) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘A’’; 
and 
(II) by striking ‘‘of the Under Secretary’’ 
and inserting ‘‘to the milestone decision au-thority’’. 
(2) Section 803 of the Bob Stump National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note) 
is repealed. 
SEC. 842. RISK REDUCTION IN MAJOR DEFENSE 
ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) G UIDANCE ON RISKREDUCTION IN MAJOR 
DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall ensure that the ac-quisition strategy developed pursuant to sec-tion 2431a of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 841, for each major defense acquisition program for which development activities are required includes the following elements: 
(1) A comprehensive approach to continu-
ously identifying and addressing risk (in-cluding technical, cost, and schedule risk) beginning at program initiation and con-tinuing until the start of full rate production as a means to improve programmatic deci-sion making and appropriately minimize and manage program concurrency. 
(2) Documentation of the major sources of 
risk identified and the approach to retiring that risk. 
(b) E
LEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE APPROACH  
TORISKREDUCTION .—The comprehensive ap-
proach to identifying and addressing risk for purposes of subsection (a)(1) shall include some combination of the following elements as appropriate for the item or system being acquired: 
(1) Development planning. (2) Systems engineering. (3) Integrated developmental and oper-
ational testing. 
(4) Preliminary and critical design reviews 
and technical reviews. 
(5) Prototyping (including prototyping at 
the system or subsystem level and competi-tive prototyping, where appropriate). 
(6) Modeling and simulation. (7) Technology demonstrations and tech-
nology off ramps. 
(8) Manufacturability and industrial base 
availability. 
(9) Multiple design approaches. (10) Alternative, lower risk reduced per-
formance designs. 
(11) Schedule and funding margins for or 
specific risks. 
(12) Independent risk element assessments 
by outside subject matter experts. 
(13) Program phasing to address high risk 
areas as early as possible. 
(c) P
REFERENCE FOR PROTOTYPING .—To the 
maximum extent practicable and consistent with the economical use of available finan-cial resources, the milestone decision au-thority for each major defense acquisition program shall ensure that the acquisition strategy for the program provides for— 
(1) the production of competitive proto-
types at the system or subsystem level be-fore Milestone B approval; or 
(2) if the production of competitive proto-
types is not practicable, the production of single prototypes at the system or sub-system level. 
(d) R
EPEAL OF MANDATORY PROTOTYPING  
PROVISION .—Section 203 of the Weapon Sys-
tems Acquisition Reform Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–23; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 843. DESIGNATION OF MILESTONE DECISION 
AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2430 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d)(1) The milestone decision authority 
for major defense acquisition programs shall be the service acquisition executive of the military service that is managing the pro-gram, unless the Secretary of Defense des-ignates another official to serve as the mile-stone decision authority. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense may des-
ignate an alternate milestone decision au-thority in programs where— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that the 
program is addressing a joint requirement; 
‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that the 
program is best managed by a defense agen-cy; 
‘‘(C) the program has incurred a unit cost 
increase greater than the significant cost threshold or critical cost threshold under section 2433 of this title; 
‘‘(D) the program has failed to develop an 
acquisition program baseline within 2 years of program initiation; 
‘‘(E) the program is critical to a major 
interagency requirement or technology de-velopment effort, or has significant inter-national partner involvement; or 
‘‘(F) the Secretary certifies that an alter-
nate official serving as the milestone deci-sion authority will best position the program to achieve desired cost, schedule, and per-formance outcomes. 
‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary of Defense may re-
delegate the position of milestone decision authority for a program designated above upon request of the Secretary of the military department concerned. A decision on redele-gation must be made within 180 days of the request of the Secretary of the military de-partment concerned. 
‘‘(B) If the Secretary of Defense denies the 
request for redelegation, the Secretary shall certify to the congressional defense commit-tees that an alternate official serving as milestone decision authority will best posi-tion the program to achieve desired cost, schedule, and performance outcomes. No such redelegation is authorized after a pro-gram has incurred a unit cost increase great-er than the significant cost threshold or crit-ical cost threshold under section 2433 of this title, except for exceptional circumstances. 
‘‘(4) For major defense acquisition pro-
grams where the service acquisition execu-tive of the military service that is managing the program is the milestone decision au-thority— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary of Defense shall ensure 
that no documentation is required outside of the military service organization, without a determination by the Deputy Chief Manage-ment Officer that the documentation sup-ports a specific statutory requirement and is implemented in a manner that will not re-sult in program delays or increased costs, and no acquisition programmatic approvals shall be required outside of the military service organization, with the exception of approval of the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation of the Test and Evaluation Master Plan; and 
‘‘(B) the Secretary of the military depart-
ment concerned and the chief of the Armed Force concerned shall, in each Selected Ac-quisition Report required under section 2432 of this title, certify that program require-ments are stable and funding is adequate to meet cost, schedule, and performance objec-tives for the program and identify and report 
to the congressional defense committees on any increased risk to the program since the last report.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
133(b)(5) of such title is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, except that the Under Secretary shall exer-cise only advisory authority over service ac-quisition programs for which the service ac-quisition executive is the milestone decision authority’’. 
(c) I
MPLEMENTATION .— 
(1) I MPLEMENTATION PLAN .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a plan for implementing subsection (d) of section 2430 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section. 
(2) G
UIDANCE .—The Deputy Chief Manage-
ment Officer of the Department of Defense, 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3507 June 2, 2015 
in consultation with the Under Secretary of 
Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Lo-gistics and the service acquisition execu-tives, shall issue guidance to ensure that by not later than October 1, 2016, the acquisi-tion policy, guidance, and practices of the Department of Defense conform to the re-quirements of subsection (d) of section 2430 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section. The guidance shall be designed to ensure a streamlined de-cision-making and approval process and to minimize any information requests, con-sistent with the requirement of paragraph (4)(A) of such subsection (d). 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take ef-fect on October 1, 2016. 
SEC. 844. REVISION OF MILESTONE A DECISION 
AUTHORITY RESPONSIBILITIES FOR MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) R EVISION TO MILESTONE A REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 2366a of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2366a. Major defense acquisition programs: 
responsibilities at Milestone A approval 
‘‘(a) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Before granting 
Milestone A approval for a major defense ac-quisition program or a major subprogram, the milestone decision authority for the pro-gram or subprogram shall ensure that— 
‘‘(1) information about the program or sub-
program is sufficient to warrant entry of the program or subprogram into the risk reduc-tion phase; 
‘‘(2) the Secretary of the relevant military 
department and the chief of the relevant military service concur in cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance trade- offs that have been made with regard to the program; and 
‘‘(3) there are sound plans for progression 
of the program or subprogram to the devel-opment phase. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out sub-
section (a), the milestone decision authority shall take appropriate action to ensure that— 
‘‘(1) the program or subprogram— ‘‘(A) meets a joint military requirement 
and responds to an anticipated or likely threat; 
‘‘(B) has been developed in light of appro-
priate market research and a review of alter-native approaches and does not unneces-sarily duplicate a capability already pro-vided by an existing system; and 
‘‘(C) is affordable in light of cost estimates 
developed pursuant to the guidance of the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation; and 
‘‘(2) the acquisition strategy for the pro-
gram or subprogram— 
‘‘(A) identifies areas of risk and, for each 
such identified area of risk, includes a plan to reduce the risk; 
‘‘(B) addresses planning for sustainment; 
and 
‘‘(C) complies with the requirements of 
section 2431a of this title and the policies and procedures implementing such section; and 
‘‘(3) the program or subprogram meets any 
other considerations the milestone decision authority considers relevant. 
‘‘(c) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after granting Milestone A approval for a major defense acquisition program or major subprogram, the milestone decision author-ity for that program or subprogram shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees notice of the approval in writing. The milestone decision authority’s decision memorandum with respect to such approval shall be available to the congressional de-
fense committees upon request, consistent with any relevant classification require-ments. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘major defense acquisition 
program’ means a Department of Defense ac-quisition program that is a major defense ac-quisition program for purposes of section 2430 of this title. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘major subprogram’ means a 
major subprogram of a major defense acqui-sition program designated under section 2430a(a)(1) of this title. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘milestone decision author-
ity’, with respect to a major defense acquisi-tion program or a major subprogram, means the official within the Department of De-fense designated with the overall responsi-bility and authority for acquisitions deci-sions for the program or subprogram, includ-ing authority to approve entry of the pro-gram or subprogram into the next phase of the acquisition process. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘Milestone A approval’ 
means a decision to enter into a risk reduc-tion phase pursuant to guidance prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for the manage-ment of Department of Defense acquisition programs. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘joint military requirement’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 181(g)(1) of this title.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2366a and inserting the following: 
‘‘2366a. Major defense acquisition programs: 
responsibilities at Milestone A approval.’’. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS IN MAKING MILESTONE A  
DETERMINATIONS .—In making a Milestone A 
determination pursuant to section 2366a of title 10, United States Code, the milestone decision authority shall include consider-ation of the following: 
(1) With respect to joint military require-
ments, the factors outlined under section 181(b) of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) With respect to alternative approaches, 
the factors outlined under section 201(a) of the Weapon Systems Acquisition Reform Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–23; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). 
(3) With respect to affordability and cost 
estimates and analyses, the factors outlined under section 2334(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
(4) With respect to risk, the factors out-
lined under— 
(A) section 138b(b) of title 10, United States 
Code; and 
(B) section 842. (5) With respect to sustainment, the fac-
tors outlined under section 2337 and section 2464 of this title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 845. REVISION OF MILESTONE B DECISION 
AUTHORITY RESPONSIBILITIES FOR MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) R EVISION TO MILESTONE B R EQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 2366b of title 10, United 
Stated Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2366b. Major defense acquisition programs: 
certification required before Milestone B approval 
‘‘(a) C
ERTIFICATION .—A major defense ac-
quisition program may not receive Milestone B approval until the milestone decision au-thority certifies that the technology in the program has been demonstrated in a relevant environment, as determined by the Mile-stone Decision Authority on the basis of an independent review and assessment by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in consultation with the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for 
Developmental Test and Evaluation. 
‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION .—A major defense ac-
quisition program may not receive Milestone B approval until the milestone decision au-thority determines that appropriate steps have been taken to ensure that— 
‘‘(1) the program is affordable when consid-
ering the ability of the Department of De-fense to accomplish the program’s mission using alternative systems; 
‘‘(2) trade-offs among cost, schedule, tech-
nical feasibility, and performance objectives have been made to ensure that the program is affordable when considering the per unit cost and the total acquisition cost in the context of the total resources available dur-ing the period covered by the future-years defense program submitted during the fiscal year in which the certification is made; 
‘‘(3) the Secretary of the relevant military 
department and the chief of the relevant military service concur in the trade-offs made in accordance with paragraph (2); 
‘‘(4) reasonable cost and schedule estimates 
have been developed to execute, with the concurrence of the Director of Cost Assess-
ment and Program Evaluation, the product development and production plan under the program; 
‘‘(5) funding is available to execute the 
product development and production plan under the program, through the period cov-ered by the future-years defense program submitted during the fiscal year in which the certification is made, consistent with the es-timates described in paragraph (4) for the program; 
‘‘(6) market research has been conducted 
prior to technology development to reduce duplication of existing technology and prod-ucts; 
‘‘(7) the Department of Defense has com-
pleted an analysis of alternatives and a busi-ness case analysis with respect to the pro-gram; 
‘‘(8) the Joint Requirements Oversight 
Council has accomplished its duties with re-spect to the program pursuant to section 181(b) of this title, including an analysis of the operational requirements for the pro-gram; 
‘‘(9) life-cycle sustainment planning, in-
cluding corrosion prevention and mitigation planning, has identified and evaluated rel-evant sustainment costs throughout develop-ment, production, operation, sustainment, and disposal of the program, and any alter-natives, and that such costs are reasonable and have been accurately estimated; 
‘‘(10) an estimate has been made of the re-
quirements for core logistics capabilities and the associated sustaining workloads required to support such requirements; 
‘‘(11) there is a plan to mitigate and ac-
count for any costs in connection with any anticipated de-certification of cryptographic systems and components during the produc-tion and procurement of the major defense acquisition program to be acquired; 
‘‘(12) a preliminary design review or assess-
ment of engineering design knowledge of the system has been satisfactorily completed; and 
‘‘(13) the program complies with all rel-
evant policies, regulations, and directives of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(c) C
HANGES TO CERTIFICATION .—(1) The 
program manager for a major defense acqui-sition program that has received milestone B approval under this section shall imme-diately notify the milestone decision author-ity of any changes to the program or a des-ignated major subprogram of such program that— 
‘‘(A) alter the substantive basis for the cer-
tification of the milestone decision author-ity under subsection (a) or any element of 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3508 June 2, 2015 
the determination of the milestone decision 
authority under subsection (b); or 
‘‘(B) otherwise cause the program or sub-
program to deviate significantly from the material provided to the milestone decision authority in support of such certification or determination. 
‘‘(2) Upon receipt of information under 
paragraph (1), the milestone decision author-ity may withdraw the certification or deter-mination concerned or rescind Milestone B approval if the milestone decision authority determines that such certification, deter-mination, or approval is no longer valid. 
‘‘(d) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—(1) The cer-
tification required under subsection (a) and the determination under subsection (b) with respect to a major defense acquisition pro-gram shall be submitted to the congressional defense committees with the first Selected Acquisition Report submitted under section 2432 of this title after completion of the cer-tification. 
‘‘(2) A summary of any information pro-
vided to the milestone decision authority pursuant to subsection (c) and a description of the actions taken as a result of such infor-mation shall be submitted with the first Se-lected Acquisition Report submitted under section 2432 of this title after receipt of such information by the milestone decision au-thority. 
‘‘(e) W
AIVER FOR NATIONAL SECURITY .—(1) 
The milestone decision authority may waive the applicability to a major defense acquisi-tion program of the certification require-ment in subsection (a) or one or more compo-nents of the determination requirement in 
subsection (b) if the milestone decision au-thority determines that, but for such a waiv-er, the Department would be unable to meet critical national security objectives. 
‘‘(2) Whenever the milestone decision au-
thority makes such a determination and au-thorizes such a waiver the waiver, the deter-mination, and the reasons for the determina-tion shall be submitted in writing to the con-gressional defense committees within 30 days after the waiver is authorized. 
‘‘(f) N
ONDELEGATION .—The milestone deci-
sion authority may not delegate the certifi-cation requirement under subsection (a), the determination requirement under subsection (b), or the authority to waive any component of such requirement under subsection (e). 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘major defense acquisition 
program’ means a Department of Defense ac-quisition program that is a major defense ac-quisition program for purposes of section 2430 of this title. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘designated major subpro-
gram’ means a major subprogram of a major defense acquisition program designated under section 2430a(a)(1) of this title. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘milestone decision author-
ity’, with respect to a major defense acquisi-tion program, means the individual within the Department of Defense designated with overall responsibility for the program. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘Milestone B approval’ has 
the meaning provided that term in section 2366(e)(7) of this title. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘core logistics capabilities’ 
means the core logistics capabilities identi-fied under section 2464(a) of this title.’’. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS IN MAKING MILESTONE  
B D ETERMINATIONS .—In making a Milestone 
B determination pursuant to section 2366b of title 10, United States Code, the milestone decision authority shall review the acquisi-tion strategy required by section 2431a of title 10, as added by section 841 of this Act and include consideration of the following: 
(1) With respect to affordability, the fac-
tors outlined under section 2334 of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) With respect to risk, the factors out-
lined under— (A) section 842; and 
(B) section 138b(b) of title 10, United States 
Code. 
(3) With respect to fulfilling a joint mili-
tary requirement, the factors outlined under section 181 of title 10, United States Code. 
(4) With respect to competition— (A) the factors outlined under section 202 
of the Weapon Systems Acquisition Reform Act of 2009 (Public Law 111-23; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note); and 
(B) the requirements of section 2304 of title 
10, United States Code. 
(5) With respect to sustainment, the fac-
tors outlined under section 2337 and section 2464 of title 10, United States Code. 
(c) C
ONFORMING CHANGE .—Section 2334(a) of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (6)(A)(i) by striking ‘‘any certifi-cation under’’ and inserting in lieu thereof ‘‘any decision to grant milestone approval pursuant to’’. 
SEC. 846. TENURE AND ACCOUNTABILITY OF 
PROGRAM MANAGERS FOR PRO-GRAM DEVELOPMENT PERIODS. 
(a) R EVISED GUIDANCE REQUIRED .—Not 
later than 180 days after date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall revise Department of Defense guidance for defense acquisition programs to address the tenure and accountability of program managers for the program development pe-riod of defense acquisition programs. 
(b) P
ROGRAM DEVELOPMENT PERIOD .—For 
the purpose of this section, the term ‘‘pro-gram development period’’ refers to the pe-riod before a decision on Milestone B ap-proval (or Key Decision Point B approval in the case of a space program). 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The revised guid-
ance required by subsection (a) shall provide that the program manager for the program development period of a defense acquisition program is responsible for— 
(1) bringing to maturity the technologies 
and manufacturing processes that will be needed to carry out the program; 
(2) ensuring continuing focus during pro-
gram development on meeting stated mis-sion requirements and other requirements of the Department of Defense; 
(3) making trade-offs between program 
cost, schedule, and performance for the life- cycle of the program; 
(4) developing a business case for the pro-
gram; and 
(5) ensuring that appropriate information 
is available to the milestone decision au-thority to make a decision on Milestone B approval (or Key Decision Point B approval in the case of a space program), including in-formation necessary to make the certifi-cation required by section 2366a of title 10, United States Code. 
(d) Q
UALIFICATIONS , RESOURCES , AND TEN-
URE.—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure 
that each program manager for the program development period of a defense acquisition program— 
(1) has the appropriate management, engi-
neering, technical, and financial expertise needed to meet the responsibilities assigned pursuant to subsection (c); 
(2) is provided the resources and support 
(including systems engineering expertise, cost estimating expertise, and software de-velopment expertise) needed to meet such re-sponsibilities; and 
(3) is assigned to the program manager po-
sition for such program until such time as such program is ready for a decision on Mile-stone B approval (or Key Decision Point B approval in the case of a space program), un-less removed for cause or due to exceptional circumstances. SEC. 847. TENURE AND ACCOUNTABILITY OF 
PROGRAM MANAGERS FOR PRO-GRAM EXECUTION PERIODS. 
(a) R EVISED GUIDANCE REQUIRED .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall revise Department of Defense guidance for defense acquisition programs to address the tenure and accountability of pro-gram managers for the program execution period of defense acquisition programs. 
(b) P
ROGRAM EXECUTION PERIOD .—For pur-
poses of this section, the term ‘‘program exe-cution period’’ refers to the period after Milestone B approval (or Key Decision Point B approval in the case of a space program). 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The revised guid-
ance required by subsection (a) shall— 
(1) require the program manager for the 
program execution period of a defense acqui-sition program to enter into a performance agreement with the milestone decision au-thority for such program within six months of assignment, that— 
(A) establishes expected parameters for the 
cost, schedule, and performance of the pro-gram consistent with the business case for the program; 
(B) provides the commitment of the mile-
stone decision authority to provide the level of funding and resources required to meet such parameters; and 
(C) provides the assurance of the program 
manager that such parameters are achiev-able and that the program manager will be accountable for meeting such parameters; and 
(2) provide the program manager with the 
authority to— 
(A) veto the addition of new program re-
quirements that would be inconsistent with the parameters established in the perform-ance agreement entered into pursuant to paragraph (1), subject to the authority of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics to override the veto based on critical national security rea-sons; 
(B) make trade-offs between cost, schedule, 
and performance, provided that such trade- offs are consistent with the parameters es-tablished in the performance agreement en-tered into pursuant to paragraph (1); 
(C) redirect funding within such program, 
to the extent necessary to achieve the pa-rameters established in the performance agreement entered into pursuant to para-graph (1); 
(D) develop such interim goals and mile-
stones as may be required to achieve the pa-rameters established in the performance agreement entered into pursuant to para-graph (1); and 
(E) use program funds to recruit and hire 
such technical experts as may be required to carry out the program, if necessary expertise is not otherwise provided by the Department of Defense. 
(d) Q
UALIFICATIONS , RESOURCES , AND TEN-
URE.—The Secretary shall ensure that each 
program manager for the program execution period of a defense acquisition program— 
(1) has the appropriate management, engi-
neering, technical, and financial expertise needed to meet the responsibilities assigned pursuant to subsection (c); 
(2) is provided the resources and support 
(including systems engineering expertise, 
cost estimating expertise, and software de-velopment expertise) needed to meet such re-sponsibilities; and 
(3) is assigned to the program manager po-
sition for such program at the time of Mile-stone B approval (or Key Decision Point B approval in the case of a space program) and continues in such position until the delivery of the first production units of the program, unless removed for cause or due to excep-tional circumstances. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3509 June 2, 2015 
(e) L IMITED WAIVER AUTHORITY .—The Sec-
retary may waive the requirement in para-graph (3) of subsection (d) that a program manager for the program execution period of a defense acquisition program serve in that position until the delivery of the first pro-duction units of such program upon submit-ting to the congressional defense committees a written determination that— 
(1) the program is so complex, and the de-
livery of the first production units will take so long, that it would not be feasible for a single individual to serve as program man-ager for the entire period covered by such paragraph; and 
(2) the complexity of the program, and 
length of time that will be required to de-liver the first production units, are not the result of a failure to meet the certification requirements under section 2366a of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 848. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR STAND- 
ALONE MANPOWER ESTIMATES FOR MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF REQUIREMENT .—Subsection 
(a)(1) of section 2434 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and a man-power estimate for the program have’’ and inserting ‘‘has’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  
REGULATIONS .—Subsection (b) of such sec-
tion is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (2); (2) by striking ‘‘shall require—’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘that the independent’’ and inserting ‘‘shall require that the inde-pendent’’; 
(3) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and moving those paragraphs, as so redesig-nated, two ems to the left; and 
(4) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘and operations and sup-
port,’’ and inserting ‘‘operations and sup-port, and manpower to operate, maintain, and support the program upon full oper-ational deployment,’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-
riod. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such 
section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2434. Independent cost estimates’’. 
(2) T ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 144 of such title is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 2434 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘2434. Independent cost estimates.’’. 
SEC. 849. PENALTY FOR COST OVERRUNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For each fiscal year be-
ginning with fiscal year 2015, the Secretary of each military department shall pay a pen-alty for cost overruns on the covered major defense acquisition programs of the military department. 
(b) C
ALCULATION OF PENALTY .—For the pur-
poses of this section: 
(1) The amount of the cost overrun or 
underrun on any major defense acquisition program or subprogram in a fiscal year is the difference between the current program ac-quisition unit cost for the program or sub-program and the program acquisition unit cost for the program as shown in the original Baseline Estimate for the program or sub-program, multiplied by the quantity of items to be purchased under the program or sub-program, as reported in the final Selected Acquisition Report for the fiscal year in ac-cordance with section 2432 of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) Cost overruns or underruns for covered 
major defense acquisition programs that are joint programs of more than one military de-partment shall be allocated among the mili-tary departments in percentages determined 
by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acqui-sition, Technology, and Logistics. 
(3) The cumulative amount of cost over-
runs for a military department in a fiscal year is the sum of the cost overruns and cost underruns for all covered major defense ac-quisition programs of the department in the fiscal year (including cost overruns or underruns allocated to the military depart-ment in accordance with paragraph (2)). 
(4) The cost overrun penalty for a military 
department in a fiscal year is three percent of the cumulative amount of cost overruns of the military department in the fiscal year, as determined pursuant to paragraph (3), ex-cept that the cost overrun penalty may not be a negative amount. 
(c) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .— 
(1) R EDUCTION OF RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , 
TEST, AND EVALUATION ACCOUNTS .—Not later 
than 60 days after the end of each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2015, the Sec-retary of each military department shall re-duce each research, development, test, and evaluation account of the military depart-ment by the percentage determined under paragraph (2), and remit such amount to the Secretary of Defense. 
(2) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT .—The per-
centage reduction to research, development, test, and evaluation accounts of a military department referred to in paragraph (1) is the percentage reduction to such accounts necessary to equal the cost overrun penalty for the fiscal year for such department deter-mined pursuant to subsection (b)(4). 
(3) C
REDITING OF FUNDS .—Any amount re-
mitted under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the Rapid Prototyping Fund established pursuant to section 803 of this Act. 
(d) C
OVERED PROGRAMS .—A major defense 
acquisition program is covered under this section if the original Baseline Estimate was established for such program under section 2435(d) (1) or (2) on or after the date of the enactment of the Weapon Systems Acquisi-tion Reform Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–23). 
SEC. 850. STREAMLINING OF REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR RESEARCH AND ENGINEERING REGARDING MAJOR DEFENSE AC-QUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) R EPORTING TO UNDER SECRETARY OF DE-
FENSE FOR ACQUISITION , TECHNOLOGY , ANDLO-
GISTICS BEFORE MILESTONE B A PPROVAL .— 
Subparagraph (A) of paragraph (8) of section 138(b) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 901(h)(2) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3466), is further amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘periodically’’; (2) by striking ‘‘the major defense acquisi-
tion programs’’ and inserting ‘‘each major defense acquisition program’’; 
(3) by inserting ‘‘before the Milestone B ap-
proval for that program’’ after ‘‘Department of Defense’’; and 
(4) by striking ‘‘such reviews and assess-
ments’’ and inserting ‘‘such review and as-sessment’’. 
(b) A
NNUAL REPORT TO SECRETARY OF DE-
FENSE AND CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMIT -
TEES.—Subparagraph (B) of such paragraph 
is amended by inserting ‘‘for which a Mile-stone B approval occurred during the pre-ceding fiscal year’’ after ‘‘Department of De-fense’’. 
SEC. 851. CONFIGURATION STEERING BOARDS 
FOR COST CONTROL UNDER MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
Section 814(c)(1) of the Duncan Hunter Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4529) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), 
and (C) as subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D), re-spectively; and 
(2) by inserting after ‘‘for the following:’’ 
the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(A) Monitoring changes in program re-
quirements and ensuring all such changes re-ceive the approval of the Chief of the rel-evant military service, in consultation with the Secretary of the relevant military de-partment.’’. 
Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to 
Commercial Items 
SEC. 861. INAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN LAWS 
AND REGULATIONS TO THE ACQUISI-TION OF COMMERCIAL ITEMS AND COMMERCIALLY AVAILABLE OFF- THE-SHELF ITEMS. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO TITLE 10, U NITED STATES  
CODE.—Section 2375 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2375. Relationship of commercial item pro-
visions to other provisions of law 
‘‘(a) A PPLICABILITY OF GOVERNMENT -WIDE 
STATUTES .—(1) No contract for the procure-
ment of a commercial item entered into by the head of an agency shall be subject to any law properly listed in the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation pursuant to section 1906(b) of title 41. 
‘‘(2) No subcontract under a contract for 
the procurement of a commercial item en-tered into by the head of an agency shall be subject to any law properly listed in the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation pursuant to sec-tion 1906(c) of title 41. 
‘‘(3) No contract for the procurement of a 
commercially available off-the-shelf item en-tered into by the head of an agency shall be subject to any law properly listed in the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation pursuant to sec-tion 1907 of title 41. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF DEFENSE -UNIQUE  
STATUTES TO CONTRACTS FOR COMMERCIAL  
ITEMS .—(1) The Defense Federal Acquisition 
Regulation Supplement shall include a list of defense-unique provisions of law that are inapplicable to contracts for the procure-ment of commercial items. A provision of law properly included on the list pursuant to paragraph (2) does not apply to purchases of commercial items by the Department of De-fense. This section does not render a provi-sion of law not included on the list inappli-cable to contracts for the procurement of commercial items. 
‘‘(2) A provision of law described in sub-
section (e) that is enacted after January 1, 2015, shall be included on the list of inappli-cable provisions of law required by para-graph (1) unless the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics makes a written determination that it would not be in the best interest of the De-partment of Defense to exempt contracts for the procurement of commercial items from the applicability of the provision. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF DEFENSE -UNIQUE  
STATUTES TO SUBCONTRACTS FOR COMMERCIAL  
ITEMS .—(1) The Defense Federal Acquisition 
Regulation Supplement shall include a list of provisions of law that are inapplicable to subcontracts under a Department of Defense contract or subcontract for the procurement of commercial items. A provision of law properly included on the list pursuant to paragraph (2) does not apply to those sub-contracts. This section does not render a provision of law not included on the list in-applicable to subcontracts under a contract for the procurement of commercial items. 
‘‘(2) A provision of law described in sub-
section (e) shall be included on the list of in-applicable provisions of law required by paragraph (1) unless the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Lo-gistics makes a written determination that 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3510 June 2, 2015 
it would not be in the best interest of the De-
partment of Defense to exempt subcontracts under a contract for the procurement of commercial items from the applicability of the provision. 
‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘sub-
contract’ includes a transfer of commercial items between divisions, subsidiaries, or af-filiates of a contractor or subcontractor. The term does not include agreements entered into by a contractor for the supply of com-modities that are intended for use in the per-formance of multiple contracts with the De-partment of Defense and other parties and 
are not identifiable to any particular con-tract. 
‘‘(4) This subsection does not authorize the 
waiver of the applicability of any provision of law with respect to any first-tier sub-contract under a contract with a prime con-tractor reselling or distributing commercial items of another contractor without adding value. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY OF DEFENSE -UNIQUE  
STATUTES TO CONTRACTS FOR COMMERCIALLY  
AVAILABLE , OFF-THE-SHELF ITEMS .—(1) The 
Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement shall include a list of provisions of law that are inapplicable to contracts for the procurement of commercially available off- the-shelf items. A provision of law properly included on the list pursuant to paragraph (2) does not apply to Department of Defense contracts for the procurement of commer-cially available off-the-shelf items. This sec-tion does not render a provision of law not included on the list inapplicable to contracts for the procurement of commercially avail-able off-the-shelf items. 
‘‘(2) A provision of law described in sub-
section (e) shall be included on the list of in-applicable provisions of law required by paragraph (1) unless the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Lo-gistics makes a written determination that it would not be in the best interest of the De-partment of Defense to exempt contracts for the procurement of commercially available off-the-shelf items from the applicability of the provision. 
‘‘(e) C
OVERED PROVISION OF LAW.—A provi-
sion of law referred to in subsections (b)(2), (c)(2), and (d)(2) is a provision of law that the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics determines sets forth policies, procedures, requirements, or restrictions for the procurement of property or services by the Federal Government, ex-cept for a provision of law that— 
‘‘(1) provides for criminal or civil pen-
alties; or 
‘‘(2) specifically refers to this section and 
provides that, notwithstanding this section, it shall be applicable to contracts for the procurement of commercial items.’’. 
(b) C
HANGES TO DEFENSE FEDERAL ACQUISI -
TION REGULATION SUPPLEMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—To the maximum extent 
practicable, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall ensure that— 
(A) the Defense Federal Acquisition Regu-
lation Supplement does not require the in-clusion of contract clauses in contracts for the procurement of commercial items or contracts for the procurement of commer-cially available off-the-shelf items, unless such clauses are— 
(i) required to implement provisions of law 
or executive orders applicable to such con-tracts; or 
(ii) determined to be consistent with stand-
ard commercial practice; and 
(B) the flow-down of contract clauses to 
subcontracts under contracts for the pro-curement of commercial items or commer-cially available off-the-shelf items is prohib-ited unless such flow-down is required to im-plement provisions of law or executive orders 
applicable to such subcontracts. 
(2) S
UBCONTRACTS .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘subcontract’’ includes a transfer of commercial items between divisions, subsidi-aries, or affiliates of a contractor or subcon-tractor. The term does not include agree-ments entered into by a contractor for the supply of commodities that are intended for use in the performance of multiple contracts with the Department of Defense and other parties and are not identifiable to any par-ticular contract. 
(c) R
EPORT ON INCLUSION OF CONTRACT  
CLAUSES .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report list-ing all standard contract clauses included in contracts awarded using commercial acquisi-tion procedures under part 12 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation, including a jus-tification for the inclusion of each such clause. 
SEC. 862. MARKET RESEARCH AND PREFERENCE 
FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS. 
(a) G UIDANCE REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition, Technology, and Logistics shall issue guidance to ensure that acquisition of-ficials of the Department of Defense fully comply with the requirements of section 2377 of title 10, United States Code, regarding market research and commercial items. The guidance issued pursuant to this subsection shall, at a minimum— 
(1) provide that the head of an agency may 
not enter into a contract in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold for informa-tion technology products or services that are not commercial items unless the head of the agency determines in writing that no com-mercial items are suitable to meet the agen-cy’s needs as provided in subsection (c)(2) of such section; and 
(2) ensure that market research conducted 
in accordance with subsection (c) of such sec-tion is used, where appropriate, to inform price reasonableness determinations. 
(b) R
EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition, Technology, and Logistics, shall review Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Instruction 3170.01, the Manual for the Oper-ation of the Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System, and other docu-ments governing the requirements develop-ment process and revise these documents as necessary to ensure that the Department of Defense fully complies with the requirement in section 2377(c) of title 10, United States Code, and section 10.001 of the Federal Acqui-sition Regulation for Federal agencies to conduct appropriate market research before developing new requirements. 
(c) M
ARKET RESEARCH DEFINED .—For the 
purposes of this section, the term ‘‘market research’’ means a review of existing sys-tems, subsystems, capabilities, and tech-nologies that are available or could be made available to meet the needs of the Depart-ment of Defense in whole or in part. The re-view may include any of the techniques for conducting market research provided in sec-tion 10.002(b)(2) of the Federal Acquisition Regulation and shall include, at a minimum, contacting knowledgeable individuals in Government and industry regarding existing market capabilities. 
SEC. 863. CONTINUING VALIDITY OF COMMER-
CIAL ITEM DETERMINATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation 
Supplement shall be modified to address the validity of commercial item determinations for multiple procurements. 
(b) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS .—The modification 
required by paragraph (1) shall, at a min-imum— 
(1) provide that a written determination by 
an authorized agency official that an item is a commercial item for the purposes of sec-tion 2306a of title 10, United States Code, shall be presumed to be valid for any subse-quent procurement unless the contracting officer for such procurement determines in writing that the earlier determination was made in error or was based on inadequate in-formation; and 
(2) establish a process by which the con-
tractor may appeal a determination by a contracting officer that an earlier deter-mination was made in error or was based on inadequate information to the head of con-tracting for the agency. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to preclude the contracting officer for the procurement of a commercial item from requiring the contractor to supply information that is suf-ficient to determine the reasonableness of price, regardless whether or not the con-tractor was required to provide such infor-mation in connection with any earlier pro-curement. 
SEC. 864. TREATMENT OF COMMERCIAL ITEMS 
PURCHASED AS MAJOR WEAPON SYSTEMS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO REQUIREMENTS RE-
LATED TO MAJOR WEAPON SYSTEMS .—Section 
2379 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 4(12) of the Office of Federal Procure-ment Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403(12))’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 103 of title 41, United States Code’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the 
semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (2); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 35(c) of the Office 
of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 431(c))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 104 of title 41, United States Code,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘in writing that—’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘(A) the subsystem’’ and inserting ‘‘in writing that the sub-system’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘section 4(12) of the Office 
of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403(12)); and’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103 of title 41, United States Code.’’; and 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (B); (3) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 35(c) of the Office 
of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 431(c))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 104 of title 41, United States Code,’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘in writing that—’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘(i) the component’’ and inserting ‘‘in writing that the compo-nent’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘section 4(12) of the Office 
of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403(12)); and’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103 of 
title 41, United States Code.’’; and 
(iii) by striking clause (ii); and (4) by amending subsection (d) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(d) I
NFORMATION SUBMITTED .—(1) To the 
extent necessary to determine the reason-ableness of the price for items acquired under this section, the contracting officer shall require the offeror to submit— 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3511 June 2, 2015 
‘‘(A) prices paid for the same or similar 
commercial items under comparable terms and conditions by both government and com-mercial customers; 
‘‘(B) if the contracting officer determines 
that the offeror does not have access to and cannot provide sufficient information de-scribed in subparagraph (A) to determine the reasonableness of price, information on— 
‘‘(i) prices for the same or similar items 
sold under different terms and conditions; 
‘‘(ii) prices for similar levels of work or ef-
fort on related products or services; 
‘‘(iii) prices for alternative solutions or ap-
proaches; and 
‘‘(iv) other relevant information that can 
serve as the basis for a price assessment; and 
‘‘(C) if the contracting officer determines 
that the information submitted pursuant to subparagraphs (A) and (B) is not sufficient to determine the reasonableness of price, other relevant information regarding the basis for price or cost, including information on labor costs, material costs, and overhead rates. 
‘‘(2) An offeror may not be required to sub-
mit information described in paragraph (1)(C) with regard to a commercially avail-able off-the-shelf item or any other item that was developed exclusively at private ex-pense.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT TO TRUTH IN  
NEGOTIATIONS ACT.—Section 2306a(d)(1) of 
such title is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘If the con-tracting officer determines that the offeror does not have access to and cannot provide sufficient information on prices for the same or similar items to determine the reason-ableness of price, the contracting officer shall require the submission of information on prices for similar levels or work or effort on related products or services, prices for al-ternative solutions or approaches, and other information that is relevant to the deter-mination of a fair and reasonable price.’’. 
SEC. 865. LIMITATION ON CONVERSION OF PRO-
CUREMENTS FROM COMMERCIAL ACQUISITION PROCEDURES. 
(a) L IMITATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may not convert the procurement of com-mercial items or services from commercial acquisition procedures under part 12 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation to non-com-mercial acquisition procedures under part 15 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation unless the Secretary, in consultation with the head of the acquisition component, certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Department of Defense will realize a signifi-cant cost savings compared to the cost of procuring a similar quantity or level of such item or service using commercial acquisition procedures. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION FACTORS .—In making a 
certification under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary of Defense shall consider the fol-lowing factors: 
(A) The estimated cost of foregone re-
search and development to be performed by the existing contractor to improve future products or services. 
(B) The transaction costs for the Depart-
ment of Defense and the contractor in as-sessing and responding to data requests to support a conversion to non-commercial ac-quisition procedures. 
(C) Changes in purchase quantities. (D) Costs associated with potential pro-
curement delays resulting from the conver-sion. 
(b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I NVENTORY .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall prepare an inventory of all contracts and subcontracts converted from commercial acquisition procedures to non-commercial procedures during the previous five years. 
(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-
gressional defense committees a report on each conversion identified in the inventory prepared under paragraph (1) that identifies and compares per unit costs and prices paid for the item or service under commercial ac-quisition procedures with those paid under non-commercial procurement procedures. 
(c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .— 
(1) R EVIEW OF REPORTS .—Not later than 180 
days after the Secretary of Defense submits a report under subsection (b)(2), the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a review of the accuracy of the report. 
(2) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Comptroller General shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report including any rec-ommendations for additional costs and bene-fits that should be considered when the De-partment of Defense is planning to convert a procurement of items or services from com-mercial to non-commercial procurement pro-cedures. 
(B) F
ACTORS .—In making recommendations 
under subparagraph (A), the Comptroller General shall consider the following factors: 
(i) Industrial base considerations. (ii) The estimated cost of foregone re-
search and development to be performed by existing contractors to improve future prod-ucts or services. 
(iii) The transaction costs for the Depart-
ment of Defense and contractors in assessing and responding to data requests to support conversions to non-commercial acquisition procedures. 
(iv) Costs associated with potential pro-
curement delays resulting from conversions. 
(d) S
UNSET .—The requirements of this sec-
tion shall terminate 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 866. TREATMENT OF GOODS AND SERVICES 
PROVIDED BY NONTRADITIONAL CONTRACTORS AS COMMERCIAL ITEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 140 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2380. Treatment of goods and services pro-
vided by nontraditional contractors as commercial items 
‘‘Notwithstanding section 2376(1) of this 
title, items and services provided by non-traditional contractors (as that term is de-fined in section 2302(9) of this title) may be treated by the head of an agency as commer-cial items for purposes of this chapter.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 140 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2379 the following new item: 
‘‘2380. Treatment of goods and services pro-
vided by nontraditional con-tractors as commercial items.’’. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 871. STREAMLINING OF REQUIREMENTS RE-
LATING TO DEFENSE BUSINESS SYS-TEMS. 
(a) S TREAMLINING OF REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 2222 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2222. Defense business systems: business 
process reengineering; enterprise architec-ture; management 
‘‘(a) D
EFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEMS GEN-
ERALLY .—The Secretary of Defense shall en-
sure that each covered defense business sys-tem developed, deployed, and operated by the Department of Defense— 
‘‘(1) is integrated into a comprehensive de-
fense business enterprise architecture; ‘‘(2) is managed in a manner that provides 
visibility into, and traceability of, expendi-tures for the system; and 
‘‘(3) uses an acquisition and sustainment 
strategy that prioritizes use of commercial software and business practices. 
‘‘(b) D
EFENSE BUSINESS PROCESSES GEN-
ERALLY .—The Secretary of Defense shall en-
sure that defense business processes are re-viewed, and as appropriate revised through business process reengineering to match best commercial practices, to the maximum ex-tent practicable, so as to minimize customization of commercial business sys-tems. 
‘‘(c) I
SSUANCE OF GUIDANCE .— 
‘‘(1) S ECRETARY OF DEFENSE GUIDANCE .— 
The Secretary shall issue guidance to pro-vide for the coordination of, and decision making for, the planning, programming, and control of investments in covered defense business systems. 
‘‘(2) S
UPPORTING GUIDANCE .—The Secretary 
shall direct the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, the Chief Infor-mation Officer, and the Chief Management Officer of each of the military departments to issue and maintain supporting guidance for the guidance of the Secretary issued under paragraph (1), within their respective areas of responsibility, as necessary. 
‘‘(d) G
UIDANCE ELEMENTS .—The guidance 
issued pursuant to subsection (c)(1) shall in-clude the following elements: 
‘‘(1) Policy to ensure that the business 
processes of the Department of Defense are continuously evolved to— 
‘‘(A) implement the most streamlined and 
efficient business process practicable; and 
‘‘(B) eliminate or reduce the need to tailor 
commercial-off-the-shelf systems to meet unique requirements or incorporate unique requirements or incorporate unique inter-faces to the maximum extent practicable. 
‘‘(2) A process to establish requirements 
for covered defense business systems. 
‘‘(3) Policy requiring the periodic review of 
covered defense business systems that have been fully deployed, by portfolio, to ensure that investments in such portfolios are ap-propriate. 
‘‘(4) Policy to ensure full consideration of 
sustainability and technological refreshment requirements, and the appropriate use of open architectures. 
‘‘(e) D
EFENSE BUSINESS COUNCIL .—The Sec-
retary shall establish a Defense Business Council to provide advice to the Secretary on reengineering the Department’s business processes and developing and deploying de-fense business systems. The Council shall be chaired by the Deputy Chief Management Of-ficer of the Department of Defense, and shall include membership from the public sector, defense industry, and commercial industry. 
‘‘(f) A
PPROVALS REQUIRED FOR DEVELOP -
MENT .—(1) The Secretary shall ensure that a 
covered defense business system program cannot proceed into development (or, if no development is required, into production or fielding) unless the appropriate approval of-ficials (as specified in paragraph (3)) have de-termined that— 
‘‘(A) a business process has been, or is 
being, reengineered to be as streamlined and efficient as practicable, and the implementa-tion of the business process will maximize the elimination of unique software require-
ments and unique interfaces; 
‘‘(B) the system has valid, achievable re-
quirements and a viable plan for imple-menting those requirements (including, as appropriate, market research, business proc-ess reengineering, and prototyping activi-ties); 
‘‘(C) the system has an acquisition strat-
egy designed to eliminate or reduce the need 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3512 June 2, 2015 
to tailor commercial-off-the-shelf systems to 
meet unique requirements or incorporate unique requirements or incorporate unique interfaces to the maximum extent prac-ticable; and 
‘‘(D) the system is in compliance with the 
Department’s auditability requirements. 
‘‘(2)(A) For any fiscal year in which funds 
are expended for development or sustainment pursuant to a covered defense business system program, the appropriate approval officials shall review the system and certify, certify with conditions, or de-cline to certify, as the case may be, that— 
‘‘(i) it continues to satisfy the require-
ments of paragraph (1); 
‘‘(ii) an acquisition program baseline has 
been established within two years of pro-gram initiation; and 
‘‘(iii) program requirements and have not 
changed in a manner that is increasing ac-quisition costs or schedule, without suffi-cient cause and only after maximum efforts to reengineer business processes prior to changing requirements. 
‘‘(B) If an approval officially determines 
that full certification cannot be granted, the approval official shall notify the acquisition milestone decision authority for the program and provide a recommendation for corrective action, and provide a copy of such rec-ommendations to the congressional defense committees within 60 days. 
‘‘(3) For purposes of paragraph (1), the ap-
propriate approval officials with respect to a covered defense business system are the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) In the case of a priority defense busi-
ness system, the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(B) In the case of other covered business 
systems, an official designated under proce-dures established by the Secretary of De-fense. 
‘‘(g) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF MILESTONE DECI-
SION AUTHORITY .—The milestone decision au-
thority for a covered defense business system program shall be responsible for the acquisi-tion of such system and shall ensure that ac-
quisition process approvals are not consid-ered for such system until the relevant cer-tifications and approvals have been made under this section. 
‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) D EFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEM .—(A) The 
term ‘defense business system’ means an in-formation system that is operated by, for, or on behalf of the Department of Defense, in-cluding any of the following: 
‘‘(i) A financial system. ‘‘(ii) A financial data feeder system. ‘‘(iii) A contracting system. ‘‘(iv) A logistics system. ‘‘(v) A planning and budgeting system. ‘‘(vi) An installations management system. ‘‘(vii) A human resources management sys-
tem. 
‘‘(viii) A training and readiness system. ‘‘(B) The term does not include— ‘‘(i) a national security system; or ‘‘(ii) an information system used exclu-
sively by and within the defense commissary system or the exchange system or other in-strumentality of the Department of Defense conducted for the morale, welfare, and recre-ation of members of the armed forces using nonappropriated funds. 
‘‘(2) C
OVERED DEFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEM .— 
The term ‘covered defense business system’ means a defense business system that is ex-pected to have a total amount of budget au-thority over the period of the current future- years defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of this title, in excess of $50,000,000. 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED DEFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEM  
PROGRAM .—The term ‘covered defense busi-
ness system program’ means a defense acqui-sition program to develop and field a covered 
defense business system or an increment of a covered defense business system. 
‘‘(4) P
RIORITY DEFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEM  
PROGRAM .—The term ‘priority defense busi-
ness system’ means a defense business sys-tem that is— 
‘‘(A) expected to have a total amount of 
budget authority over the period of the cur-rent future-years defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of this title in excess of $250,000,000; or 
‘‘(B) designated by the Deputy Chief Man-
agement Officer of the Department of De-fense as a priority defense business system, based on specific program analyses of factors including complexity, scope, and technical risk, and after notification to Congress of such designation. 
‘‘(5) E
NTERPRISE ARCHITECTURE .—The term 
‘enterprise architecture’ has the meaning given that term in section 3601(4) of title 44. 
‘‘(6) I
NFORMATION SYSTEM .—The term ‘in-
formation system’ has the meaning given that term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. 
‘‘(7) N
ATIONAL SECURITY SYSTEM .—The term 
‘national security system’ has the meaning given that term in section 3552(b)(2) of title 44. 
‘‘(8) M
ILESTONE DECISION AUTHORITY .—The 
term ‘milestone decision authority’, with re-spect to a defense acquisition program, means the individual within the Department of Defense designated with the responsibility to grant milestone approvals for that pro-gram. 
‘‘(9) B
USINESS PROCESS MAPPING .—The term 
‘business process mapping’ means a proce-dure in which the steps in a business process are clarified and documented in both written form and in a flow chart.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 131 of such title is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘2222. Defense business systems: business 
process reengineering; enter-prise architecture; manage-ment.’’. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF PREVIOUSLY EN-
ACTED TITLE CHANGE .—Effective February 1, 
2017, section 2222 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), is fur-ther amended by striking ‘‘the Deputy Chief Management Officer’’ each place that it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘the Under Secretary of Defense for Business Management and Infor-mation’’. 
(c) D
EADLINE FOR GUIDANCE .—The guidance 
required by subsection (b)(1) of section 2222 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a)(1), shall be issued not later than December 31, 2016. 
(d) M
ODIFICATION OF COMPTROLLER GEN-
ERAL ASSESSMENT .—Section 332(d) of the 
Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 1856) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT .— 
In each odd-numbered year, the Comptroller 
General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees an as-sessment of the extent to which the actions taken by the Department of Defense comply with the requirements of such section.’’. 
SEC. 872. ACQUISITION WORKFORCE. 
(a) M ODIFICATIONS TO DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT  
FUND.—Section 1705 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-
graph (C) to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) For purposes of this paragraph, the 
applicable percentage for a fiscal year is the percentage that results in the credit to the Fund of $500,000,000 in each fiscal year.’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘24-month 
period’’ and inserting ‘‘36-month period’’; 
(2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘60 days’’ 
and inserting ‘‘120 days’’; and 
(3) in subsection (g)(2), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATIONS TO BIENNIAL STRATEGIC  
WORKFORCE PLAN.—Section 115b(d) of title 
10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the de-
fense acquisition workforce, including both military and civilian personnel’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the military, civilian, and contractor personnel that directly support the acquisi-tion processes of the Department of Defense, including persons serving in acquisition-re-lated positions designated by the Secretary of Defense under section 1721 of this title’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(D)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-
serting a semicolon; 
(B) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause 
(iii); and 
(C) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-
lowing new clause: 
‘‘(ii) a description of steps that will be 
taken to address any new or expanded crit-ical skills and competencies the civilian em-ployee workforce will need to address recent trends in defense acquisition, emerging best practices, changes in the government and commercial marketplace, and new require-ments established in law or regulation; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) For the purposes of paragraph (1), con-
tractor personnel shall be treated as directly supporting the acquisition processes of the Department if, and to the extent that, such contractor personnel perform functions in support of personnel in Department of De-fense positions designated by the Secretary of Defense under section 1721 of this title.’’. 
SEC. 873. UNIFIED INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
SERVICES. 
(a) B USINESS CASEANALYSIS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Deputy Chief Management Officer, the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, and the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition, Technology and Logis-tics shall jointly complete a business case analysis, using the resources of the Director of Cost Analysis and Program Evaluation, to determine the most effective and efficient way to procure and deploy information tech-nology services. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The business case analysis 
required by paragraph (1) shall include an as-sessment of whether the Department of De-fense should— 
(A)(i) acquire a unified set of commercially 
provided common or enterprise information technology services, including such services as messaging, collaboration, directory, secu-rity, and content delivery; or 
(ii) allow the military departments and 
other components of the Department to ac-quire such services separately; 
(B)(i) acquire such services from a single 
provider that bundles all of the services; or 
(ii) require that each common service be 
independently defined and use open stand-ards to enable continuous adoption of best commercial technology; and 
(C) enable availability of multiple versions 
of each type of service and application to en-able choice and competition while sup-porting interoperability where necessary. 
(b) G
OVERNANCE MECHANISM AND PROC-
ESS.—Not later than 180 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Deputy Chief Management Officer and the 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3513 June 2, 2015 
Chief Information Officer, establish a gov-
ernance mechanism and process to ensure es-sential interoperability across Department networks through the imposition of a min-imum set of standards or common solutions. 
SEC. 874. CLOUD STRATEGY FOR DEPARTMENT 
OF DEFENSE. 
(a) C LOUD STRATEGY FOR SECRET INTERNET  
PROTOCOL NETWORK .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Chief Information Of-
ficer of the Department of Defense shall, in consultation with the Under Secretary of De-fense for Intelligence, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Lo-gistics, and the chief information officers of the military departments, develop a cloud strategy for the Secret Internet Protocol Network (SIPRNet) of the Department. 
(2) M
ATTERS ADDRESSED .—This strategy re-
quired by paragraph (1) shall address the fol-lowing: 
(A) Security requirements. (B) The compatibility of applications cur-
rently utilized within the Secret Internet Protocol Network with a cloud computing environment. 
(C) How a Secret Internet Protocol Net-
work cloud capability should be competi-tively acquired. 
(D) How a Secret Internet Protocol Net-
work cloud system would achieve interoper-ability with the cloud systems of the intel-ligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) operating at the security level Sen-sitive Compartmented Information. 
(b) P
RICING POLICY AND COST RECOVERY  
PROCESS FOR CERTAIN CLOUD SERVICES .—The 
Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense shall, in coordination with the Di-rector of National Intelligence and in con-sultation with the Under Secretary of De-fense for Intelligence, develop a consistent pricing policy and cost recovery process for the use by Department of Defense compo-nents of the cloud services provided through 
the Intelligence Community Information Technology Environment. 
(c) A
SSESSMENT OF FEASIBILITY AND ADVIS-
ABILITY OF IMPOSING MINIMUM STANDARDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Chief Information Of-
ficer of the Department of Defense shall as-sess the feasibility and advisability of impos-ing a minimum set of open standards for cloud infrastructure, middle-ware, metadata, and application programming interfaces to promote interoperability, information shar-ing, and ease of access to data, and competi-tion across all of the cloud computing sys-tems and services utilized by components of the Department of Defense. 
(2) C
OORDINATION .—The Chief Information 
Officer shall coordinate the assessment re-quired by paragraph (1) with the Director of National Intelligence with respect to the cloud services offered through the Intel-ligence Community Information Technology Environment. 
SEC. 875. DEVELOPMENT PERIOD FOR DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS. 
(a) F LEXIBLE LIMITATION ON DEVELOPMENT  
PERIOD .—Section 2445b of title 10, United 
States Code is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d) T IME-CERTAIN DEVELOPMENT .—If the 
baseline documents prepared under sub-section (c) for a major automated informa-tion system that is not a national security system provide for a period in excess of five years from the time of program initiation to the time of a full deployment decision, the documents submitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall include a written determination by 
the senior Department of Defense official re-sponsible for the program justifying the need for the longer period.’’. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF INCONSISTENT REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(1) Section 2445c(c)(2) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (B), by striking the 
semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting a period; and 
(C) by striking subparagraph (D), as added 
by section 802(a)(3) of the Carl Levin and Howard ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3427). 
(2) Section 811 of the John Warner National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2316) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 876. REVISIONS TO PILOT PROGRAM ON AC-
QUISITION OF MILITARY PURPOSE NON-DEVELOPMENTAL ITEMS. 
Section 866 of the Ike Skelton National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘with 
nontraditional defense contractors’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘awarded 
using competitive procedures in accordance with chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking 
‘‘$50,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000,000’’. 
SEC. 877. EXTENSION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE MENTOR-PROTE´GE´PILOT 
PROGRAM. 
Section 831(j) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2016’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. 
SEC. 878. IMPROVED AUDITING OF CONTRACTS. 
(a) A DDRESSING AUDIT BACKLOG .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Beginning October 1, 2016, 
the Defense Contract Audit Agency may pro-vide audit support for non-Defense Agencies once the Secretary of Defense certifies that the backlog for incurred cost audits is less than 12 months of incurred cost inventory. 
(2) A
DJUSTMENT IN FUNDING FOR REIMBURSE -
MENTS FROM NON -DEFENSE AGENCIES .—The 
amount appropriated and otherwise avail-able to the Defense Contract Audit Agency for a fiscal year beginning after September 30, 2016, shall be reduced by an amount equivalent to any reimbursements received by the Agency from non-Defense Agencies for support provided in violation of the limi-tation under paragraph (1). 
(b) U
SE OF THIRD PARTY AUDITS .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall use up to 5 percent of the auditing staff of the service audit agen-cies augmented by private sector auditors to help eliminate the audit backlog in incurred cost, pre-award accounting systems audits and to reduce the time to complete pre- award audits. 
(c) U
SE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL AUDITING  
STAFF .—The Office of the Inspector General 
of the Department of Defense shall make available 5 percent of its auditing staff to the Defense Contract Audit Agency to help eliminate the audit backlog in incurred cost, pre-award accounting systems audits and to reduce the time to complete pre-award au-dits. 
(d) D
EFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY AN-
NUAL REPORT .—Section 2313a(a) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-
graph (D) to read as follows: 
‘‘(D) the total costs of sustained or recov-
ered costs both as a total number and as a percentage of questioned costs; and’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(3) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (6); and 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(4) a description of actions taken to en-
sure alignment of policies and practices across the Defense Contract Audit Agency regional organizations, offices, and indi-vidual auditors; 
‘‘(5) a description of outreach actions to-
ward industry to promote more effective use of audit resources; and’’. 
(e) A
CQUISITION OVERSIGHT AND AUDITS .— 
The Secretary of Defense shall review the oversight and audit structure of the Depart-ment of Defense with the goal of enhancing the productivity of oversight and program and contract auditing to avoid duplicative audits and the streamlining of oversight re-views. The Secretary shall take all necessary measures to streamline oversight reviews and avoid duplicative audits and make rec-ommendation for any necessary changes in law. 
(f) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on actions taken to avoid duplicative audits and streamline oversight reviews. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) A description of actions taken to avoid 
duplicative audits and streamline oversight reviews based on the review conducted under subsection (e). 
(B) A comparison of commercial industry 
accounting practices, including require-ments under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–204), with the Cost Account-ing Standards (CAS) to determine if some portions of CAS compliance can be met through such practices or requirements. 
(C) A description of standards of materi-
ality used by the Defense Contract Audit Agency and the Inspector General of the De-partment of Defense for defense contract au-dits. 
(D) An estimate of average delay and range 
of delays in contract awards due to time nec-essary for the Defense Contract Audit Agen-cy to complete pre-award audits. 
(g) I
NCURRED COSTINVENTORY DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘incurred cost inven-tory’’ means the level of contractor incurred cost proposals in inventory from prior fiscal years that are currently being audited by the Defense Contract Audit Agency. 
SEC. 879. SURVEY ON THE COSTS OF REGU-
LATORY COMPLIANCE. 
(a) S URVEY .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall conduct a survey of the top ten con-tractors with the highest level of reimburse-ments for cost type contracts with the De-partment of Defense during fiscal year 2014 to estimate industry’s cost of regulatory compliance (as a percentage of total costs) 
with government unique acquisition regula-tions and requirements in the categories of quality assurance, accounting and financial management, contracting and purchasing, program management, engineering, logistics, material management, property administra-tion, and other unique requirements not im-posed on contracts for commercial items. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3514 June 2, 2015 
the findings of the survey conducted under 
subsection (a). The data received as a result of the survey and included in the report shall be aggregated to protect against the public release of proprietary information. 
SEC. 880. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-
FICE REPORT ON BID PROTESTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 270 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the prevalence and impact of bid protests on Department of Defense acquisitions over the previous 10 years, including both protests to the Govern-ment Accountability Office and protests filed in Federal court. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following elements: 
(1) A description of trends in the number of 
bid protests filed, and the rate of such bid protests compared to the number of procure-ments. 
(2) A description of comparative rates for 
bid protests filed by incumbent contractors and bid protests filed by non-incumbent con-tractors. 
(3) An assessment of the cost and schedule 
impact of successful and unsuccessful bid protests filed by incumbent contractors on contracts for services with a value in excess of $100,000,000. 
(4) A description of trends in the number of 
bid protests filed and the rate of such bid protests on contracts for the procurement of major defense acquisition programs. 
(5) An assessment of the cost and schedule 
impact of successful and unsuccessful bid protests filed on contracts for the procure-ment of major defense acquisition programs. 
(6) A description of any views the Comp-
troller General may have on the likely im-pact of a provision requiring a losing pro-tester on a contract for the procurement of a major defense acquisition program to pay the legal fees of the government. 
SEC. 881. STEPS TO IDENTIFY AND ADDRESS PO-
TENTIAL UNFAIR COMPETITIVE AD-VANTAGE OF TECHNICAL ADVISORS TO ACQUISITION OFFICIALS. 
(a) G UIDANCE REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition, Technology, and Logistics shall issue guidance on steps that should be taken to identify and evaluate, and to avoid, neu-tralize, or mitigate, any potentially unfair competitive advantage of entities providing technical advice to acquisition officials in the award of research and development work by such officials. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this 
section— 
(1) the term ‘‘potentially unfair competi-
tive advantage’’ means unequal access to ac-quisition officials responsible for award deci-sions or allocation of resources or to acquisi-tion information relevant to award decisions or allocation of resources; and 
(2) the term ‘‘entity providing technical 
advice to acquisition officials’’ means a con-tractor, Federally-funded research and devel-opment center and other non-profit entity, or Federal laboratory that provides systems engineering and technical direction, partici-pates in technical evaluations, helps prepare specifications or work statements, or other-wise provides technical advice to acquisition officials on the conduct of defense acquisi-tion programs. 
SEC. 882. HUBZONE QUALIFIED DISASTER AREAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Small Business Act 
(15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.)) is amended— 
(1) in section 3(p) (15 U.S.C. 632(p))— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’; (ii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) qualified disaster areas.’’; and (B) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(E) Q
UALIFIED DISASTER AREA .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified dis-
aster area’ means any census tract or non-metropolitan county located in an area for which the President has declared a major disaster under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) or located in an area in which a catastrophic incident has oc-curred, if— 
‘‘(I) in the case of a census tract, the cen-
sus tract ceased to be a qualified census tract during the period beginning 5 years be-fore and ending 2 years after the date on which— 
‘‘(aa) the President declared the major dis-
aster; or 
‘‘(bb) the catastrophic incident occurred; 
or 
‘‘(II) in the case of a nonmetropolitan 
county, the nonmetropolitan county ceased to be a qualified nonmetropolitan county during the period beginning 5 years before and ending 2 years after the date on which— 
‘‘(aa) the President declared the major dis-
aster; or 
‘‘(bb) the catastrophic incident occurred. 
‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT .—A qualified disaster area 
shall only be treated as a HUBZone— 
‘‘(I) in the case of a major disaster declared 
by the President, during the 5-year period beginning on the date on which the Presi-dent declared the major disaster for the area in which the census tract or nonmetropoli-tan county, as applicable, is located; and 
‘‘(II) in the case of a catastrophic incident, 
during the 10-year period beginning on the date on which the catastrophic incident oc-curred in the area in which the census tract or nonmetropolitan county, as applicable, is located.’’; and 
(2) in section 31(c)(3) (15 U.S.C. 657a(c)(3)), 
by inserting ‘‘the Administrator of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Labor,’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall apply to a major dis-aster declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) or a catastrophic incident that occurs on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 883. BASE CLOSURE HUBZONES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3(p)(5)(A)(i)(I) of 
the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(5)(A)(i)(I)) is amended— 
(1) in item (aa), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) by redesignating item (bb) as item (cc); 
and 
(3) by inserting after item (aa) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(bb) pursuant to subparagraph (A), (B), 
(C), (D), or (E) of paragraph (3), that its prin-cipal office is located in a HUBZone de-scribed in paragraph (1)(E) (relating to base closure areas) (in this item referred to as the ‘base closure HUBZone’), and that not fewer than 35 percent of its employees reside in— 
‘‘(AA) a HUBZone; ‘‘(BB) the census tract in which the base 
closure HUBZone is wholly contained; 
‘‘(CC) a census tract the boundaries of 
which intersect the boundaries of the base closure HUBZone; or 
‘‘(DD) a census tract the boundaries of 
which are contiguous to a census tract de-scribed in subitem (BB) or (CC); or’’. 
(b) P
ERIOD FOR BASECLOSURE AREAS .— 
(1) A MENDMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 152(a)(2) of title I 
of division K of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2005 (15 U.S.C. 632 note) is amended 
by striking ‘‘5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘8 years’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
1698(b)(2) of National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (15 U.S.C. 632 note) is amended by striking ‘‘5 years’’ and insert-ing ‘‘8 years’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE ; APPLICABILITY .—The 
amendments made by paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) take effect on the date of enactment of 
this Act; and 
(B) apply to— (i) a base closure area (as defined in sec-
tion 3(p)(4)(D) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(4)(D))) that, on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, is treated as a HUBZone described in section 3(p)(1)(E) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(1)(E)) under— 
(I) section 152(a)(2) of title I of division K 
of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005 (15 U.S.C. 632 note); or 
(II) section 1698(b)(2) of National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (15 U.S.C. 632 note); and 
(ii) a base closure area relating to the clo-
sure of a military instillation under the au-thority described in clauses (i) through (iv) of section 3(p)(4)(D) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(4)(D)) that occurs on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 
SEC. 901. UPDATE OF STATUTORY SPECIFICA-
TION OF FUNCTIONS OF CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF RE-LATING TO ADVICE ON REQUIRE-MENTS, PROGRAMS, AND BUDGET. 
Section 153(a)(4) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(H) Advising the Secretary on develop-
ment of joint command, control, commu-nications, and cyber capabilities, including integration and interoperability of such ca-pabilities, through requirements, integrated architectures, data standards, and assess-ments.’’. 
SEC. 902. REORGANIZATION AND REDESIGNA-
TION OF OFFICE OF FAMILY POLICY AND OFFICE OF COMMUNITY SUP-PORT FOR MILITARY FAMILIES WITH SPECIAL NEEDS. 
(a) O FFICE OF FAMILY POLICY .— 
(1) R EDESIGNATION AS OFFICE OF MILITARY  
FAMILY READINESS POLICY .—Section 1781(a) of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘Office of Family Policy’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Office of Military Family Readiness Policy’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘Director of Family Pol-
icy’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Military Family Readiness Policy’’. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENT FOR DIRECTOR TO BE MEM -
BER OF SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE OR GEN -
ERAL OR FLAG OFFICER .—Such section is fur-
ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new sentence: ‘‘The Director shall be a member of the Senior Executive Service or a general officer or flag officer.’’. 
(3) I
NCLUSION OF DIRECTOR ON MILITARY  
FAMILY READINESS COUNCIL .—Subsection 
(b)(1)(E) of section 1781a of such title is amended by striking ‘‘Office of Community Support for Military Families with Special Needs’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Military Family Readiness Policy’’. 
(4) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
131(b)(7)(F) of such title is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Director of Family Policy’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Director of Military Family Readiness Policy’’. 
(5) H
EADING AND CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of sec-
tion 1781 of such title is amended to read as follows: 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3515 June 2, 2015 
‘‘§ 1781. Office of Military Family Readiness 
Policy’’. 
(B) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 88 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 1781 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘1781. Office of Military Family Readiness 
Policy.’’. 
(b) O
FFICE OF COMMUNITY SUPPORT FOR  
MILITARY FAMILIES WITHSPECIAL NEEDS .— 
(1) R EDESIGNATION AS OFFICE OF SPECIAL  
NEEDS .—Subsection (a) of section 1781c of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Office of Community Support for Military Families with Special Needs’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Special Needs’’. 
(2) R
EORGANIZATION UNDER OFFICE OF MILI -
TARY FAMILY READINESS POLICY .—Such sub-
section is further amended by striking ‘‘Of-fice of the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness’’ and inserting ‘‘Of-fice of Military Family Readiness Policy’’. 
(3) R
EPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR HEAD OF  
OFFICE TO BE MEMBER OF SENIOR EXECUTIVE  
SERVICE OR GENERAL OR FLAG OFFICER .—Such 
section is further amended by striking sub-section (c). 
(4) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sec-
tion is further amended— 
(A) by redesignating subsections (d) 
through (i) as subsections (c) through (h), re-spectively; 
(B) by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; 
(C) in subsection (c), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’; and 
(D) in subsection (g), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (d)(4)’’ in paragraph (2)(B) and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(4)’’. 
(5) H
EADING AND CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such 
section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 1781c. Office of Special Needs’’. 
(B) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 88 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 1781c and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘1781c. Office of Special Needs.’’. 
SEC. 903. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR AN-
NUAL DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FUNDING FOR OCEAN RESEARCH ADVISORY PANEL. 
Section 7903 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by striking subsection (c). 
TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1001. GENERAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOTRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— 
(1) A UTHORITY .—Upon determination by 
the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Sec-retary may transfer amounts of authoriza-tions made available to the Department of Defense in this division for fiscal year 2016 between any such authorizations for that fis-cal year (or any subdivisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (3), the total amount of authoriza-tions that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this section may not exceed $4,500,000,000. 
(3) E
XCEPTION FOR TRANSFERS BETWEEN  
MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS .—A 
transfer of funds between military personnel authorizations under title IV shall not be counted toward the dollar limitation in para-graph (2). (b) L
IMITATIONS .—The authority provided 
by subsection (a) to transfer authoriza-tions— 
(1) may only be used to provide authority 
for items that have a higher priority than the items from which authority is trans-ferred; and 
(2) may not be used to provide authority 
for an item that has been denied authoriza-tion by Congress. 
(c) E
FFECT ON AUTHORIZATION AMOUNTS .—A 
transfer made from one account to another under the authority of this section shall be deemed to increase the amount authorized for the account to which the amount is transferred by an amount equal to the amount transferred. 
(d) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall promptly notify Congress of each trans-fer made under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1002. ANNUAL AUDIT OF FINANCIAL STATE-
MENTS OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE COMPONENTS BY INDE-PENDENT EXTERNAL AUDITORS. 
(a) A UDITS REQUIRED .—For purposes of sat-
isfying the requirement under section 3521(e) of title 31, United States Code, for audits of financial statements of Department of De-fense components identified by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget under section 3515(c) of such title, the In-spector General of the Department of De-fense shall obtain each year audits of the fi-nancial statements of each such component by an independent external auditor. 
(b) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL SELECTION AND  
OVERSIGHT .—The Inspector General shall— 
(1) select independent external auditors for 
purposes of subsection (a) based, among other appropriate criteria, on their qualifica-tions, independence, and capacity to conduct audits described in subsection (a) in accord-ance with applicable generally accepted gov-ernment auditing standards; and 
(2) shall monitor the conduct of such au-
dits. 
(c) R
EPORTS ON AUDITS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Inspector General 
shall require the independent external audi-tors conducting audits under subsection (a) to submit a report on their audits each year to the Secretary of Defense, the Controller of the Office of Federal Financial Management in the Office of Management and Budget, and the appropriate committees of Congress. 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives. 
(d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING LAW.—The 
requirements of this section— 
(1) shall be implemented in a manner that 
is consistent with the requirements of sec-tion 1008 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2002 (10 U.S.C. 2222 note); 
(2) shall not be construed to alter the re-
quirement under section 3521(e) of title 31, United States Code, that the financial state-ments of the Department of Defense as a whole be audited by the Inspector General or by an independent external auditor, as deter-mined by the Inspector General; and 
(3) shall not be construed to limit or alter 
the authorities of the Comptroller General of the United States under section 3521(g) of title 31, United States Code. SEC. 1003. TREATMENT AS PART OF THE BASE 
BUDGET OF CERTAIN AMOUNTS AU-THORIZED FOR OVERSEAS CONTIN-GENCY OPERATIONS UPON ENACT-MENT OF AN ACT REVISING THE BUDGET CONTROL ACT DISCRE-TIONARY SPENDING LIMITS FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2016. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the event of the enact-
ment of an Act revising in proportionally equal amounts the defense and non-defense discretionary spending limits for fiscal year 2016, the amount authorized to be appro-priated by title XV that is in excess of the $50,900,000,000 that is authorized to be appro-priated by that title for revised security cat-egory activities, and is also not greater than the amount of the increase in the discre-tionary spending limit for revised security category activities revised by that Act, shall be deemed to have been authorized to be ap-propriated by title III. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘Act revising the defense and 
non-defense discretionary spending limits for fiscal year 2016’’ means an Act— 
(A) enacted after the date of enactment of 
this Act; and 
(B) that— (i) increases in proportionally equal 
amounts the discretionary spending limits for fiscal year 2016 for the revised security category and the revised nonsecurity cat-egory; and 
(ii) may include increases to the discre-
tionary spending limits for fiscal years 2017 through 2021. 
(2) The terms ‘‘discretionary spending 
limit’’, ‘‘revised nonsecurity category’’, and ‘‘revised security category’’ have the mean-ings given such terms in section 250 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900). 
SEC. 1004. SENSE OF SENATE ON SEQUESTRA-
TION. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— 
(1) the nation’s fiscal challenges are a top 
priority for Congress, and sequestration— non-strategic, across-the-board budget cuts— remains an unreasonable and inadequate budgeting tool to address the nation’s defi-cits and debt; 
(2) sequestration relief must be accom-
plished for fiscal years 2016 and 2017; 
(3) sequestration relief should include 
equal defense and non-defense relief; and 
(4) sequestration relief should be offset 
through targeted changes in mandatory and discretionary categories and revenues. 
Subtitle B—Counter-Drug Activities 
SEC. 1011. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO SUP-
PORT UNIFIED COUNTERDRUG AND COUNTERTERRORISM CAMPAIGN IN COLOMBIA. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 1021 
of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Pub-lic Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 2042), as most re-cently amended by section 1011(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is further amended— 
(1) In subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2017’’; and 
(2) In subsection (c), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
(b) E
XTENSION OF ANNUAL NOTICE TO CON-
GRESS ON ASSISTANCE .—Section 1011(b) of the 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 is amended by striking ‘‘(as amended by subsection (a)) using funds available for fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘using funds available for any fiscal year’’. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3516 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 1012. EXTENSION AND EXPANSION OF AU-
THORITY TO PROVIDE ADDITIONAL SUPPORT FOR COUNTER-DRUG AC-TIVITIES OF CERTAIN FOREIGN GOV-ERNMENTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a)(2) of section 
1033 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105–85; 111 Stat. 1881), as most recently amended by section 1013 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 844), is further amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
(b) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF SUPPORT .—Sub-
section (e)(2) of such section 1033, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL GOVERNMENTS ELIGIBLE TO 
RECEIVE SUPPORT .—Subsection (b) of such 
section 1033, as so amended, is further amended by adding at the end of the fol-lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(40) Government of Kenya. ‘‘(41) Government of Tanzania. ‘‘(42) Government of Somalia.’’. 
Subtitle C—Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
SEC. 1021. STUDIES OF FLEET PLATFORM ARCHI-
TECTURES FOR THE NAVY. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT STUDIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide for the performance of three independent studies of alternative future fleet platform architectures for the Navy in the 2030 timeframe. 
(2) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than May 1, 2016, the Secretary shall forward the results of each study to the congres-sional defense committees. 
(3) F
ORM.—Each such study shall be sub-
mitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex as necessary. 
(b) E
NTITIES TO PERFORM STUDIES .—The 
Secretary of Defense shall provide for the studies under subsection (a) to be performed as follows: 
(1) One study shall be performed by the De-
partment of the Navy and shall include par-ticipants from— 
(A) the Office of Net Assessment within the 
Office of the Secretary of Defense; and 
(B) the Naval Surface Warfare Center Dahl-
gren Division. 
(2) The second study shall be performed by 
a federally funded research and development center. 
(3) The final study shall be conducted by 
an independent, non-governmental institute which is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code, and has recognized credentials and expertise in national security and military affairs. 
(c) P
ERFORMANCE OF STUDIES .— 
(1) I NDEPENDENT PERFORMANCE .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall require the three studies under this section to be conducted independently of each other. 
(2) M
ATTERS TO BE CONSIDERED .—In per-
forming a study under this section, the orga-nization performing the study, while being aware of the current and projected fleet plat-form architectures, shall not be limited by the current or projected fleet platform archi-tecture and shall consider the following mat-ters: 
(A) The National Security Strategy of the 
United States. 
(B) Potential future threats to the United 
States and to United States naval forces in the 2030 timeframe. 
(C) Traditional roles and missions of 
United States naval forces. 
(D) Alternative roles and missions for 
United States naval forces. 
(E) Other government and non-government 
analyses that would contribute to the study through variations in study assumptions or potential scenarios. (F) The role of evolving technology on fu-
ture naval forces, including unmanned sys-tems. 
(G) Opportunities for reduced personnel 
and sustainment costs. 
(H) Current and projected capabilities of 
other United States military services that could affect force structure capability and capacity requirements of United States naval forces. 
(d) S
TUDY RESULTS .—The results of each 
study under this section shall— 
(1) present the alternative fleet platform 
architectures considered, with assumptions and possible scenarios identified for each; 
(2) provide for presentation of minority 
views of study participants; and 
(3) for the recommended architecture, pro-
vide— 
(A) the numbers, kinds, and sizes of ves-
sels, the numbers and types of associated manned and unmanned vehicles, and the basic capabilities of each of those platforms; 
(B) other information needed to under-
stand that architecture in basic form and the supporting analysis; 
(C) deviations from the current Annual 
Long-Range Plan for Construction of Naval Vessels required under section 231 of title 10, United States Code; 
(D) options to address ship classes that 
begin decommissioning prior to 2035; and 
(E) implications for naval aviation, includ-
ing the future carrier air wing and land- based aviation platforms. 
SEC. 1022. AMENDMENT TO NATIONAL SEA-BASED 
DETERRENCE FUND. 
Section 1022(b)(1) of the Carl Levin and 
Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291) is amended by striking ‘‘for the Navy for the Ohio Replacement Pro-gram’’. 
SEC. 1023. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR REIM-
BURSEMENT OF EXPENSES FOR CER-TAIN NAVY MESS OPERATIONS AFLOAT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (b) of section 
1014 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Pub-lic Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4585), as amended by section 1021 of the Ike Skelton National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4348), is further amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CLARIFYING AMEND -
MENTS .—Subsection (a) of such section, as so 
amended, is further amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘not more that’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Naval 
vessels’’ and inserting ‘‘such vessels’’. 
Subtitle D—Counterterrorism 
SEC. 1031. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO 
CONSTRUCT OR MODIFY FACILITIES IN THE UNITED STATES TO HOUSE DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—No amounts authorized 
to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise available for the Department of Defense may be used, during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the effective date specified in section 1032(f), to construct or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or posses-sions to house an individual detained at Guantanamo for the purpose of detention or imprisonment in the custody or control of the United States Government unless au-thorized by Congress. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in sub-
section (a) shall not apply to any modifica-tion of facilities at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (c) I
NDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘indi-
vidual detained at Guantanamo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of Octo-ber 1, 2009, who— 
(1) is not a citizen of the United States or 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is— (A) in the custody or under the control of 
the Department of Defense; or 
(B) otherwise under detention at United 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(d) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED PROHIBITION .— 
Section 1033 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 850), as amended by section 1032 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is repealed. 
SEC. 1032. LIMITATION ON THE TRANSFER OR RE-
LEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), no amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise avail-able for the Department of Defense may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other de-tainee who— 
(1) is not a United States citizen or a mem-
ber of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is or was held on or after January 20, 
2009, at United States Naval Station, Guan-tanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of De-fense. 
(b) T
RANSFER FOR DETENTION AND TRIAL.— 
The Secretary of Defense may transfer a de-tainee described in subsection (a) to the United States for detention pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40), trial, and incarceration if the Secretary— 
(1) determines that the transfer is in the 
national security interest of the United States; 
(2) determines that appropriate actions 
have been taken, or will be taken, to address any risk to public safety that could arise in connection with detention and trial in the United States; and 
(3) notifies the appropriate committees of 
Congress not later than 30 days before the date of the proposed transfer. 
(c) N
OTIFICATION ELEMENTS .—A notifica-
tion on a transfer under subsection (b)(3) shall include the following: 
(1) A statement of the basis for the deter-
mination that the transfer is in the national security interest of the United States. 
(2) A description of the action the Sec-
retary determines have been taken, or will be taken, to address any risk to the public safety that could arise in connection with the detention and trial in the United States. 
(d) S
TATUS WHILE IN THE UNITED STATES .— 
A detainee who is transferred to the United States under this section— 
(1) shall not be permitted to apply for asy-
lum under section 208 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158) or be eli-gible to apply for admission into the United States; 
(2) shall be considered to be paroled into 
the United States temporarily pursuant to section 212(d)(5)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(d)(5)(A)); 
(3) shall not at any time be subject to, and 
may not apply for or obtain, or be deemed to enjoy, any right, privilege, status, benefit, or eligibility for any benefit under any provi-sion of the immigration laws (as defined in 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3517 June 2, 2015 
section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17)), or any other law or regulation; and 
(4) shall not, as a result of such transfer, 
have a change in designation as an unprivileged enemy belligerent eligible for detention pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force, as determined in ac-cordance with applicable law and regula-tions. 
(e) L
IMITATIONS ON JUDICIAL REVIEW .— 
(1) L IMITATIONS .—Except as provided for in 
paragraph (2), no court, justice, or judge shall have jurisdiction to hear or consider any action against the United States or its agents relating to any aspect of the deten-tion, transfer, treatment, or conditions of confinement of a detainee described in sub-section (a) who is held by the Armed Forces of the United States. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—A detainee who is trans-
ferred to the United States under this sec-tion shall not be deprived of the right to challenge his designation as an unprivileged enemy belligerent by filing a writ of habeas corpus as provided by the Supreme Court in 
Hamdan v. Rumsfeld (548 U.S. 557 (2006)) and Boumediene v. Bush (553 U.S. 723 (2008)). 
(3) N
O CAUSE OF ACTION IN DECISION NOT TO  
TRANSFER .—A decision not to transfer a de-
tainee to the United States under this sec-tion shall not give rise to a judicial cause of action. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsections (b), (c), 
(d), and (e) shall take effect on the effective date of a joint resolution approved pursuant to subsection (h) on the plan on the disposi-tion of detainees held at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, submitted pursuant to subsection (g). 
(g) P
LAN FOR DISPOSITION OF DETAINEES .— 
(1) R EPORT ON PLAN REQUIRED .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report set-ting forth a comprehensive plan on the dis-position of detainees held at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall contain the following: 
(A) A case-by-case determination made for 
each individual detained at Guantanamo of whether such individual is intended to be transferred to a foreign country, transferred to the United States for the purpose of civil-ian or military trial, or transferred to the United States or another country for contin-ued detention under the law of armed con-flict. 
(B) The specific facility or facilities that 
are intended to be used, or modified to be used, to hold individuals inside the United States for the purpose of trial, for detention in the aftermath of conviction, or for contin-ued detention under the law of armed con-flict. 
(C) The estimated costs associated with 
the detention inside the United States of in-dividuals detained at Guantanamo. 
(D) A description of the legal implications 
associated with the detention inside the United States of an individual detained at Guantanamo, including but not limited to the right to challenge such detention as un-lawful. 
(E) A detailed description and assessment, 
made in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intel-ligence, of the actions that would be taken prior to the transfer to a foreign country of an individual detained at Guantanamo that would substantially mitigate the risk of such individual engaging or reengaging in any ter-rorist or other hostile activity that threat-ens the United States or United States per-son or interests. 
(F) What additional authorities, if any, 
may be necessary to detain an individual de-tained at Guantanamo inside the United States as an unprivileged enemy belligerent 
pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force, pending the end of hostilities or a future determination by the Secretary of Defense that such individual no longer poses a threat to the United States or United States persons or interests. 
(G) A plan for the disposition of any indi-
viduals who are detained by the United States under the law of armed conflict after the date of the report, including a plan to de-tain and interrogate such individuals for the purposes of— 
(i) protecting the security of the United 
States, its persons, allies, and interests; and 
(ii) collecting intelligence necessary to en-
sure the security of the United States, its person, allies, and interests. 
(3) F
ORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(h) C
ONSIDERATION BY CONGRESS OF SEC-
RETARY OF DEFENSE PLAN.— 
(1) T ERMS OF THE RESOLUTION .—For pur-
poses of this section the term ‘‘joint resolu-tion’’ means only a joint resolution which is introduced within the 10-day period begin-ning on the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to Congress a report under subsection (g) and— 
(A) which does not have a preamble; (B) the matter after the resolving clause of 
which is as follows: ‘‘That Congress approves the plan of the Secretary of Defense on the disposition of detainees held at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, under section 1032(g) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 as submitted by the Secretary of De-fense to Congress on llllll ’’, the blank 
space being filled in with the appropriate date; and 
(C) the title of which is as follows: ‘‘Joint 
resolution approving the plan of the Sec-retary of Defense on the disposition of de-tainees held at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.’’. 
(2) R
EFERRAL .—A resolution described in 
paragraph (1) that is introduced in the House of Representatives shall be referred to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. A resolution described in paragraph (1) introduced in the Senate shall 
be referred to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. 
(3) D
ISCHARGE .—If the committee to which 
a resolution described in paragraph (1) is re-ferred has not reported such resolution (or an identical resolution) by the end of the 20- day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary submits to Congress a report under subsection (g), such committee shall be, at the end of such period, discharged from further consideration of such resolu-tion, and such resolution shall be placed on the appropriate calendar of the House in-volved. 
(4) C
ONSIDERATION .—(A) On or after the 
third day after the date on which the com-mittee to which such a resolution is referred has reported, or has been discharged (under paragraph (3)) from further consideration of, such a resolution, it is in order (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for any Member of the re-spective House to move to proceed to the consideration of the resolution. A Member may make the motion only on the day after the calendar day on which the Member an-nounces to the House concerned the Mem-ber’s intention to make the motion, except that, in the case of the House of Representa-tives, the motion may be made without such prior announcement if the motion is made by direction of the committee to which the res-olution was referred. All points of order against the resolution (and against consider-ation of the resolution) are waived. The mo-tion is highly privileged in the House of Rep-
resentatives and is privileged in the Senate and is not debatable. The motion is not sub-ject to amendment, or to a motion to post-pone, or to a motion to proceed to the con-sideration of other business. A motion to re-consider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consider-ation of the resolution is agreed to, the re-spective House shall immediately proceed to consideration of the joint resolution without intervening motion, order, or other business, and the resolution shall remain the unfin-ished business of the respective House until disposed of. 
(B) Debate on the resolution, and on all de-
batable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 2 hours, which shall be divided equally be-tween those favoring and those opposing the resolution. An amendment to the resolution is not in order. A motion further to limit de-bate is in order and not debatable. A motion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the resolution is not in order. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the resolution is agreed to or disagreed to is not in order. 
(C) Immediately following the conclusion 
of the debate on a resolution described in paragraph (1) and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate if requested in ac-cordance with the rules of the appropriate House, the vote on final passage of the reso-lution shall occur. 
(D) Appeals from the decisions of the Chair 
relating to the application of the rules of the Senate or the House of Representatives, as the case may be, to the procedure relating to a resolution described in paragraph (1) shall be decided without debate. 
(5) C
ONSIDERATION BY OTHER HOUSE .—(A) If, 
before the passage by one House of a resolu-tion of that House described in paragraph (1), that House receives from the other House a resolution described in paragraph (1), then the following procedures shall apply: 
(i) The resolution of the other House shall 
not be referred to a committee and may not be considered in the House receiving it ex-cept in the case of final passage as provided in clause (ii)(II). 
(ii) With respect to a resolution described 
in paragraph (1) of the House receiving the resolution— 
(I) the procedure in that House shall be the 
same as if no resolution had been received from the other House; but 
(II) the vote on final passage shall be on 
the resolution of the other House. 
(B) Upon disposition of the resolution re-
ceived from the other House, it shall no longer be in order to consider the resolution that originated in the receiving House. 
(6) R
ULES OF THE SENATE AND THE HOUSE OF  
REPRESENTATIVES .—This subsection is en-
acted by Congress— 
(A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the Senate and House of Representatives, respectively, and as such it is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of a resolution described in paragraph (1), and it supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is inconsistent with such rules; and 
(B) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. 
(i) L
IMITATION ON TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF  
DETAINEES TRANSFERRED TO THE UNITED  
STATES .— 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3518 June 2, 2015 
(1) L IMITATION PENDING ENACTMENT OF  
JOINT RESOLUTION APPROVING PLAN .—Not-
withstanding any other provision of law and subject to paragraph (2), any individual de-tained at Guantanamo who is transferred to the United States after the date of the enact-ment of this Act shall not be released within the United States or its territories, and may only be transferred or released in accordance with the procedures under section 1033. 
(2) L
IMITATION ON TRANSFER OVERSEAS  
AFTER ENACTMENT OF JOINT RESOLUTION AP -
PROVING PLAN .—Effective on the effective 
date specified in subsection (f)— 
(A) the provisions of section 1035 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 851; 10 U.S.C. 801 note), as previously repealed by section 1033, shall be revived; 
(B) the procedures under such section 1035, 
as so revived, shall apply to the transfer of individuals detained at Guantanamo to for-eign countries rather than the procedures under section1033; and 
(C) in the application of procedures under 
such section 1035 as described in subpara-graph (B), any reference to an individual de-tained at Guantanamo shall be deemed to refer also to any such individual transferred to the United States after such effective date. 
(j) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED PROHIBITION .— 
Section 1034 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 851), as amended by section 1033 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is repealed. 
(k) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of 
Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(2) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guan-
tanamo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
(A) is not a citizen of the United States or 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(B) is— (i) in the custody or under the control of 
the Department of Defense; or 
(ii) otherwise under detention at United 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
SEC. 1033. REENACTMENT AND MODIFICATION 
OF CERTAIN PRIOR REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTIFICATIONS RELATING TO TRANSFER OF DETAINEES AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO FOR-EIGN COUNTRIES AND OTHER FOR-EIGN ENTITIES. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION REQUIRED PRIOR TO  
TRANSFER .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2) and subsection (d), the Sec-retary of Defense may not use any amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise available to the Department of Defense to transfer any individual detained at Guanta-namo to the custody or control of the indi-vidual’s country of origin, any other foreign country, or any other foreign entity unless the Secretary submits to the appropriate committees of Congress the certification de-scribed in subsection (b) not later than 30 days before the transfer of the individual. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to any action taken by the Secretary to transfer any individual detained at Guan-
tanamo to effectuate an order affecting the disposition of the individual that is issued by a court or competent tribunal of the United States having lawful jurisdiction (which the Secretary shall notify the appropriate com-mittees of Congress of promptly after issuance). 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION .—A certification de-
scribed in this subsection is a written certifi-cation made by the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, that— 
(1) the government of the foreign country 
or the recognized leadership of the foreign entity to which the individual detained at Guantanamo is to be transferred— 
(A) is not a designated state sponsor of ter-
rorism or a designated foreign terrorist orga-nization; 
(B) maintains control over each detention 
facility in which the individual is to be de-tained if the individual is to be housed in a detention facility; 
(C) is not, as of the date of the certifi-
cation, facing a threat that is likely to sub-stantially affect its ability to exercise con-trol over the individual; 
(D) has taken or agreed to take effective 
actions to ensure that the individual cannot 
take action to threaten the United States, its citizens, or its allies in the future; 
(E) has taken or agreed to take such ac-
tions as the Secretary of Defense determines are necessary to ensure that the individual cannot engage or reengage in any terrorist activity; and 
(F) has agreed to share with the United 
States any information that— 
(i) is related to the individual or any asso-
ciates of the individual; and 
(ii) could affect the security of the United 
States, its citizens, or its allies; 
(2) the United States Government and the 
government of the foreign country have en-tered into a written memorandum of under-standing (MOU) regarding the transfer of the individual and such memorandum of under-standing has previously been transmitted to the appropriate committees of Congress; and 
(3) includes an assessment, in classified or 
unclassified form, of the capacity, willing-ness, and past practices (if applicable) of the foreign country or entity in relation to the Secretary’s certifications. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION IN CASES OF PRIOR CON-
FIRMED RECIDIVISM .— 
(1) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2) and subsection (d), the Sec-retary of Defense may not use any amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise available to the Department of Defense to transfer any individual detained at Guanta-namo to the custody or control of the indi-vidual’s country of origin, any other foreign country, or any other foreign entity if there is a confirmed case of any individual who was detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, at any time after September 11, 2001, who was transferred to such foreign country or entity and subse-quently engaged in any terrorist activity. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Subject to subsection (e), 
paragraph (1) shall not apply to any action taken by the Secretary to transfer any indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo to effectuate an order affecting the disposition of the indi-vidual that is issued by a court or competent tribunal of the United States having lawful jurisdiction (which the Secretary shall no-tify the appropriate committees of Congress of promptly after issuance). 
(d) N
ATIONAL SECURITY WAIVER .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (e), 
the Secretary of Defense may waive the ap-plicability to a detainee transfer of a certifi-cation requirement specified in subpara-graph (D) or (E) of subsection (b)(1), or the 
prohibition in subsection (c), if the Sec-retary certifies the rest of the criteria re-quired by subsection (b) for transfers prohib-ited by subsection (c) and, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State and in con-sultation with the Director of National In-telligence, determines that— 
(A) alternative actions will be taken to ad-
dress the underlying purpose of the require-ment or requirements to be waived; 
(B) in the case of a waiver of subparagraph 
(D) or (E) of subsection (b)(1), it is not pos-sible to certify that the risks addressed in the paragraph to be waived have been com-pletely eliminated, but the actions to be taken under subparagraph (A) will substan-tially mitigate such risks with regard to the individual to be transferred; 
(C) in the case of a waiver of subsection (c), 
the Secretary has considered any confirmed case in which an individual who was trans-ferred to the country subsequently engaged in terrorist activity, and the actions to be taken under subparagraph (A) will substan-tially mitigate the risk of recidivism with regard to the individual to be transferred; and 
(D) the transfer is in the national security 
interests of the United States. 
(2) R
EPORTS .—Whenever the Secretary 
makes a determination under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress, not later than 30 days before the transfer of the indi-vidual concerned, the following: 
(A) A copy of the determination and the 
waiver concerned. 
(B) A statement of the basis for the deter-
mination, including— 
(i) an explanation why the transfer is in 
the national security interests of the United States; 
(ii) in the case of a waiver of paragraph (D) 
or (E) of subsection (b)(1), an explanation why it is not possible to certify that the risks addressed in the paragraph to be waived have been completely eliminated; and 
(iii) a classified summary of— (I) the individual’s record of cooperation 
while in the custody of or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; and 
(II) the agreements and mechanisms in 
place to provide for continuing cooperation. 
(C) A summary of the alternative actions 
to be taken to address the underlying pur-pose of, and to mitigate the risks addressed in, the paragraph or subsection to be waived. 
(D) The assessment required by subsection 
(b)(2). 
(e) R
ECORD OF COOPERATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In assessing the risk that 
an individual detained at Guantanamo will engage in terrorist activity or other actions that could affect the security of the United States if released for the purpose of making a certification under subsection (b) or a waiver under subsection (d), the Secretary of Defense may give favorable consideration to any such individual— 
(A) who has substantially cooperated with 
United States intelligence and law enforce-ment authorities, pursuant to a pre-trial agreement, while in the custody of or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; and 
(B) for whom agreements and effective 
mechanisms are in place, to the extent rel-evant and necessary, to provide for contin-ued cooperation with United States intel-ligence and law enforcement authorities. 
(2) R
EPORTS .—Each certification under sub-
section (b) or report under subsection (d)(2) that includes an assessment in which favor-able consideration was given an individual as described in paragraph (1) shall also include the following: 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3519 June 2, 2015 
(A) A description of the cooperation for 
which favorable consideration was so given. 
(B) A description of operational outcomes, 
if any, affected by such cooperation. 
(f) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1)(A) The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(i) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and 
(ii) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(B) In connection with a certification made 
under subsection (b), the term also includes the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives, but only with respect to the submittal to such committees of a copy of the written memo-randum of understanding concerned de-scribed in subsection (b)(2). 
(2) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guan-
tanamo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
(A) is not a citizen of the United States or 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(B) is— (i) in the custody or under the control of 
the Department of Defense; or 
(ii) otherwise under detention at United 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(3) The term ‘‘foreign terrorist organiza-
tion’’ means any organization so designated by the Secretary of State under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). 
(4) The term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 301(13) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8541(13)). 
(g) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED REQUIREMENTS  
AND LIMITATIONS .—Section 1035 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 851; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 1034. AUTHORITY TO TEMPORARILY TRANS-
FER INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE 
UNITED STATES FOR EMERGENCY OR CRITICAL MEDICAL TREATMENT. 
(a) T RANSFER FOR EMERGENCY OR CRITICAL  
MEDICAL TREATMENT AUTHORIZED .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of this subtitle, or any other provision of law enacted after September 30, 2013, but subject to subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense may tempo-rarily transfer any individual detained at Guantanamo to a Department of Defense medical facility in the United States for the sole purpose of providing the individual med-ical treatment if the Secretary determines that— 
(1) the Senior Medical Officer, Joint Task 
Force–Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, has deter-mined that the medical treatment is nec-essary to prevent death or imminent signifi-cant injury or harm to the health of the indi-vidual; 
(2) based on the recommendation of the 
Senior Medical Officer, Joint Task Force– Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, the medical treat-ment is not available to be provided at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, without incurring excessive and unreasonable costs; 
(3) the Department of Defense has provided 
for appropriate security measures for the custody and control of the individual during any period in which the individual is tempo-rarily in the United States under this sub-section; and (4) except in cases involving the especially 
immediate need for the provision of medical treatment to prevent death or imminent sig-nificant injury or harm to the health of the individual, the estimated aggregate cost of 
providing the individual medical treatment in a Department of Defense medical facility in the United States (including the cost of transferring and securing the individual in such facility during any period in which the individual is temporarily in the United States for treatment and the cost of treat-ment) would be less than the estimated cost of providing the individual such medical treatment at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. 
(b) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS REQUIRED BEFORE  
TRANSFER .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In addition to the require-
ments in subsection (a), an individual may not be temporarily transferred under the au-thority in that subsection unless the Sec-retary of Defense submits to the appropriate committees of Congress the notice described in paragraph (2)— 
(A) not later than 30 days before the date 
of the proposed transfer; or 
(B) if notice cannot be provided in accord-
ance with subparagraph (A) because of an es-pecially immediate need for the provision of medical treatment to prevent death or immi-nent significant injury or harm to the health of the individual, as soon as is practicable, but not later than 5 days after the date of transfer. 
(2) N
OTICE ELEMENTS .—The notice on the 
transfer of an individual under this sub-section shall include the following: 
(A) A statement of the basis for the deter-
mination that the transfer is necessary to prevent death or imminent significant injury or harm to the health of the individual. 
(B) The specific Department of Defense 
medical facility that will provide medical treatment to the individual. 
(C) A description of the actions the Sec-
retary determines have been taken, or will be taken, to address any risk to the public safety that could arise in connection with the provision of medical treatment to the in-dividual in the United States. 
(c) L
IMITATION ON EXERCISE OF AUTHOR -
ITY.—The authority of the Secretary of De-
fense under subsection (a) may be exercised only by the Secretary of Defense or by an-other official of the Department of Defense at the level of Under Secretary of Defense or higher. 
(d) C
ONDITIONS OF TRANSFER .—An indi-
vidual who is temporarily transferred under the authority in subsection (a) shall— 
(1) while in the United States, remain in 
the custody and control of the Secretary of Defense at all times; and 
(2) be returned to United States Naval Sta-
tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as soon as fea-sible after a Department of Defense physi-cian determines that— 
(A) the individual is medically cleared to 
travel; and 
(B) in consultation with the Commander, 
Joint Task Force–Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, any necessary follow-up medical care may reasonably be provided the individual at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(e) S
TATUS WHILE IN UNITED STATES .—An 
individual who is temporarily transferred under the authority in subsection (a), while in the United States— 
(1) shall be deemed at all times and in all 
respects to be in the uninterrupted custody of the Secretary of Defense, as though the individual remained physically at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; 
(2) shall not at any time be subject to, and 
may not apply for or obtain, or be deemed to enjoy, any right, privilege, status, benefit, or 
eligibility for any benefit under any provi-sion of the immigration laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17)), or any other law or regulation; 
(3) shall not be permitted to avail himself 
of any right, privilege, or benefit of any law of the United States beyond those available to individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; and 
(4) shall not, as a result of such transfer, 
have a change in any designation that may have attached to that detainee while de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, pursuant to the Au-thorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40), as determined in accordance with applicable law and regulations.. 
(f) J
UDICIAL REVIEW PRECLUDED .— 
(1) N O CREATION OF ENFORCEABLE RIGHTS .— 
Nothing in this section is intended to create any enforceable right or benefit, or any claim or cause of action, by any party against the United States, or any other per-son or entity. 
(2) L
IMITATION ON JUDICIAL REVIEW .—Except 
as provided in paragraph (3), no court, jus-tice, or judge shall have jurisdiction to hear or consider any claim or action against the United States or its agents relating to any aspect of the detention, transfer, treatment, or conditions of confinement of an individual transferred under this section. 
(3) H
ABEAS CORPUS .— 
(A) J URISDICTION .—The United States Dis-
trict Court for the District of Columbia shall have exclusive jurisdiction to consider an ap-plication for writ of habeas corpus chal-lenging the fact or duration of detention and seeking release from custody filed by or on behalf of an individual who is in the United States pursuant to a temporary transfer under subsection (a). Such jurisdiction shall be limited to that required by the Constitu-tion with respect to the fact or duration of detention. 
(B) S
COPE OF AUTHORITY .—A court order in 
a proceeding covered by paragraph (3) may not— 
(i) review, halt, or stay the return of the 
individual who is the object of the applica-tion to United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, including pursuant to sub-section (d); or 
(ii) order the release of the individual 
within the United States. 
(g) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall notify the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives of any temporary transfer of an individual under the authority in subsection (a) not later than 5 days after the transfer of the individual under that authority. 
(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of 
Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(2) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guan-
tanamo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
(A) is not a citizen of the United States or 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(B) is— (i) in the custody or under the control of 
the Department of Defense; or 
(ii) otherwise under detention at United 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3520 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 1035. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE TO YEMEN OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, no amounts authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise available for the Department of Defense may be used, dur-ing the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on Decem-ber 31, 2016, to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release of any individual de-tained in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the Republic of Yemen or any entity within Yemen. 
SEC. 1036. REPORT ON CURRENT DETAINEES AT 
UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, DETER-MINED OR ASSESSED TO BE HIGH RISK OR MEDIUM RISK. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to 
the appropriate committees and members of Congress a report, in unclassified form, set-ting forth a list of the individuals detained at Guantanamo as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act who have been determined or assessed by Joint Task Force Guanta-namo, at any time before the date of the re-port, to be a high-risk or medium-risk threat to the United States, its interests, or its al-lies. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-
section (a) shall set forth, for each individual covered by the report, the following: 
(1) The name and country of origin. (2) The date on which first designated or 
assessed as a high-risk or medium-risk threat to the United States, its interests, or its allies. 
(3) Whether, as of the date of the report, 
currently designated or assessed as a high- risk or medium-risk threat to the United States, its interests, or its allies. 
(4) If the designation or assessment 
changed between the date specified pursuant to paragraph (2) and the date of the report, the year and month in which the designation or assessment changed and the designation or assessment to which changed. 
(5) To the extent practicable, without jeop-
ardizing intelligence sources and methods— 
(A) prior actions in support of terrorism, 
hostile actions against the United States or its allies, gross violations of human rights, and other violations of international law; and 
(B) any affiliations with al Qaeda, al Qaeda 
affiliates, or other terrorist groups. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees and 
members of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; 
(B) the Majority Leader and the Minority 
Leader of the Senate; 
(C) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and 
(D) the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives and the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives. 
(2) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guan-
tanamo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
(A) is not a citizen of the United States or 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(B) is— (i) in the custody or under the control of 
the Department of Defense; or (ii) otherwise under detention at United 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
SEC. 1037. REPORT TO CONGRESS ON MEMO-
RANDA OF UNDERSTANDING WITH FOREIGN COUNTRIES REGARDING TRANSFER OF DETAINEES AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall transmit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port setting forth the written memorandum of understanding between the United States Government and the government of the for-eign country concerned regarding each indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo who was transferred to a foreign country during the 18-month period ending on the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
(2) S
TATEMENT ON LACK OF MOU .—If an indi-
vidual detained at Guantanamo was trans-ferred to a foreign country during the period described in paragraph (1) and no memo-randum of understanding exists between the United States Government and the govern-ment of the foreign country regarding such individual, the report under paragraph (1) shall include an unclassified statement of that fact. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of 
Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(2) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guan-
tanamo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
(A) is not a citizen of the United States or 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(B) is— (i) in the custody or under the control of 
the Department of Defense; or 
(ii) otherwise under detention at United 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
SEC. 1038. SEMIANNUAL REPORTS ON USE OF 
UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, AND ANY OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OR BUREAU OF PRISONS PRISON OR OTHER DETENTION OR DISCIPLI-NARY FACILITY IN RECRUITMENT AND OTHER PROPAGANDA OF TER-RORIST ORGANIZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than six months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every six months thereafter, the Sec-retary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, submit to Congress a report on the use by terrorist organizations and their leaders of images and symbols relating to United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and any other Department of Defense or Bureau of Prisons prison or other detention or discipli-
nary facility for recruitment and other prop-aganda purposes during the six-month period ending on the date of such report. Each re-port shall include the following: 
(1) A description and assessment of the ef-
fectiveness of the use of such images and symbols for recruitment and other propa-ganda purposes. 
(2) A description and assessment of the ef-
forts of the United States Government to counter the use of such images and symbols for such purposes and to disseminate accu-
rate information about such facilities. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL MATERIAL IN FIRST RE-
PORT .—The first report under subsection (a) 
shall include a description of the use by ter-rorist organizations and their leaders of im-ages and symbols relating to United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and any other Department of Defense or Bureau of Prisons prison or other detention or dis-ciplinary facility for recruitment and other propaganda purposes before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1039. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
AUTHORITY TO MAKE REWARDS FOR COMBATING TERRORISM. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY TOMAKERE-
WARDS THROUGH GOVERNMENT PERSONNEL OF  
ALLIED FORCES .—Subsection (c)(3)(C) of sec-
tion 127b of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Subsection (f)(2) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) by striking subparagraph (D); (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), 
and (G), as subparagraphs (D), (E), and (F), respectively; and 
(3) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including in which countries the program is being oper-ated’’. 
(c) R
EPORT ON DESIGNATION OF COUNTRIES  
FOR WHICH REWARDS MAYBEPAID.—Such 
section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(h) R
EPORT ON DESIGNATION OF COUNTRIES  
FOR WHICH REWARDS MAYBEPAID.—Not 
later than 15 days after the date on which the Secretary designates a country as a country in which an operation or activity of the armed forces is occurring in connection with which rewards may be paid under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the designation. Each report shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) The country so designated. ‘‘(2) The reason for the designation of the 
country. 
‘‘(3) A justification for the designation of 
the country for purposes of this section.’’. 
(d) C
HANGE OF SECTION HEADING TO RE-
FLECT NAME OF PROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The heading of such sec-
tion is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 127b. Department of Defense Rewards Pro-
gram’’. 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 3 of such title is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 127b and inserting the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘127b. Department of Defense Rewards Pro-
gram.’’. 
Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and 
Limitations 
SEC. 1041. ASSISTANCE TO SECURE THE SOUTH-
ERN LAND BORDER OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide assistance to United States Customs and Border Protection for purposes of increasing ongoing efforts to secure the southern land border of the United States. 
(b) C
ONCURRENCE IN ASSISTANCE .—Assist-
ance under subsection (a) shall be provided with the concurrence of the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
(c) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .—The 
assistance provided under subsection (a) may include the following: 
(1) Deployment of members and units of 
the regular and reserve components of the 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3521 June 2, 2015 
Armed Forces to the southern land border of 
the United States. 
(2) Deployment of manned aircraft, un-
manned aerial surveillance systems, and ground-based surveillance systems to sup-port continuous surveillance of the southern land border of the United States. 
(3) Intelligence analysis support. 
(d) M
ATERIEL AND LOGISTICAL SUPPORT .— 
The Secretary of Defense is authorized to de-ploy such materiel and equipment and logis-tics support as is necessary to ensure the ef-fectiveness of assistance provided under sub-section (a). 
(e) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized 
to be appropriated for the Department of De-fense by this Act, the Secretary of Defense may use up to $75,000,000 to provide assist-ance under this section. 
(f) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on any provision of assistance under subsection (a) during the 90-day period ending on the date of such re-port. Each report shall include, for the pe-riod covered by such report, the following: 
(1) A description of the assistance pro-
vided. 
(2) A description of the sources and 
amounts of funds used to provide such assist-ance. 
(3) A description of the amounts obligated 
to provide such assistance. 
SEC. 1042. PROTECTION OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) S ECRETARY OF DEFENSE AUTHORITY .— 
Chapter 159 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2671 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2672. Protection of buildings, grounds, 
property, and persons 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall protect the buildings, grounds, and property that are under the jurisdiction, custody, or control of the Department of De-fense and the persons on that property. 
‘‘(b) O
FFICERS AND AGENTS .—(1)(A) The 
Secretary of Defense may designate military or civilian personnel of the Department of Defense as officers and agents to perform the functions of the Secretary under subsection (a), including, with regard to civilian officers and agents, duty in areas outside the prop-erty specified in that subsection to the ex-tent necessary to protect that property and persons on that property. 
‘‘(B) A designation under subparagraph (A) 
may be made by individual, by position, by installation, or by such other category of personnel as the Secretary determines appro-priate. 
‘‘(C) In making a designation under sub-
paragraph (A) with respect to any category of personnel, the Secretary shall specify each of the following: 
‘‘(i) The personnel or positions to be in-
cluded in the category. 
‘‘(ii) Which authorities provided for in 
paragraph (2) may be exercised by personnel in that category. 
‘‘(iii) In the case of civilian personnel in 
that category— 
‘‘(I) which authorities provided for in para-
graph (2), if any, are authorized to be exer-cised outside the property specified in sub-section (a); and 
‘‘(II) with respect to the exercise of any 
such authorities outside the property speci-fied in subsection (a), the circumstances under which coordination with law enforce-ment officials outside of the Department of Defense should be sought in advance. 
‘‘(D) The Secretary may make a designa-
tion under subparagraph (A) only if the Sec-retary determines, with respect to the cat-egory of personnel to be covered by that des-
ignation, that— 
‘‘(i) the exercise of each specific authority 
provided for in paragraph (2) to be delegated to that category of personnel is necessary for the performance of the duties of the per-sonnel in that category and such duties can-not be performed as effectively without such authorities; and 
‘‘(ii) the necessary and proper training for 
the authorities to be exercised is available to the personnel in that category. 
‘‘(2) Subject to subsection (h) and to the 
extent specifically authorized by the Sec-retary, while engaged in the performance of official duties pursuant to this section, an 
officer or agent designated under this sub-section may— 
‘‘(A) enforce Federal laws and regulations 
for the protection of persons and property; 
‘‘(B) carry firearms; ‘‘(C) make arrests— ‘‘(i) without a warrant for any offense 
against the United States committed in the presence of the officer or agent; or 
‘‘(ii) for any felony cognizable under the 
laws of the United States if the officer or agent has reasonable grounds to believe that the person to be arrested has committed or is committing a felony; 
‘‘(D) serve warrants and subpoenas issued 
under the authority of the United States; and 
‘‘(E) conduct investigations, on and off the 
property in question, of offenses that may have been committed against property under the jurisdiction, custody, or control of the Department of Defense or persons on such property. 
‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—(1) The Secretary of 
Defense may prescribe regulations, including traffic regulations, necessary for the protec-tion and administration of property under the jurisdiction, custody, or control of the Department of Defense and persons on that property. The regulations may include rea-sonable penalties, within the limits pre-scribed in paragraph (2), for violations of the regulations. The regulations shall be posted and remain posted in a conspicuous place on the property to which they apply. 
‘‘(2) A person violating a regulation pre-
scribed under this subsection shall be fined under title 18, imprisoned for not more than 30 days, or both. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION OF AUTHOR -
ITY.—The authority of the Secretary of De-
fense under subsections (b) and (c) may be exercised only by the Secretary or the Dep-uty Secretary of Defense. 
‘‘(e) D
ISPOSITION OF PERSONS ARRESTED .—A 
person who is arrested pursuant to authority exercised under subsection (b) may not be held in a military confinement facility, other than in the case of a person who is sub-ject to chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
‘‘(f) F
ACILITIES AND SERVICES OF OTHER  
AGENCIES .—In implementing this section, 
when the Secretary of Defense determines it to be economical and in the public interest, the Secretary may utilize the facilities and services of Federal, State, Indian tribal, and local law enforcement agencies, with the consent of those agencies, and may reim-burse those agencies for the use of their fa-cilities and services. Such services of State, Indian tribal, and local law enforcement, in-cluding application of their powers of law en-forcement, may be provided notwithstanding that the property is subject to the legislative jurisdiction of the United States. 
‘‘(g) A
UTHORITY OUTSIDE FEDERAL PROP-
ERTY .—For the protection of property under 
the jurisdiction, custody, or control of the Department of Defense and persons on that property, the Secretary of Defense may enter into agreements with Federal agencies and with State, Indian tribal, and local govern-
ments to obtain authority for civilian offi-cers and agents designated under this section to enforce Federal laws and State, Indian tribal, and local laws concurrently with other Federal law enforcement officers and with State, Indian tribal, and local law en-forcement officers. 
‘‘(h) A
TTORNEY GENERAL APPROVAL .—The 
powers granted pursuant to subsection (b)(2) 
to officers and agents designated under sub-section (b)(1) shall be exercised in accord-ance with guidelines approved by the Attor-ney General. Such guidelines may include specification of the geographical extent of property outside of the property specified in subsection (a) within which those powers may be exercised. 
‘‘(i) L
IMITATION WITHREGARD TO OTHER  
FEDERAL AGENCIES .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed as affecting the authority of the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide for the protection of facilities (in-cluding the buildings, grounds, and prop-erties of the General Services Administra-tion) that are under the jurisdiction, cus-tody, or control, in whole or in part, of a Federal agency other than the Department of Defense and that are located off of a mili-tary installation. 
‘‘(j) C
OOPERATION WITH LOCAL LAWEN-
FORCEMENT AGENCIES .—Before authorizing 
civilian officers and agents to perform duty in areas outside the property specified in subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall consult with, and is encouraged to enter into agreements with, local law enforcement agencies exercising jurisdiction over such areas for the purposes of avoiding conflicts of jurisdiction, promoting notification of planned law enforcement actions, and other-wise facilitating productive working rela-tionships. 
‘‘(k) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.—Nothing in this section shall be con-
strued— 
‘‘(1) to preclude or limit the authority of 
any Federal law enforcement agency; 
‘‘(2) to restrict the authority of the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security under the Homeland Security Act of 2002 or of the Ad-ministrator of General Services, including the authority to promulgate regulations af-fecting property under the custody and con-trol of that Secretary or the Administrator, respectively; 
‘‘(3) to expand or limit section 21 of the In-
ternal Security Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 797); 
‘‘(4) to affect chapter 47 of this title; ‘‘(5) to restrict any other authority of the 
Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of a military department; or 
‘‘(6) to restrict the authority of the Direc-
tor of the National Security Agency under section 11 of the National Security Agency Act of 1959 (50 U.S.C. 3609).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 159 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2671 the following new item: 
‘‘2672. Protection of buildings, grounds, prop-
erty, and persons.’’. 
SEC. 1043. STRATEGY TO PROTECT UNITED 
STATES NATIONAL SECURITY INTER-ESTS IN THE ARCTIC REGION. 
(a) R EPORT ON STRATEGY REQUIRED .—Not 
later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report that sets forth an updated military strategy for the protection of United States national security interests in the Arctic region. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A description of United States military 
interests in the Arctic region. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3522 June 2, 2015 
(2) A description of operational plans and 
associated military requirements for the protection of United States national security interests in the Arctic region, including United States citizens, territory, freedom of navigation, and economic and trade inter-ests. 
(3) An identification of any operational 
seams and a plan to enhance unity of effort among the combatant commands with re-sponsibility for the Arctic region. 
(4) A description of the security environ-
ment in the Arctic region, including the ac-tivities of foreign nations operating within the Arctic region. 
(5) A description of United States military 
capabilities required to implement the strat-egy required by subsection (a). 
(6) An identification of any capability gaps 
and resource gaps, including in installations, infrastructure, and personnel in the Arctic region, that would impact the implementa-tion of the strategy required by subsection (a) or the execution of any associated oper-ational plan, and a mitigation plan to ad-dress such gaps. 
(7) A plan to enhance military-to-military 
cooperation with partner nations that have mutual security interests in the Arctic re-gion. 
(c) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1044. EXTENSION OF LIMITATIONS ON THE 
TRANSFER TO THE REGULAR ARMY OF AH–64 APACHE HELICOPTERS AS-SIGNED TO THE ARMY NATIONAL GUARD. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1712 of the Carl 
Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2016’’. 
(b) R
EADINESS OF AIRCRAFT AND PER-
SONNEL .—Subsection (c) of such section is 
amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2015 and 2016’’. 
SEC. 1045. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PREVIOUSLY 
TRANSFERRED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD HELICOPTERS AS COUNTING AGAINST NUMBER TRANSFERRABLE UNDER EXCEPTION TO LIMITATION ON TRANSFER OF ARMY NATIONAL GUARD HELICOPTERS. 
(a) N OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the number of AH–64D Apache helicopters that have been trans-ferred from the Army National Guard to the original equipment manufacturer for the purpose of remanufacture to the AH–64E Apache helicopter variant. 
(b) T
REATMENT AS COUNTING AGAINST NUM-
BERTRANSFERRABLE .—The Secretary of the 
Army shall treat the number of helicopters specified in the report under subsection (a) as counting against the total number of AH– 64 Apache helicopters that may be trans-ferred from the Army National Guard to the regular Army pursuant to subsection (e) of section 1712 of the Carl Levin and Howard B. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3668). 
(c) C
ONSTRUCTION WITHREQUIRED CERTIFI -
CATION .—Nothing in this subsection may be 
construed to alter or terminate the require-ment for a certification by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (f) of section 1712 of the Carl Levin and Howard B. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 as a precondition for any action under subsection (e) of such section. SEC. 1046. MANAGEMENT OF MILITARY TECHNI-
CIANS. 
(a) C ONVERSION OF CERTAIN MILITARY TECH-
NICIAN (DUAL STATUS ) POSITIONS TO CIVILIAN  
POSITIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall convert not fewer than 20 percent of the positions described in paragraph (2) as of January 1, 2017, from military technician (dual status) positions to positions filled by individuals who are employed under section 3101 of title 5, United States Code, and are not military technicians. 
(2) C
OVERED POSITIONS .—The positions de-
scribed in this paragraph are military tech-nician (dual status) positions as follows: 
(A) Military technician (dual status) posi-
tions identified as general administration, clerical, and office service occupations in the report of the Secretary of Defense under sec-tion 519 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1397). 
(B) Such other military technician (dual 
status) positions as the Secretary shall specify for purposes of this subsection. 
(b) P
HASED -INTERMINATION OF ARMY RE-
SERVE , AIRFORCE RESERVE , AND NATIONAL  
GUARD NON-DUAL STATUS TECHNICIANS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 10217 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) P
HASED -INTERMINATION OF POSI-
TIONS .—(1) No individual may be newly hired 
or employed, or rehired or reemployed, as a non-dual status technician for the purposes of this section after December 31, 2016. 
‘‘(2) Commencing January 1, 2017, the max-
imum number of non-dual status technicians employable by the Army Reserve and by the Air Force Reserve shall be reduced from the number otherwise provided by subsection (c)(1) by one for each individual who retires, is separated from, or otherwise ceases serv-ice as a non-dual status technician of the Army Reserve or the Air Force Reserve, as the case may be, after such date until the maximum number of non-dual status techni-cians employable by the Army Reserve or the Air Force Reserve, as the case may be, is zero. 
‘‘(3) Commencing January 1, 2017, the max-
imum number of non-dual status technicians employable by the National Guard shall be reduced from the number otherwise provided by subsection (c)(2) by one for each indi-vidual who retires, is separated from, or oth-erwise ceases service as a non-dual status technician of the National Guard after such date until the maximum number of non-dual status technicians employable by the Na-tional Guard is zero. 
‘‘(4) Any individual newly hired or em-
ployed, or rehired or employed, to a position required to be filled by reason of the amend-ment made by paragraph (1) shall be an indi-vidual employed in such position under sec-tion 3101 of title 5, and may not be a military technician. 
‘‘(5) Nothing in this subsection shall be 
construed to terminate the status as a non- dual status technician under this section after December 31, 2016, of any individual who is a non-dual status technician for the purposes of this section on that date.’’. 
(2) R
EPORT ON PHASED -IN TERMINATIONS .— 
Not later than February 1, 2016, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth a plan for implementing the amendment made by paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1047. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CONSIDER-
ATION OF THE FULL RANGE OF DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE MANPOWER WORLDWIDE IN DECISIONS ON THE PROPER MIX OF MILITARY, CIVIL-IAN, AND CONTRACTOR PERSONNEL TO ACCOMPLISH THE NATIONAL DE-FENSE STRATEGY. 
It is the sense of Congress that, as the De-
partment of Defense makes decisions on military end strength requests, proper sizing 
of the civilian workforce, and the proper mix of these sources of manpower with con-tractor personnel to accomplish the National Defense Strategy, the Secretary of Defense should consider the full range of manpower available to the Secretary in all locations worldwide in order to arrive at the proper mix and size of manpower to accomplish that Strategy without arbitrarily protecting or exempting any particular group or location of manpower. 
SEC. 1048. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE UNITED 
STATES MARINE CORPS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) As senior United States statesmen Dr. 
Henry Kissinger wrote in testimony sub-mitted to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate on January 29, 2015, ‘‘[t]he United States has not faced a more diverse and complex array of crises since the end of the Second World War.’’. 
(2) The rise of committed, non-state forces 
and near peer competitors has introduced de-stabilizing pressures around the globe. 
(3) Advances in information and weapons 
technology have reduced the time available for the United States to prepare for a re-spond to crises against either known or un-known threats. 
(4) The importance of the maritime domain 
cannot be overstated. As acknowledged in the March 2015 Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard maritime strategy entitled ‘‘A 
Cooperative Strategy for 21st Century Seapower: Forward, Engaged, Ready’’, ‘‘[o]ceans are the lifeblood of the inter-connected global community. . .90 percent of trade by volume across the oceans. Approxi-mately 70 percent of the world’s population lives within 100 miles of the coastline’’. 
(5) In this global security environment, it 
is critical that the United States possess a maritime forces whose mission and ethos is readiness, a fight tonight force, forward de-ployed, that can respond immediately to emergent crises across the full range of mili-tary operations around the globe either from the sea or home station. 
(6) The need for such forces was recognized 
by the 82nd Congress during the Korean War, when it mandated a core mission for the Na-tion’s leanest force, the Marine Corps, to be most ready when the nation is least ready. 
(7) In recognition of this continued need 
and the wisdom of the 82nd Congress, the Senate reaffirms section 5063 of title 10, United States Code, uniquely charging the United States Marine Corps with this respon-sibility. 
(b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the Marine Corps, within the Depart-
ment of the Navy, should remain the Na-tion’s expeditionary, crisis response force; and 
(2) as provided in section 5063 of title 10, 
United States Code, the Marine Corps should— 
(A) be organized to include no less than 
three combat divisions and three air wings, and such other land combat, aviation, and other services as may be organic to it; 
(B) be organized, trained, and equipped to 
provide fleet marine forces of combined arms, together with supporting air compo-nents, for service with the fleet in the sei-zure or defense of advanced naval bases and for the conduct of such land operations as may be essential to the prosecution of a naval campaign; and 
(C) provide detachments and organizations 
for service on armed vessels of the Navy, pro-vide security detachments for the protection of naval property at naval stations and bases, and perform such other duties as the President may direct; 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3523 June 2, 2015 
(D) develop, in coordination with the Army 
and the Air Force, those phases of amphib-ious operations that pertain to the tactics, techniques, and equipment used by landing forces; and 
(E) be responsible, in accordance with the 
integrated joint mobilization plans, for the expansion of peacetime components of the Marine Corps to meet the needs of war. 
Subtitle F—Studies and Reports 
SEC. 1061. REPEAL OF REPORTING REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
(a) R EPORTS UNDER TITLE 10, U NITED  
STATES CODE.— 
(1) A NNUAL REPORT ON GIFTS MADE FOR THE  
BENEFIT OF MILITARY MUSICAL UNITS .—Sec-
tion 974(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (3). 
(2) B
IENNIAL REPORT ON SPACE SCIENCE AND  
TECHNOLOGY STRATEGY .—Section 2272(a) of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (5). 
(3) A
NNUAL REPORT ON PRIZES FOR AD -
VANCED TECHNOLOGY ACHIEVEMENTS .—Section 
2374a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (e); and (B) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (e). 
(b) R
EPORTS UNDER PUBLIC LAW113–66.— 
(1) R EPORTS ON USE OF TEMPORARY AUTHORI -
TIES FOR CERTAIN POSITIONS AT DOD RESEARCH  
AND ENGINEERING FACILITIES .—Section 1107 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (g); and (B) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-
section (g). 
(2) A
NNUAL REPORT ON ADVANCING SMALL  
BUSINESS GROWTH .—Section 1611 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (127 Stat. 946) is amended by strik-ing subsection (d). 
(c) R
EPORTS UNDER PUBLIC LAW112–239.— 
(1) A NNUAL REPORTS ON QUALITY ASSURANCE  
PROGRAMS FOR MEDICAL EVALUATION BOARDS  
AND PHYSICIAN EVALUATION BOARDS AND RE -
LATED PERSONNEL .—Section 524 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1723; 10 U.S.C. 1222 note) is amended by striking subsection (c). 
(2) A
NNUAL IMPACT STATEMENT ON NUMBER  
OF MEMBERS IN INTEGRATED DISABILITY EVAL -
UATION SYSTEM ON READINESS REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 528 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (126 Stat. 1725) is repealed. 
(3) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON NOTICE ON UN -
FUNDED PRIORITIES .—Section 1003 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (126 Stat. 1903) is repealed. 
(d) A
NNUAL UPDATES ON IMPLEMENTATION  
PLAN FOR WHOLE -OF-GOVERNMENT VISION  
PRESCRIBED IN THE NATIONAL SECURITY  
STRATEGY .—Section 1072 of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1592; 50 U.S.C. 3043 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (b); and (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (b). 
(e) R
EPORTS UNDER PUBLIC LAW111–383.— 
(1) R EPORTS ON DEFENSE RESEARCH AND DE -
VELOPMENT RAPID INNOVATION PROGRAM .— 
Section 1073 of the Ike Skelton National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4366; 10 U.S.C. 2359 note) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (f); and (B) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (f). 
(2) R
EPORT ON TASK FORCE FOR BUSINESS  
AND STABILITY OPERATIONS IN AFGHANISTAN .— 
Section 1535(a) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (124 Stat. 4426) is amended by striking 
paragraph (6). 
(f) A
NNUAL REPORT ON THE ELECTRONIC  
WARFARE STRATEGY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF  
DEFENSE .—Section 1053 of National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Pub-lic Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2458) is repealed. 
(g) R
EPORTS UNDER PUBLIC LAW110–417.— 
(1) M ITIGATION OF POWER OUTAGE RISKS FOR  
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FACILITIES AND AC -
TIVITIES .—Section 335 of the Duncan Hunter 
Nation Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4422; 10 U.S.C. 2911 note) is amended by striking subsection (c). 
(2) U
PDATES OF INCREASES IN NUMBER OF  
UNITS OF JROTC .—Section 548 of the Duncan 
Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (122 Stat. 4466) is amend-ed by striking subsection (e). 
(3) A
NNUAL REPORTS ON CENTER OF EXCEL -
LENCE ON TRAUMATIC EXTREMITY INJURIES AND  
AMPUTATIONS .—Section 723 of the Duncan 
Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (122 Stat. 4508) is amend-ed by striking (d). 
(4) S
EMI-ANNUAL REPORT ON STATUS OF NAVY  
NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORKS PRO -
GRAM .—Section 1034 of the Duncan Hunter 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2009 (122 Stat. 4593) is hereby re-pealed. 
(h) R
EPORTS UNDER PUBLIC LAW110–181.— 
(1) B IENNIAL UPDATE OF STRATEGIC MANAGE -
MENT PLAN .—Section 904(d) of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 275) is amended by striking paragraph (3). 
(2) R
EPORTS ON ACCESS OF RECOVERING  
SERVICEMEMBERS TO ADEQUATE OUTPATIENT  
RESIDENTIAL FACILITIES .—Section 1662 of the 
Wounded Warrior Act (title XVI of Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 479; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(a) R
EQUIRED INSPECTIONS  
OFFACILITIES .—’’; and 
(B) by striking subsection (b). 
(i) R EPORTS UNDER PUBLIC LAW109–364.— 
(1) R OADMAPS AND REPORTS ON HYPERSONICS  
DEVELOPMENT .—Section 218 of the John War-
ner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph 
(4); and 
(B) by striking subsection (f). (2) U
PDATES OF ASSISTANCE TO LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCIES EXPERIENCING GROWTH IN  
ENROLLMENT DUE TO FORCE STRUCTURE  
CHANGE AND OTHER CIRCUMSTANCES .—Section 
574 of the John Warner National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (20 U.S.C. 7703b note) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (c); and (B) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) 
as subsections (c) and (d), respectively. 
(3) A
NNUAL REPORT ON OVERHAUL , REPAIR , 
AND MAINTENANCE OF VESSELS UNDER ACQUISI -
TION POLICY ON OBTAINING CARRIAGE BY VES -
SEL.—Section 1017 of the John Warner Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (120 Stat. 2379) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (e); and (B) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (e). 
(j) R
EPORTS ON ANNUAL REVIEW OF ROLES 
AND MISSIONS OF THE RESERVE COMPO -
NENTS .—Section 513(h) of the Ronald W. 
Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 1882; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (2); and (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2). 
(k) A
NNUAL SUBMITTAL OF INFORMATION RE-
GARDING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY CAPITAL  
ASSETS .—Section 351 of the Bob Stump Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 221 
note) is hereby repealed. 
(l) R EPORTS ON EXPERIMENTAL PERSONNEL  
MANAGEMENT PROGRAM FOR SCIENTIFIC AND  
TECHNICAL PERSONNEL .—Section 1101 of the 
Strom Thurmond National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (5 U.S.C. 3104 note) is amended by striking subsection (g). 
SEC. 1062. TERMINATION OF REQUIREMENT FOR 
SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS OF RE-PORTS REQUIRED OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE BY STATUTE. 
(a) T ERMINATION .—Effective on the date 
that is two years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, each report described in subsection (b) that is still required to be sub-mitted to Congress as of such effective date shall no longer be required to be submitted to Congress. 
(b) C
OVERED REPORTS .—A report described 
in this subsection is a report that is required to be submitted to Congress by the Depart-ment of Defense, or by any officer, official, component, or element of the Department, by a provision of statute (including title 10, United States Code, and any annual national defense authorization Act) as of April 1, 2015. 
SEC. 1063. ANNUAL SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS OF 
MUNITIONS ASSESSMENTS. 
Not later than March 1, 2016, and each year 
thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees each of the following: 
(1) The most current Munitions Assess-
ments, as defined by Department of Defense Instruction Number 3000.04, relating to the Department of Defense munitions process. 
(2) The most current Sufficiency Assess-
ments, as defined by that Department of De-fense Instruction. 
(3) The most current approved memo-
randum of the Joint Requirements Oversight Council resulting from the Munitions Re-quirements Process (MRP). 
SEC. 1064. POTENTIAL ROLE FOR UNITED STATES 
GROUND FORCES IN THE PACIFIC THEATER. 
(a) G ENERAL ASSESSMENT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly conduct a comprehensive oper-ational assessment of a potential future role for United States ground forces in the island chains of the western Pacific in creating anti-access and area denial capabilities in cooperation with host nations in order to deter and defeat aggression in the western Pacific region. 
(2) C
APABILITIES TO BE EXAMINED .—In con-
ducting the assessment, the Secretary and the Chairman shall assess the feasibility and potential effectiveness of the deployment by United States ground forces, jointly with host nations, of the following: 
(A) Anti-ship mines and mobile missiles as 
a means of neutralizing adversary naval forces, including amphibious forces, and in-hibiting their movement, and protecting the shores of host nations and friendly naval forces and supply operations. 
(B) Mobile air defense surveillance and 
missile systems to protect host-nation terri-tory and ground, naval, and air forces, and to deny access to defended airspace by adver-saries. 
(C) Electronic warfare capabilities to sup-
port air and naval operations. 
(D) Hardened ground-based communica-
tions capabilities for host-nation defense and for augmentation and extension of naval, air, and satellite communications. 
(E) Maneuver forces to assist in host-na-
tion defense, deny access to adversaries, and provide security for air and naval deploy-ments. 
(b) G
EOPOLITICAL IMPACT OF ENHANCED  
GROUND FORCE ROLE.—The Secretary and the 
Chairman shall also jointly assess the poten-tial geopolitical impact on the United States 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3524 June 2, 2015 
posture in the Pacific theater of a strategy 
of long-term engagement by United States ground forces with the island nations of the western Pacific to enhance United States strategic relationships with potential part-ners in the region. 
(c) T
YPES OF ANALYSES TOBECON-
DUCTED .—The Secretary and the Chairman 
shall conduct the assessment required by subsection (a) using operations research methods and war gaming, in addition to his-torical analysis of the use of ground forces by the United States and Japan in the Pa-cific theater during World War II. 
(d) R
ESOURCES .—In conducting the assess-
ment required by subsection (a), the Sec-retary and the Chairman shall use the fol-lowing, as appropriate: 
(1) The United States Pacific Command. (2) The Joint Requirements and Analysis 
Division and the war gaming resources of the Warfighting Analysis Division of the Force Structure, Resources, and Assessment Direc-torate of the Joint Staff, augmented as nec-essary and appropriate from the war colleges of the military departments. 
(3) The Office of Net Assessment. (4) Appropriate Federally funded research 
and development centers (FFRDCs). 
(e) C
OMPLETION DATE.—The assessments re-
quired by this section shall be completed not later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act 
(f) B
RIEFING OF CONGRESS .—Upon the com-
pletion of the assessments required by this section, the Secretary and the Chairman shall provide a briefing on the assessments to— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 1081. TECHNICAL AND CLERICAL AMEND-
MENTS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TOTITLE 10, U NITED  
STATES CODE.—Title 10, United States Code, 
is amended as follows: 
(1) The tables of chapters at the beginning 
of subtitle A, and at the beginning of part I of such subtitle, are each amended by strik-ing the item relating to chapter 19 and in-serting the following new item: 
‘‘19. Cyber Matters ............................. 391’’. 
(2) The heading of section 130e is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 130e. Treatment under Freedom of Infor-
mation Act of certain critical infrastruc-ture security information’’. 
(3) The heading of section 153(a)(5) is 
amended to read as follows: ‘‘J
OINT FORCE DE -
VELOPMENT ACTIVITIES .—’’. 
(4) The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 19 is amended by striking the item relating to section 391 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘391. Reporting on cyber incidents with re-
spect to networks and informa-tion systems of operationally critical contractors and certain other contractors.’’. 
(5) The table of sections at the beginning of 
subchapter I of chapter 21 is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 429 the following new item: 
‘‘430. Tactical exploitation of national capa-
bilities executive agent.’’. 
(6) Section 2006a is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘August, 
1’’ and inserting ‘‘August 1’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘the such program or au-
thorities’’ and inserting ‘‘the program’’. (7) Sections 2222(j)(5), 2223(c)(3), and 2315 
are each amended by striking ‘‘section 3552(b)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3552(b)(6)’’. 
(8) Section 2229(d)(1) is amended by strik-
ing ‘‘certification’’ and inserting ‘‘a certifi-cation’’. 
(9) Section 2679, as transferred, redesig-
nated, and amended by section 351 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3346), is amended in subsection (a)(1) by striking ‘‘with’’ before ‘‘, on a sole source’’. 
(10) Section 2684(d)(1) is amended by strik-
ing ‘‘section 101(a) of the National Historic Preservation Act (16 U.S.C. 470a(a))’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 302101 of title 54’’. 
(11) Section 2687a(d)(2) is amended by in-
serting ‘‘fair market’’ before ‘‘value’’. 
(12) Section 2926, as added and amended by 
section 901(g) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (128 Stat. 3464), is amended in subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) by striking ‘‘for Installations, En-ergy,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘for Energy, Installations,’’. 
(13) Section 9314a(b) is amended by striking 
‘‘only so long at’’ and inserting ‘‘only so long as’’. 
(b) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2015.—Effective as of De-
cember 19, 2014, and as if included therein as enacted, the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended as follows: 
(1) Section 351(b)(1) (128 Stat. 3346) is 
amended by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting ‘‘; and’’. 
(2) Section 901(g)(1)(F) (128 Stat. 3465) is 
amended by inserting ‘‘paragraph (4) of’’ be-fore ‘‘subsection (b) of section 2926’’. 
(3) Section 1072(a)(2) (128 Stat. 3516) is 
amended by inserting ‘‘in the table of sec-tions’’ before ‘‘at the beginning of’’. 
(4) Section 1079(a)(1) (128 Stat. 3561) is 
amended by striking ‘‘section 12102 of title 
42, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 3 of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102)’’. 
(5) Section 1104(b)(2) (128 Stat. 3526) is 
amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’. 
(6) Section 1208 (128 Stat. 3551) is amended 
by striking ‘‘of Fiscal Year’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘for Fiscal Year’’. 
(7) Section 2803(a) (128 Stat. 3696) is amend-
ed in paragraph (2) of the subsection (f) being added by the amendment to be made by that section by inserting ‘‘section’’ before ‘‘1105 of title 31’’. 
(8) Section 2832(c)(3) (128 Stat. 3704) is 
amended by striking ‘‘United State Code’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Code’’. 
(9) Section 3006(i) (128 Stat. 3744) is amend-
ed— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Section 
8’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 18’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘S1/2 N1/2 
SE’’ and inserting ‘‘S1/2 N1/2 SE1/4’’. 
(10) Section 3023 (128 Stat. 3762) is amend-
ed— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), 
and (3) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respec-tively; 
(B) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, in 
the matter being added by subparagraph (C)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘has been waived,’’ after 
‘‘expired,’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘the permit or lease re-
quired’’ and inserting ‘‘the allotment man-agement plan, permit, or lease required’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, in 
the matter being added as subsection (h)(1)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘a grazing permit or lease’’ 
in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) of such subsection and inserting ‘‘an allotment 
management plan or grazing permit or lease’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A) of such subsection, 
by striking ‘‘permit or lease’’ and inserting ‘‘allotment management plan, permit, or lease’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (B)(i) of such sub-
section, by striking ‘‘lease or permit’’ and inserting ‘‘allotment management plan, per-mit, or lease’’; and 
(D) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so 
redesignated, the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘by the 
Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to lands within National Forests in the sixteen contiguous Western States’ and inserting ‘on National Forest System land by the Sec-retary of Agriculture (notwithstanding, for purposes of this section, the definition in section 103(p))’;’’. 
(11) Section 3024 (16 U.S.C. 6214; 128 Stat. 
3764) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (e), by inserting before 
the period at the end the following: ‘‘report using National Median Price values’’; and 
(B) in subsection (f)(3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘by 
regulation establish criteria pursuant to which the annual fee determined in accord-ance with this section may be suspended or reduced temporarily’’ and inserting ‘‘provide for suspension or reduction temporarily of the annual fee determined in accordance with this section’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘by 
regulation’’. 
(c) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2014.—Section 1709(b) of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 962; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘R
ETALIATION AND PER-
SONNEL ACTION DESCRIBED .—’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘For purposes of the’’ and inserting ‘‘R
ETALIATION DESCRIBED .—For 
purposes of the’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘at a minimum—’’ and that 
follows through ‘‘ostracism’’ and inserting ‘‘at a minimum ostracism’’; and 
(3) by striking paragraph (2). 
(d) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2009.—Section 943(d)(1) of 
the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4578) by striking the second period at the end of the first sen-tence. 
(e) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR 2005.—Section 1208(f)(2) of 
the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 2086), as amended by section 1202(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 363) and section 1202(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat 2512), is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating the paragraphs (1) 
through (8) added by section 1202(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat 2512) as subparagraphs (A) through (H), re-spectively; and 
(2) by moving the margins of such subpara-
graphs, as so redesignated, two ems to the right. 
(f) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER AMENDMENTS  
MADE BY THISACT.—For purposes of apply-
ing amendments made by provisions of this Act other than this section, the amendments made by this section shall be treated as hav-ing been enacted immediately before any such amendments by other provisions of this Act. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3525 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 1082. AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE TRAINING 
AND SUPPORT TO PERSONNEL OF FOREIGN MINISTRIES OF DEFENSE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Section 1081 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (10 U.S.C. 168 note), as amended by section 1047 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (b) 
through (e) as subsections (c) through (f), re-spectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing new subsection (b): 
‘‘(b) T
RAINING OF PERSONNEL OF FOREIGN  
MINISTRIES WITHSECURITY MISSIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, carry out a program to provide training and associated training support services to personnel of foreign ministries of defense (or ministries with security force oversight) or regional organizations with se-curity missions— 
‘‘(A) for the purpose of— ‘‘(i) enhancing civilian oversight of foreign 
security forces; 
‘‘(ii) establishing responsible defense gov-
ernance and internal controls in order to help build effective, transparent, and ac-countable defense institutions; 
‘‘(iii) assessing organizational weaknesses 
and establishing a roadmap for addressing shortfalls; and 
‘‘(iv) enhancing ministerial, general or 
joint staff, or service level core management competencies; and 
‘‘(B) for such other purposes as the Sec-
retary considers appropriate, consistent with the authority in subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Each fiscal year 
quarter, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report on activities under the pro-gram under paragraph (1) during the pre-ceding fiscal year quarter. Each report shall include, for the fiscal year quarter covered by such report, the following: 
‘‘(A) A list of activities under the program. ‘‘(B) A list of any organization described in 
paragraph (1) to which the Secretary as-signed employees under the program, includ-ing the number of such employees so as-signed, the duration of each assignment, a brief description of each assigned employee’s activities, and a statement of the cost of each assignment. 
‘‘(C) A comprehensive justification of any 
activities conducted pursuant to paragraph (1)(B).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sec-
tion is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘M IN-
ISTRY OF DEFENSE ADVISOR ’’ before ‘‘A UTHOR -
ITY’’; 
(2) in subsections (d) and (e), as redesig-
nated by subsection (a)(1) of this section, by striking ‘‘the Committees on Armed Services and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Armed Services and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘the appropriate committees of Congress’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(g) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON-
GRESS DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— 
‘‘(1) the Committees on Armed Services 
and Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
‘‘(2) the Committees on Armed Services 
and Foreign Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT TO SECTION  
HEADING TO REFLECT NAME OF PROGRAM .— 
The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘SEC. 1081. DEFENSE INSTITUTION CAPACITY 
BUILDING PROGRAM.’’. 
SEC. 1083. EXPANSION OF OUTREACH FOR VET-
ERANS TRANSITIONING FROM SERV-ING ON ACTIVE DUTY. 
(a) E XPANSION OF PILOT PROGRAM .—Sub-
section (c)(2) of section 5 of the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act (Public Law 114–2; 38 U.S.C. 1712A note) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) conducts outreach to individuals 
transitioning from serving on active duty in the Armed Forces who are participating in the Transition Assistance Program of the Department of Defense or other similar tran-sition programs to inform such individuals of the community oriented veteran peer sup-port network under paragraph (1) and other support programs and opportunities that are available to such individuals.’’. 
(b) I
NCLUSION OF INFORMATION IN INTERIM  
REPORT .—Subsection (d)(1) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) the number of veterans who— ‘‘(i) received outreach from the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs while serving on ac-tive duty as a member of the Armed Forces; and 
‘‘(ii) participated in a peer support pro-
gram under the pilot program for veterans transitioning from serving on active duty.’’. 
SEC. 1084. MODIFICATION OF CERTAIN REQUIRE-
MENTS APPLICABLE TO MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY LEASE FOR A DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS OUTPATIENT CLINIC IN TULSA, OKLAHOMA. 
Section 601(b) of the Veterans Access, 
Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–146; 128 Stat. 1793) is amended— 
(1) by striking out ‘‘
INTULSA .—’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘In carrying out’’ and inserting ‘‘
INTULSA .—In carrying out’’; 
(2) by striking paragraph (2); (3) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (E) as paragraphs (1) through (5), re-spectively, and adjusting the indentation of the margin of such paragraphs, as so redesig-nated, two ems to the left; 
(4) in paragraph (1), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘140,000 gross square feet’’ and in-serting ‘‘140,000 net usable square feet’’; 
(5) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘not more than the average’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘not more than the average of equivalent medical facility leases executed by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs over the last five years, plus 20 percent;’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘30-year life cycle’’ and inserting ‘‘20-year life cycle’’. 
TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL 
MATTERS 
SEC. 1101. REQUIRED PROBATIONARY PERIOD 
FOR NEW EMPLOYEES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EQUIRED PROBATIONARY PERIOD .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 81 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1599e. Probationary period for employees 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding sec-
tions 3321 and 3393(d) of title 5, the appoint-ment of a covered employee shall become final only after such employee has served a probationary period of two years. The Sec-
retary of the military department concerned may extend a probationary period under this subsection at the discretion of such Sec-retary. 
‘‘(b) C
OVERED EMPLOYEE DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘covered employee’ means any individual— 
‘‘(1) appointed to a permanent position 
within the competitive service at the De-partment of Defense; or 
‘‘(2) appointed as a career appointee (as 
that term is defined in section 3132(a)(4) of title 5) within the Senior Executive Service at the Department. 
‘‘(c) E
MPLOYMENT BECOMES FINAL.—Upon 
the expiration of a covered employee’s pro-bationary period under subsection (a), the supervisor of the employee shall determine whether the appointment becomes final based on regulations prescribed for such pur-pose by the Secretary.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 81 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘1599e. Probationary period for employees.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall apply to any covered employee (as that term is defined in section 1599e of title 10, United States Code, as added by such subsection) appointed after the date of the enactment of this section. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Title 5, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in section 3321(c)— (A) by striking ‘‘Service or’’ and inserting 
‘‘Service,’’; and 
(B) by inserting at the end before the pe-
riod the following: ‘‘, or any individual cov-ered by section 1599e of title 10’’; and 
(2) in section 3393(d), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply to any individual covered by sec-tion 1599e of title 10.’’. 
SEC. 1102. DELAY OF PERIODIC STEP INCREASE 
FOR CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASED UPON UNACCEPTABLE PERFORM-ANCE. 
(a) D ELAY .—Under procedures established 
by the Secretary of Defense, upon a deter-
mination by the Secretary that the work of an employee is not at an acceptable level of competence, the period of time during which the work of the employee is not at an accept-able level of competence shall not count to-ward completion of the period of service re-quired for purposes of subsection (a) of sec-tion 5335 of title 5, United States Code, or subsection (e)(1) or (e)(2) of section 5343 of such title. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY TO PERIODS OF SERV-
ICE.—Subsection (a) shall not apply with re-
spect to any period of service performed be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1103. PROCEDURES FOR REDUCTION IN 
FORCE OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CIVILIAN PERSONNEL. 
Section 1597 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(f) R
EDUCTIONS BASED PRIMARILY ON PER-
FORMANCE .—The Secretary of Defense shall 
establish procedures to provide that, in im-plementing any reduction in force for civil-ian positions in the Department of Defense in the competitive service or the excepted service, the determination of which employ-ees shall be separated from employment in the Department shall be made primarily on the basis of performance, as determined under any applicable performance manage-ment system.’’. 
SEC. 1104. UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND 
WORKFORCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 81 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3526 June 2, 2015 
‘‘§ 1599e. United States Cyber Command re-
cruitment and retention 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .—(1) The Sec-
retary of Defense may— 
‘‘(A) establish, as positions in the excepted 
service, such qualified positions in the De-partment as the Secretary determines nec-essary to carry out the responsibilities of the United States Cyber Command including— 
‘‘(i) staff of the headquarters of the United 
States Cyber Command provided to the Com-mand by the Air Force; 
‘‘(ii) elements of the United States Cyber 
Command enterprise relating to cyberspace operations; 
‘‘(iii) elements of the United States Cyber 
Command provided by the armed forces; and 
‘‘(iv) positions formerly identified as— ‘‘(I) senior level positions designated under 
section 5376 of title 5; and 
‘‘(II) positions in the Senior Executive 
Service; 
‘‘(B) appoint an individual to a qualified 
position (after taking into consideration the availability of preference eligibles for ap-pointment to the position); and 
‘‘(C) subject to the requirements of sub-
sections (b) and (c), fix the compensation of an individual for service in a qualified posi-tion. 
‘‘(2) The authority of the Secretary under 
this subsection applies without regard to the provisions of any other law relating to the appointment, number, classification, or com-pensation of employees. 
‘‘(b) B
ASIC PAY.—(1) In accordance with 
this section, the Secretary shall fix the rates of basic pay for any qualified position estab-lished under subsection (a)— 
‘‘(A) in relation to the rates of pay pro-
vided for employees in comparable positions in the Department, in which the incumbent performs, manages, or supervises functions that execute the cyber mission of the De-partment; and 
‘‘(B) subject to the same limitations on 
maximum rates of pay established for such employees by law or regulation. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary may— ‘‘(A) consistent with section 5341 of title 5, 
adopt such provisions of that title as provide for prevailing rate systems of basic pay; and 
‘‘(B) apply those provisions to qualified po-
sitions for employees in or under which the Department may employ individuals de-scribed by section 5342(a)(2)(A) of such title. 
‘‘(c) A
DDITIONAL COMPENSATION , INCEN -
TIVES , AND ALLOWANCES .—(1) The Secretary 
may provide employees in qualified positions compensation (in addition to basic pay), in-cluding benefits, incentives, and allowances, consistent with, and not in excess of the level authorized for, comparable positions authorized by title 5. 
‘‘(2) An employee in a qualified position 
whose rate of basic pay is fixed under sub-section (b)(1) shall be eligible for an allow-ance under section 5941 of title 5 on the same basis and to the same extent as if the em-ployee was an employee covered by such sec-tion, including eligibility conditions, allow-ance rates, and all other terms and condi-tions in law or regulation. 
‘‘(d) P
LAN FOR EXECUTION OF AUTHORI -
TIES.—Not later than 120 days after the date 
of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate committees of Congress with a plan for the use of the authorities provided under this section. 
‘‘(e) C
OLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREE -
MENTS .—Nothing in subsection (a) may be 
construed to impair the continued effective-ness of a collective bargaining agreement with respect to an office, component, sub-component, or equivalent of the Department that is a successor to an office, component, subcomponent, or equivalent of the Depart-
ment covered by the agreement before the succession. 
‘‘(f) R
EQUIRED REGULATIONS .—The Sec-
retary, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall 
prescribe regulations for the administration of this section. 
‘‘(g) A
NNUAL REPORT .—(1) Not later than 
one year after the date of the enactment of this section and not less frequently than once each year thereafter until the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this section, the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, in coordination with the Secretary, shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a detailed re-port on the administration of this section during the most recent one-year period. 
‘‘(2) Each report submitted under para-
graph (1) shall include, for the period covered by the report, the following: 
‘‘(A) A discussion of the process used in ac-
cepting applications, assessing candidates, ensuring adherence to veterans’ preference, and selecting applicants for vacancies to be filled by an individual for a qualified posi-tion. 
‘‘(B) A description of the following: ‘‘(i) How the Secretary plans to fulfill the 
critical need of the Department to recruit and retain employees in qualified positions. 
‘‘(ii) The measures that will be used to 
measure progress. 
‘‘(iii) Any actions taken during the report-
ing period to fulfill such critical need. 
‘‘(C) A discussion of how the planning and 
actions taken under subparagraph (B) are in-tegrated into the strategic workforce plan-ning of the Department. 
‘‘(D) The metrics on actions occurring dur-
ing the reporting period, including the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) The number of employees in qualified 
positions hired, disaggregated by occupation, grade, and level or pay band. 
‘‘(ii) The placement of employees in quali-
fied positions, disaggregated by directorate and office within the Department. 
‘‘(iii) The total number of veterans hired. ‘‘(iv) The number of separations of employ-
ees in qualified positions, disaggregated by occupation and grade and level or pay band. 
‘‘(v) The number of retirements of employ-
ees in qualified positions, disaggregated by occupation, grade, and level or pay band. 
‘‘(vi) The number and amounts of recruit-
ment, relocation, and retention incentives paid to employees in qualified positions, disaggregated by occupation, grade, and level or pay band. 
‘‘(E) A description of the training provided 
to supervisors of employees in qualified posi-tions at the Department on the use of the new authorities. 
‘‘(h) T
HREE -YEAR PROBATIONARY PERIOD .— 
The probationary period for all employees hired under the authority established in this section shall be three years. 
‘‘(i) I
NCUMBENTS OF EXISTING COMPETITIVE  
SERVICE POSITIONS .—(1) An individual serv-
ing in a position on the date of enactment of this section that is selected to be converted to a position in the excepted service under this section shall have the right to refuse such conversion. 
‘‘(2) After the date on which an individual 
who refuses a conversion under paragraph (1) stops serving in the position selected to be converted, the position may be converted to a position in the excepted service. 
‘‘(j) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate committees of 
Congress’ means— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Armed Services, 
the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘collective bargaining agree-
ment’ has the meaning given that term in section 7103(a)(8) of title 5. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘excepted service’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 2103 of title 5. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘preference eligible’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 2108 of title 5. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘qualified position’ means a 
position, designated by the Secretary for the purpose of this section, in which the incum-bent performs, manages, or supervises func-tions that execute the responsibilities of the United States Cyber Command relating to cyber operations. 
‘‘(6) The term ‘Senior Executive Service’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 2101a of title 5.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
3132(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended in the matter following subpara-graph (E)— 
(1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after 
the semicolon; and 
(3) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-
lowing new clause: 
‘‘(iv) any position established as a quali-
fied position in the excepted service by the Secretary of Defense under section 1599e of title 10;’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 81 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1599d the following new item: 
‘‘1599e. United States Cyber Command re-
cruitment and retention.’’. 
SEC. 1105. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY 
TO WAIVE ANNUAL LIMITATION ON PREMIUM PAY AND AGGREGATE LIMITATION ON PAY FOR FEDERAL CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES WORKING OVERSEAS. 
Effective January 1, 2016, section 1101(a) of 
the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4615), as most recently amended by section 1101 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is further amended by striking ‘‘through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2016’’. 
SEC. 1106. FIVE-YEAR EXTENSION OF EXPEDITED 
HIRING AUTHORITY FOR DES-IGNATED DEFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE POSITIONS. 
Section 1705(g)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’. 
SEC. 1107. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF DISCRE-
TIONARY AUTHORITY TO GRANT AL-LOWANCES, BENEFITS, AND GRATU-ITIES TO CIVILIAN PERSONNEL ON OFFICIAL DUTY IN A COMBAT ZONE. 
Paragraph (2) of section 1603(a) of the 
Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and Hurricane Recovery, 2006 (Public Law 109–234; 120 Stat. 443), as added by section 1102 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Pub-lic Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4616) and most re-cently amended by section 1102 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is further amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3527 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 1108. EXTENSION OF RATE OF OVERTIME 
PAY FOR DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY EMPLOYEES PERFORMING WORK ABOARD OR DOCKSIDE IN SUPPORT OF THE NUCLEAR-POW-ERED AIRCRAFT CARRIER FORWARD DEPLOYED IN JAPAN. 
Section 5542(a)(6)(B) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. 
SEC. 1109. EXPANSION OF TEMPORARY AUTHOR-
ITY TO MAKE DIRECT APPOINT-MENTS OF CANDIDATES POS-SESSING BACHELOR’S DEGREES TO SCIENTIFIC AND ENGINEERING PO-SITIONS AT SCIENCE AND TECH-NOLOGY REINVENTION LABORA-TORIES. 
(a) E XPANSION .—Section 1107(c)(1) of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended by striking ‘‘3 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘5 per-cent’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on January 1, 2016, and shall apply with respect to appointments of candidates under section 1107(a)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 on or after that date. 
SEC. 1110. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR THE 
CIVILIAN ACQUISITION WORKFORCE PERSONNEL DEMONSTRATION PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1762(g) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2020’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Such section 
is further amended by striking ‘‘demonstra-tion program’’ and inserting ‘‘demonstration project’’. 
SEC. 1111. PILOT PROGRAM ON DYNAMIC SHAP-
ING OF THE WORKFORCE TO IM-PROVE THE TECHNICAL SKILLS AND EXPERTISE AT CERTAIN DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE LABORATORIES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall carry out a pilot pro-gram to assess the feasability and advis-ability of the use of the authorities specified in subsection (b) at the Department of De-fense laboratories specified in subsection (c) to permit the directors of such laboratories to dynamically shape the mix of technical skills and expertise in the workforces of such laboratories in order to achieve one or more of the following: 
(1) To meet organizational and Depart-
ment-designated missions in the most cost- effective and efficient manner. 
(2) To upgrade and enhance the scientific 
quality of the workforces of such labora-tories. 
(3) To shape such workforces to better re-
spond to such missions. 
(4) To reduce the average unit cost of such 
workforces. 
(b) W
ORKFORCE SHAPING AUTHORITIES .—The 
authorities that may be used by the director of a Department of Defense laboratory under the pilot program are the following: 
(1) F
LEXIBLE LENGTH AND RENEWABLE TERM  
TECHNICAL APPOINTMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the provisions 
of this paragraph, authority otherwise avail-able to the director by law (and within the available budgetary resources of the labora-tory) to appoint qualified scientific and tech-nical personnel who are not currently De-partment of Defense civilian employees into any scientific or technical position in the laboratory for a period of more than one year but not more than six years. 
(B) B
ENEFITS .—Personnel appointed under 
this paragraph shall be provided with bene-fits comparable to those provided to similar employees at the laboratory concerned, in-cluding professional development opportuni-
ties, eligibility for all laboratory awards pro-grams, and designation as ‘‘status appli-cants’’ for the purposes of eligibility for posi-tions in the Federal service. 
(C) E
XTENSION OF APPOINTMENTS .—The ap-
pointment of any individual under this para-graph may be extended at any time during any term of service of the individual under this paragraph for an additional period of up to six years under such conditions as the di-rector concerned shall establish for purposes of this paragraph. 
(D) C
ONSTRUCTION WITH CERTAIN LIMITA -
TION.—For purposes of determining the 
workforce size of a laboratory in connection with compliance with section 955 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1896; 10 U.S.C. 129a note), any individual serving in an appointment under this paragraph shall be treated as a fractional employee of the laboratory, which fraction is— 
(i) the current term of appointment of the 
individual under this paragraph; divided by 
(ii) the average length of tenure of a career 
employee at the laboratory, as calculated at the end of the last fiscal year ending before the date of the most recent appointment or extension of the individual under this para-graph. 
(2) R
EEMPLOYMENT OF ANNUITANTS .—Au-
thority to reemploy annuitants in accord-ance with section 9902(g) of title 5, United States Code, except that as a condition for 
reemployment the director may authorize the deduction from the pay of any annuitant so reemployed of an amount up to the amount of the annuity otherwise payable to such annuitant allocable to the period of ac-tual employment of such annuitant, which amount shall be determined in a manner specified by the director for purposes of this paragraph to ensure the most cost effective execution of designated missions by the lab-oratory while retaining critical technical skills. 
(3) E
ARLY RETIREMENT INCENTIVES .—Au-
thority to authorize voluntary early retire-ment of employees in accordance with sec-tion 8336 of title 5, United States Code, with-out regard to section 8336(d)(2)(D) or 3522 of such title, and with employees so separated voluntarily from service under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of the pilot program. 
(4) S
EPARATION INCENTIVE PAY .—Authority 
to pay voluntary separation pay to employ-ees in accordance with section 8414(b)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code, without regard to clause (iv) or (v) of such section or section 3522, of such title, and with— 
(A) employees so separated voluntarily 
from service under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of the pilot program; and 
(B) payments to employees so separated 
authorized under section 3523 of such title without regard to— 
(i) the plan otherwise required by section 
3522 of such title; and 
(ii) paragraph (1) or (3) of section 3523(b) of 
such title. 
(c) L
ABORATORIES .—The Department of De-
fense laboratories specified in this sub-section are the laboratories specified in sec-tion 1105(a) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2486; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note). 
(d) E
XPIRATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority in this sec-
tion shall expire on December 31, 2023. 
(2) C ONTINUATION OF AUTHORITIES EXERCISED  
BEFORE TERMINATION .—The expiration in 
paragraph (1) shall not be construed to effect the continuation after the date specified in paragraph (1) of any term of employment or other benefit authorized under this section before that date in accordance with the 
terms of such authorization. 
SEC. 1112. PILOT PROGRAM ON TEMPORARY EX-
CHANGE OF FINANCIAL MANAGE-MENT AND ACQUISITION PER-SONNEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of the temporary assignment of covered employees of the De-partment of Defense to nontraditional de-fense contractors and of covered employees of such contractors to the Department. 
(b) C
OVERED EMPLOYEES ; NONTRADITIONAL  
DEFENSE CONTRACTORS .— 
(1) C OVERED EMPLOYEES .—An employee of 
the Department of Defense or a nontradi-tional Defense contractor is a covered em-ployee for purposes of this section if the em-ployee— 
(A) works in the field of financial manage-
ment or in the acquisition field; 
(B) is considered by the Secretary of De-
fense to be an exceptional employee; and 
(C) is compensated at not less than the GS– 
11 level (or the equivalent). 
(2) N
ONTRADITIONAL DEFENSE CONTRAC -
TORS .—For purposes of this section, the term 
‘‘nontraditional defense contractor’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2302(9) of title 10, United States Code. 
(c) A
GREEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide for a written agreement among the Department of Defense, the nontradi-tional defense contractor concerned, and the employee concerned regarding the terms and conditions of the employee’s assignment under this section. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—An agreement under this 
subsection— 
(A) shall require, in the case of an em-
ployee of the Department, that upon comple-tion of the assignment, the employee will serve in the civil service for a period at least equal to three times the length of the assign-ment, unless the employee is sooner involun-tarily separated from the service of the em-ployee’s agency; and 
(B) shall provide that if the employee of 
the Department or of the contractor (as the case may be) fails to carry out the agree-ment, or if the employee is voluntarily sepa-rated from the service of the employee’s agency before the end of the period stated in the agreement, the employee shall be liable to the United States for payment of all ex-penses of the assignment unless that failure or voluntary separation was for good and sufficient reason, as determined by the Sec-retary. 
(3) D
EBT TO THE UNITED STATES .—An 
amount for which an employee is liable under paragraph (2)(B) shall be treated as a debt due the United States. The Secretary may waive, in whole or in part, collection of such a debt based on a determination that the collection would be against equity and good conscience and not in the best interests of the United States. 
(d) T
ERMINATION .—An assignment under 
this section may, at any time and for any reason, be terminated by the Department of Defense or the nontraditional defense con-tractor concerned. 
(e) D
URATION .—An assignment under this 
section shall be for a period of not less than three months and not more than one year. 
(f) S
TATUS OF FEDERAL EMPLOYEES AS-
SIGNED TO CONTRACTORS .—An employee of 
the Department of Defense who is assigned to a nontraditional defense contractor under this section shall be considered, during the period of assignment, to be on detail to a regular work assignment in the Department for all purposes. The written agreement es-tablished under subsection (c) shall address the specific terms and conditions related to 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3528 June 2, 2015 
the employee’s continued status as a Federal 
employee. 
(g) T ERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PRIVATE  
SECTOR EMPLOYEES .—An employee of a non-
traditional defense contractor who is as-signed to a Department of Defense organiza-tion under this section— 
(1) shall continue to receive pay and bene-
fits from the contractor from which such em-ployee is assigned; 
(2) shall be deemed to be an employee of 
the Department of Defense for the purposes of— 
(A) chapter 73 of title 5, United States 
Code; 
(B) sections 201, 203, 205, 207, 208, 209, 603, 
606, 607, 643, 654, 1905, and 1913 of title 18, United States Code, and any other conflict of interest statute; 
(C) sections 1343, 1344, and 1349(b) of title 
31, United States Code; 
(D) the Federal Tort Claims Act and any 
other Federal tort liability statute; 
(E) the Ethics in Government Act of 1978; (F) section 1043 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986; 
(G) chapter 21 of title 41, United States 
Code; and 
(H) subchapter I of chapter 81 of title 5, 
United States Code, relating to compensa-tion for work-related injuries; and 
(3) may not have access, while the em-
ployee is assigned to a Department organiza-tion, to any trade secrets or to any other nonpublic information which is of commer-cial value to the contractor from which such employee is assigned. 
(h) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST CHARGING CERTAIN  
COSTS TO FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .—A non-
traditional defense contractor may not charge the Department of Defense or any other agency of the Federal Government, as direct or indirect costs under a Federal con-tract, the costs of pay or benefits paid by the contractor to an employee assigned to a De-partment organization under this section for the period of the assignment. 
(i) C
ONSIDERATION .—In providing for as-
signments of employees under this section, the Secretary of Defense shall take into con-sideration the question of how assignments might best be used to help meet the needs of the Department of Defense with respect to the training of employees in financial man-agement or in acquisition. 
(j) N
UMERICAL LIMITATIONS .— 
(1) D EPARTMENT EMPLOYEES .—The number 
of employees of the Department of Defense who may be assigned to nontraditional de-fense contractors under this section at any given time may not exceed the following: 
(A) Five employees in the field of financial 
management. 
(B) Five employees in the acquisition field. (2) N
ONTRADITIONAL DEFENSE CONTRACTOR  
EMPLOYEES .—The total number of nontradi-
tional defense contractor employees who may be assigned to the Department under this section at any given time may not ex-ceed 10 such employees. 
(k) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY FOR ASSIGN -
MENTS .—No assignment of an employee may 
commence under this section after Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
SEC. 1113. PILOT PROGRAM ON ENHANCED PAY 
AUTHORITY FOR CERTAIN ACQUISI-TION AND TECHNOLOGY POSITIONS IN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary of Defense may carry out a pilot pro-gram to assess the feasibility and advis-ability of using the pay authority specified in subsection (d) to fix the rate of basic pay for positions described in subsection (c) in order to assist the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the military departments in at-tracting and retaining high quality acquisi-tion and technology experts in positions re-sponsible for managing and developing com-
plex, high cost, technological acquisition ef-forts of the Department of Defense. 
(b) A
PPROVAL REQUIRED .—The pilot pro-
gram may be carried out only with approval as follows: 
(1) Approval of the Under Secretary of De-
fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics, in the case of positions in the Office of the Secretary of Defense. 
(2) Approval of the Service Acquisition Ex-
ecutive of the military department con-cerned, in the case of positions in a military department. 
(c) P
OSITIONS .—The positions described in 
this subsection are positions that— 
(1) require expertise of an extremely high 
level in a scientific, technical, professional, or acquisition management field; and 
(2) are critical to the successful accom-
plishment of an important acquisition or technology development mission. 
(d) R
ATE OF BASIC PAY.—The pay authority 
specified in this subsection is authority as follows: 
(1) Authority to fix the rate of basic pay 
for a position at a rate not to exceed 150 per-cent of the rate of basic pay payable for level I of the Executive Schedule, upon the ap-proval of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics or the Service Acquisition Executive con-cerned, as applicable. 
(2) Authority to fix the rate of basic pay 
for a position at a rate in excess of 150 per-cent of the rate of basic pay payable for level I of the Executive Schedule, upon the ap-proval of the Secretary of Defense. 
(e) L
IMITATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority in sub-
section (a) may be used only to the extent necessary to competitively recruit or retain individuals exceptionally well qualified for positions described in subsection (c). 
(2) N
UMBER OF POSITIONS .—The authority in 
subsection (a) may not be used with respect to more than five positions in the Office of the Secretary of Defense and more than five positions in each military department at any one time. 
(3) T
ERM OF POSITIONS .—The authority in 
subsection (a) may be used only for positions having terms less than five years. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority to fix rates 
of basic pay for a position under this section shall terminate on October 1, 2020. 
(2) C
ONTINUATION OF PAY .—Nothing in para-
graph (1) shall be construed to prohibit the payment after October 1, 2020, of basic pay at rates fixed under this section before that date for positions whose terms continue after that date. 
SEC. 1114. PILOT PROGRAM ON DIRECT HIRE AU-
THORITY FOR VETERAN TECHNICAL EXPERTS INTO THE DEFENSE AC-QUISITION WORKFORCE. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall carry out a pilot program to as-sess the feasibility and advisability of ap-pointing qualified veteran candidates to po-sitions described in subsection (b) in the de-fense acquisition workforce of the military departments without regard to the provi-sions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code. The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program in each military department through the Service Acquisition Executive of such military department. 
(b) P
OSITIONS .—The positions described in 
this subsection are scientific, technical, en-gineering, and mathematics positions, in-cluding technicians, within the defense ac-quisition workforce. 
(c) L
IMITATION .—Authority under sub-
section (a) may not, in any calendar year and with respect to any military depart-ment, be exercised with respect to a number of candidates greater than the number equal 
to 1 percent of the total number positions the acquisition workforce of that military department that are filled as of the close of the fiscal year last ending before the start of such calendar year. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘employee’’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. 
(2) The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority to appoint 
candidates to positions under the pilot pro-gram shall expire on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) E
FFECT ON EXISTING APPOINTMENTS .— 
The termination by paragraph (1) of the au-thority in subsection (a) shall not affect any appointment made under that authority be-fore the termination date specified in para-graph (1) in accordance with the terms of such appointment. 
SEC. 1115. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR TECH-
NICAL EXPERTS INTO THE DEFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Each Secretary of a mili-
tary department may appoint qualified can-didates possessing a scientific or engineering degree to positions described in subsection (b) for that military department without re-gard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Positions described in 
this subsection are scientific and engineer-ing positions within the defense acquisition workforce. 
(c) L
IMITATION .—Authority under this sec-
tion may not, in any calendar year and with respect to any military department, be exer-cised with respect to a number of candidates greater than the number equal to 5 percent of the total number of scientific and engi-neering positions within the acquisition workforce of that military department that are filled as of the close of the fiscal year last ending before the start of such calendar year. 
(d) N
ATURE OF APPOINTMENT .—Any ap-
pointment under this section shall be treated as an appointment on a full-time equivalent basis, unless such appointment is made on a term or temporary basis. 
(e) E
MPLOYEE DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘employee’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to make 
appointments under this section shall not be available after December 31, 2020. 
TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO 
FOREIGN NATIONS 
Subtitle A—Training and Assistance 
SEC. 1201. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF FUNDING 
LIMITATIONS FOR AUTHORITY TO BUILD THE CAPACITY OF FOREIGN SECURITY FORCES. 
Section 1205(d) of the Carl Levin and How-
ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2015’’ and 
all that follows through ‘‘section 4301’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2015 or 2016 for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, in such fiscal year’’ be-
fore the period; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘for a fiscal year specified in that paragraph’’. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3529 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 1202. EXTENSION AND EXPANSION OF AU-
THORITY FOR REIMBURSEMENT TO THE GOVERNMENT OF JORDAN FOR BORDER SECURITY OPERATIONS. 
(a) E XPANSION TO GOVERNMENT OF LEB-
ANON .—Subsection (a) of section 1207 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 902; 22 U.S.C. 2151 note) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘and the Government of 
Lebanon’’ after ‘‘the Government of Jordan’’ each place it appears; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘armed forces of Jordan’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘armed forces of the country concerned’’. 
(b) S
COPE OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (a) of 
such section is further amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘maintaining’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘enhancing’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘increase security and sus-
tain increased security along the border be-tween Jordan and Syria’’ and inserting ‘‘sus-tain security along the border of Jordan with Syria and Iraq and increase or sustain secu-rity along the border of Lebanon with Syria, as applicable’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘maintain’’ and inserting 
‘‘enhance’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘increase security or sus-
tain increased security along the border be-tween Jordan and Syria’’ and inserting ‘‘sus-tain security along the border of Jordan with Syria and Iraq or increase or sustain secu-rity along the border of Lebanon with Syria, as applicable’’. 
(c) F
UNDS .—Subsection (b) of such section 
is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) F UNDS AVAILABLE FOR ASSISTANCE .— 
While the authority in this section is in ef-fect, amounts may be used to provide assist-ance under the authority in subsection (a) as follows: 
‘‘(1) Amounts authorized to be appro-
priated for a fiscal year for the Department of Defense and available for reimbursement of certain coalition nations for support pro-vided to United States military operations pursuant to section 1233 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–81). 
‘‘(2) Amounts authorized to be appro-
priated for a fiscal year for the Department of Defense for the Counterterrorism Partner-ships Fund.’’. 
(d) L
IMITATIONS .—Subsection (c) of such 
section is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may not 
exceed $150,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘in any fis-cal year may not exceed $125,000,000’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) A
SSISTANCE TO GOVERNMENT OF LEB -
ANON .—Assistance provided under the au-
thority in subsection (a) to the Government of Lebanon may be used only for the armed forces of Lebanon, and may not be used for or to reimburse Hezbollah or any forces other than the armed forces of Lebanon.’’. 
(e) E
XPIRATION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection 
(f) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2020’’. 
(f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading 
of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1207. ASSISTANCE TO THE GOVERNMENT 
OF JORDAN AND THE GOVERNMENT OF LEBANON FOR BORDER SECU-RITY OPERATIONS.’’. 
SEC. 1203. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO CON-
DUCT ACTIVITIES TO ENHANCE THE CAPABILITY OF FOREIGN COUN-TRIES TO RESPOND TO INCIDENTS INVOLVING WEAPONS OF MASS DE-STRUCTION. 
Section 1204(h) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 897; 10 U.S.C. 401 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ 
and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. 
SEC. 1204. REDESIGNATION, MODIFICATION, AND 
EXTENSION OF NATIONAL GUARD STATE PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—The heading of section 
1205 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 897; 32 U.S.C. 107 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1205. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STATE 
PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM.’’. 
(b) S COPE OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (a) of 
such section is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a program 
of exchanges’’ and all that follows and in-serting ‘‘a program of activities described in paragraph (2) between members of the Na-tional Guard of a State or territory and any of the following: 
‘‘(A) The military forces of a foreign coun-
try. 
‘‘(B) The security forces of a foreign coun-
try. 
‘‘(C) Governmental organizations of a for-
eign country whose primary functions in-clude disaster response or emergency re-sponse.’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) S
TATE PARTNERSHIP .—Each program 
established under this subsection shall be known as a ‘State Partnership’.’’. 
(c) L
IMITATION .—Subsection (b) of such sec-
tion is amended by striking ‘‘activity under a program’’ and all that follows through ‘‘State or territory,’’ and inserting ‘‘activity 
with forces referred to in subsection (a)(1)(B) or organizations described in subsection (a)(1)(C) under a program established under subsection (a)’’. 
(d) S
TATE PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM FUND.— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy and the Under Sec-retary of Defense (Comptroller) shall jointly submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report setting forth a joint assessment of the feasibility and advisability of estab-lishing a central fund to manage funds for programs and activities under the Depart-ment of Defense State Partnership Program under section 1205 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014, as amended by this section. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Subsection 
(e)(2) of such section is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘a program’’ and inserting 
‘‘each program’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘the program’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘such program’’. 
(f) P ERMANENT AUTHORITY .—Such section 
is further amended by striking subsection (i). 
SEC. 1205. AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE SUPPORT TO 
NATIONAL MILITARY FORCES OF AL-LIED COUNTRIES FOR COUNTERTER-RORISM OPERATIONS IN AFRICA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
is authorized, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State, to provide, on a nonreim-bursable basis, logistic support, supplies, and services to the national military forces of an allied country conducting counterterrorism operations in Africa if the Secretary of De-fense determines that the provision of such logistic support, supplies, and services, on a nonreimbursable basis, is— 
(1) in the national security interests of the 
United States; and 
(2) critical to the timely and effective par-
ticipation of such national military forces in such operations. 
(b) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS ON SUPPORT PRO-
VIDED .—Not later than 15 days after pro-
viding logistic support, supplies, or services under subsection (a), the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a notice setting forth the following: (1) The determination of the Secretary 
specified in subsection (a). 
(2) The type of logistic support, supplies, or 
services provided. 
(3) The national military forces supported. (4) The purpose of the operations for which 
such support was provided, and the objec-tives of such support. 
(5) The estimated cost of such support. (6) The intended duration of such support. 
(c) L
IMITATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may not use the authority in subsection (a) to provide any type of support that is other-wise prohibited by any other provision of law. 
(2) A
MOUNT .—The aggregate amount of lo-
gistic support, supplies, and services pro-vided under subsection (a) in any fiscal year may not exceed $100,000,000. 
(d) R
EPORTS .—Not later than six months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every six months thereafter through the expiration date in subsection (f) of the au-thority provided by this section, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report set-ting forth a description of the use of the au-thority provided by this section during the six-month period ending on the date of such report. Each report shall include the fol-lowing: 
(1) An assessment of the extent to which 
the support provided under this section dur-ing the period covered by such report facili-tated the national military forces of allied countries so supported in conducting counterterrorism operations in Africa. 
(2) A description of any efforts by coun-
tries that received such support to address, as practicable, the requirements of their forces for logistics support, supplies, or serv-ices for conducting counterterrorism oper-ations in Africa, including under acquisition and cross-servicing agreements. 
(e) L
OGISTIC SUPPORT , SUPPLIES , ANDSERV-
ICES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘lo-
gistic support, supplies, and services’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2350(1) of title 10, United States Code. 
(f) E
XPIRATION .—The authority provided by 
this section may not be exercised after Sep-tember 30, 2018. 
SEC. 1206. AUTHORITY TO BUILD THE CAPACITY 
OF FOREIGN MILITARY INTEL-LIGENCE FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
with the concurrence of the Director of Na-tional Intelligence and the Secretary of State, is authorized to conduct or support a program or programs to train the military intelligence forces of a foreign county in order for that country to— 
(1) improve interoperability with United 
States and allied forces; 
(2) enhance the capacity of such forces to 
receive and act upon time-sensitive intel-ligence; 
(3) increase the capacity and capability of 
such forces to fuse and analyze intelligence; and 
(4) ensure the ability of such forces to sup-
port the military forces of that country in conducting lawful military operations in which intelligence plays a critical role. 
(b) T
YPES OF SUPPORT .— 
(1) A UTHORIZED ELEMENTS .—A program 
under subsection (a) may include the provi-sion of training, and associated supplies and support. 
(2) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS .—A program under 
subsection (a) shall include elements that promote the following: 
(A) Observance of and respect for human 
rights and fundamental freedoms. 
(B) Respect for civilian control of the mili-
tary. 
(c) L
IMITATIONS .— 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3530 June 2, 2015 
(1) A NNUAL FUNDING LIMITATION .—Of the 
amount authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for a fiscal year and available for the military intelligence pro-gram (MIP), the Secretary of Defense may use up to $25,000,000 in such fiscal year to carry out programs authorized by subsection (a). 
(2) A
SSISTANCE OTHERWISE PROHIBITED BY  
LAW.—The Secretary of Defense may not use 
the authority in subsection (a) to provide any type of assistance described in sub-section (b) that is otherwise prohibited by any provision of law. 
(3) L
IMITATION ON ELIGIBLE COUNTRIES .— 
The Secretary of Defense may not use the authority in subsection (a) to provide assist-ance described in subsection (b) to any for-eign country that is otherwise prohibited from receiving such assistance under any other provision of law. 
(d) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not less 
than 15 days before initiating activities under a program under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a notice on the following: 
(1) The country whose capacity to engage 
in activities in subsection (a) will be built under the program. 
(2) The budget, implementation timeline 
with milestones, military department re-sponsible for management and associated program executive office, and completion date for the program. 
(3) Assurances, if any, provided with re-
spect to an enduring arrangement between the United States and the forces provided training pursuant to subsection (a). 
(4) The objectives and assessment frame-
work to be used to develop capability and performance metrics associated with oper-ational outcomes for the recipient forces. 
(5) An assessment of the capacity of the re-
cipient country to absorb assistance under the program. 
(6) An assessment of the manner in which 
the program fits into the theater security cooperation strategy of the applicable geo-graphic combatant command. 
(e) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1207. PROHIBITION ON ASSISTANCE TO EN-
TITIES IN YEMEN CONTROLLED BY THE HOUTHI MOVEMENT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—No amounts authorized 
to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the 
Department of Defense by this Act may be used to provide assistance to an entity in Yemen that is controlled by members of the Houthi movement. 
(b) N
ATIONAL SECURITY EXCEPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The prohibition in sub-
section (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, determines that the provision of assistance as described in that subsection is important to the national secu-rity interests of the United States. 
(2) N
OTICE REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 
days after providing assistance under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees notice on such assistance, including the following: 
(A) The assistance provided. (B) The rationale for the provision of such 
assistance. (C) The national security interests of the 
United States in providing such assistance. 
(3) F
ORM.—Each notice under paragraph (2) 
shall be submitted in an unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1208. REPORT ON POTENTIAL SUPPORT FOR 
THE VETTED SYRIAN OPPOSITION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth a detailed description of the military support the Secretary considers it necessary to provide to recipients of as-sistance under section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541) upon their return to Syria to make use of such assist-ance. 
(b) C
OVERED POTENTIAL SUPPORT .—The sup-
port the Secretary may consider it necessary to provide for purposes of the report is the following: 
(1) Logistical support. (2) Defensive supportive fire. (3) Intelligence. (4) Medical support. (5) Any other support the Secretary con-
siders appropriate for purposes of the report. 
(c) E
LEMENTS .—The report shall include 
the following: 
(1) For each type of support the Secretary 
considers it necessary to provide as described in subsection (a), a description of the actions to be taken by the Secretary to ensure that such support would not benefit any of the following: 
(A) The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria 
(ISIS), the Al-Nusra Front, al-Qaeda, the Khorasan Group, or any other extremist Is-lamic organization 
(B) The Syrian Arab Army or any group or 
organization supporting President Bashir Assad. 
(2) An estimate of the cost of providing 
such support. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to constitute an authorization for the use of force in Syria. 
Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan, 
Pakistan, and Iraq 
SEC. 1221. DRAWDOWN OF UNITED STATES 
FORCES IN AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the drawdown of United States forces in 
Afghanistan should be based on security con-ditions in Afghanistan and United States se-curity interests in the region; and 
(2) as the Afghan National Defense Secu-
rity Forces develop security capabilities and capacity, an appropriate United States and international presence should continue, upon invitation by the Government of Afghani-stan, to provide adequate capability and ca-pacity to preserve gains made to date and continue counterterrorism operations in Af-ghanistan against terrorist organizations that can threaten United States interests or the United States homeland. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION ON REDEPLOYMENTS OF  
US F ORCES FROMAFGHANISTAN .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 10 days 
after the approval by the Secretary of De-fense of orders to redeploy United States forces from Afghanistan in order to effect a reduction of the United States force presence in Afghanistan by a significant amount in accordance with plans approved by the Presi-dent to drawdown United States forces in Af-ghanistan, the President shall certify to the congressional defense committees that the reduction of such force presence will result in an acceptable level of risk to United States national security objectives taking into consideration the security conditions on 
the ground. 
(2) S
IGNIFICANT AMOUNT .—For the purposes 
of this subsection, a significant amount in the reduction of the force presence of United States forces shall be a reduction by the less-er of— 
(A) 1,000 or more troops; or (B) the number of troops equal to 20 per-
cent of the troops in Afghanistan at the time of the reduction. 
(3) W
AIVER .—The President may waive the 
requirement for a certification under para-graph (1) if the making of the certification would impede national security objectives of the United States. The President shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report on each such waiver, including the national security objectives that would oth-erwise be impeded if not for the waiver. 
SEC. 1222. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
COMMANDERS’ EMERGENCY RE-SPONSE PROGRAM. 
(a) O NE-YEAR EXTENSION .—Section 1201 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1619), as most recently amended by section 1221 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3546), is further amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ in subsections (a), (b), and (f) and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(b) R
ESTRICTION ON AMOUNT OF PAY-
MENTS .—Subsection (e) of such section 1201, 
as so amended, is further amended by strik-ing ‘‘$2,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’. 
(c) S
UBMITTAL OF REVISED GUIDANCE .—Not 
later than 15 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a copy of the guidance issued by the Secretary to the Armed Forces con-cerning the Commanders’ Emergency Re-sponse Program in Afghanistan as revised to take into account the amendments made by this section. 
(d) A
UTHORITY FOR CERTAIN PAYMENTS TO 
REDRESS INJURY AND LOSS IN IRAQ.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—During fiscal year 2016, 
amounts available pursuant to section 1201 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012, as amended by this sec-tion, shall also be available for ex gratia payments for damage, personal injury, or death that is incident to combat operations of the Armed Forces in Iraq. 
(2) A
UTHORITIES APPLICABLE TO PAYMENT .— 
Any payment made pursuant to this sub-section shall be made in accordance with the authorities and limitations in section 8121 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2015 (division C of Public Law 113–235), other than subsection (h) of such section. 
(3) C
ONSTRUCTION WITH RESTRICTION ON  
AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS .—For purposes of the 
application of subsection (e) of such section 1201, as so amended, to any payment under this subsection, such payment shall be deemed to be a project described by such sub-section (e). 
SEC. 1223. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO TRANS-
FER DEFENSE ARTICLES AND PRO-VIDE DEFENSE SERVICES TO THE MILITARY AND SECURITY FORCES OF AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 
1222 of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1992), as amended by section 1231 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2105 (Public Law 113–291), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
(b) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Subsection (f)(1) 
of such section, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘March 31, 2017’’. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3531 June 2, 2015 
(c) E XCESS DEFENSE ARTICLES .—Subsection 
(i)(2) of such section, as so amended, is fur-ther amended by striking ‘‘, 2014, and 2015’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘through 2016’’. 
SEC. 1224. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
AUTHORITY FOR REIMBURSEMENT OF CERTAIN COALITION NATIONS FOR SUPPORT PROVIDED TO UNITED STATES MILITARY OPER-ATIONS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 
1233 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–81; 122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1222 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is fur-ther amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and in-
serting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Operation 
Enduring Freedom’’ and inserting ‘‘Oper-ation Freedom’s Sentinel’’. 
(b) O
THER SUPPORT .—Subsection (b) of such 
section 1233, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘Operation Enduring Freedom’’ and inserting ‘‘Operation Free-dom’s Sentinel’’. 
(c) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNTS AVAILABLE .— 
Subsection (d)(1) of such section 1233, as so amended, is further amended— 
(1) in the second sentence, by striking 
‘‘during fiscal year 2015 may not exceed $1,200,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘during fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $1,160,000,000’’; and 
(2) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘dur-
ing fiscal year 2015 may not exceed $1,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘during fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $900,000,000’’. 
(d) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Subsection (f) of 
such section 1233, as added by section 1223(e) of the National Defense Authorization act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2520), is amended by striking ‘‘on any’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘on any reimbursements made during such quarter under the authorities as follows: 
‘‘(1) Subsection (a). ‘‘(2) Subsection (b). ‘‘(3) Section 1224(h) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’. 
(e) E
XTENSION OF NOTICE REQUIREMENT RE-
LATING TO REIMBURSEMENT OF PAKISTAN FOR  
SUPPORT PROVIDED BY PAKISTAN .—Section 
1232(b)(6) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1222 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Act for Fiscal Year 2015, is further amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2016’’. 
(f) E
XTENSION OF LIMITATION ON REIM-
BURSEMENT OF PAKISTAN PENDING CERTIFI -
CATION ON PAKISTAN .—Section 1227(d)(1) of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2001), as so amended, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and insert-ing ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(g) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON REIMBURSE -
MENT OF PAKISTAN PENDING CERTIFICATION ON  
PAKISTAN .—Of the total amount of reim-
bursements and support authorized for Paki-stan during fiscal year 2016 pursuant to the third sentence of section 1233(d)(1) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (as amended by subsection (c)(2)), $300,000,000 shall not be eligible for the waiv-er under section 1227(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (126 Stat. 2001) unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional de-fense committees that— 
(1) Pakistan has undertaken military oper-
ations in North Waziristan that have con-tributed to significantly disrupting the safe haven and freedom of movement of the 
Haqqani network in Pakistan; 
(2) Pakistan has taken actions that have 
demonstrated a commitment to ensuring that North Waziristan does not return to being a safe haven for the Haqqani network; and 
(3) the Government of Pakistan has taken 
actions to promote stability in Afghanistan, including encouraging the participation of the Taliban in reconciliation talks with the Government of Afghanistan. 
(h) A
VAILABILITY OF CERTAIN FUNDS FOR  
STABILITY ACTIVITIES IN FATA.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the total amount of re-
imbursements and support authorized for Pakistan during fiscal year 2016 pursuant to the third sentence of section 1233(d)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2008 (as so amended), $100,000,000 may be available for stability activities un-dertaken by Pakistan in the Federally Ad-ministered Tribal Areas (FATA), including the provision of funds to the Pakistan mili-tary and the Pakistan Frontier Corps Khyber Pakhtunkhwa for activities undertaken in support of the following: 
(A) Building and maintaining border out-
posts. 
(B) Strengthening cooperative efforts be-
tween the Pakistan military and the Afghan National Defense Security Forces in activi-ties that include— 
(i) bilateral meetings to enhance border se-
curity coordination; 
(ii) sustaining critical infrastructure with-
in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas, such as maintaining key ground lines of communication; 
(iii) increasing training for the Pakistan 
Frontier Corps Khyber Pakhtunkhwa; and 
(iv) training to improve interoperability 
between the Pakistan military and the Paki-stan Frontier Corps Khyber Pakhtunkwha. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 
2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the expenditure of funds avail-able under paragraph (1), including a descrip-tion of the following: 
(A) The purpose for which such funds were 
expended. 
(B) Each organization on whose behalf such 
funds were expended, including the amount expended on such organization and the num-ber of members of such organization trained with such amount. 
(C) Any limitation imposed on the expendi-
ture of funds under that paragraph, includ-
ing on any recipient of funds or any use of funds expended. 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1233(g) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008. 
SEC. 1225. PROHIBITION ON TRANSFER TO VIO-
LENT EXTREMIST ORGANIZATIONS OF EQUIPMENT OR SUPPLIES PRO-VIDED BY THE UNITED STATES TO THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAQ. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—No assistance authorized 
by section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) may be provided to the Government of Iraq after the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to Congress, after the date of the enactment of this Act, that appropriate steps have been taken by the Government of Iraq to safeguard against transferring or otherwise providing such as-sistance to violent extremist organizations. 
(b) V
IOLENT EXTREMIST ORGANIZATION .— 
For purposes of this section, an organization is a violent extremist organization if the or-ganization— (1) is a terrorist group or is associated with 
a terrorist group; or 
(2) is known to be under the command and 
control of, or is associated with, the Govern-ment of Iran. 
(c) R
EPORTS ON TRANSFERS OF EQUIPMENT  
ORSUPPLIES TO VIOLENT EXTREMIST ORGANI -
ZATIONS .— 
(1) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 
days after the Secretary of Defense makes any determination that equipment or sup-plies provided pursuant to section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 have been transferred to a vio-lent extremist organization, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the de-termination and the transfer. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under para-
graph (1) shall include, for the transfer cov-ered by such report, the following: 
(A) An assessment of the type and quantity 
of equipment or supplies so transferred. 
(B) A description of the criteria used to de-
termine that the organization to which transferred was a violent extremist organiza-tion. 
(C) A description, if known, of how such 
equipment or supplies were transferred or ac-quired by the violent extremist organization concerned. 
(D) If such equipment or supplies are deter-
mined to remain under the current control of any violent extremist organization, a de-scription of each such organization, includ-ing its relationship, if any, with the security forces of the Government of Iraq. 
(E) A description of end use monitoring or 
other policies and procedures in place for the equipment or supplies so transferred in order prevent the transfer or acquisition of such equipment or supplies by violent extremist organizations. 
(d) S
UBMITTAL TIME FOR QUARTERLY  
PROGRESS REPORTS ON ASSISTANCE TO  
COUNTER ISIL.—Section 1236(d) of the Carl 
Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 is amended by striking ‘‘30 days thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘90 days there-after’’. 
SEC. 1226. REPORT ON LINES OF COMMUNICA-
TION OF ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND THE LEVANT AND OTHER FOR-EIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port setting forth the following: 
(1) An assessment of the lines of commu-
nication that enable the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), Jabhal al-Nusra, and other foreign terrorist organizations by facilitating the delivery of foreign fighters, funding, equipment, or other assistance through countries bordering on Syria. 
(2) An assessment of the impacts of the 
lines of communication described in para-graph (1) on the security of the United States homeland and the protection of per-sonnel and installations of the Department 
of Defense and diplomatic facilities in Eu-rope and the Middle East. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1227. MODIFICATION OF PROTECTION FOR 
AFGHAN ALLIES. 
(a) C OVERED AFGHANS .— 
(1) T ERM OF EMPLOYMENT .—Clause (ii) of 
section 602(b)(2)(A) of the Afghan Allies Pro-tection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3532 June 2, 2015 
amended by striking ‘‘year—’’ and inserting 
‘‘year, or, if submitting a petition after Sep-tember 30, 2015, for a period of not less than 2 years—’’. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) S UCCESSOR NAME FOR INTERNATIONAL  
SECURITY ASSISTANCE FORCE .—Subclause (II) 
of section 602(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended— 
(i) in the matter preceding item (aa), by 
striking ‘‘Force’’ and inserting ‘‘Force (or any successor name for such Force)’’; 
(ii) in item (aa), by striking ‘‘Force,’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Force (or any successor name for such Force),’’; and 
(iii) in item (bb), by striking ‘‘Force;’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Force (or any successor name for such Force);’’. 
(B) S
HORT TITLE .—Section 601 of the Af-
ghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 is amend-ed by striking ‘‘This Act’’ and inserting ‘‘This title’’. 
(C) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY REFERENCE .—Sec-
tion 602(c)(4) of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 is amended by striking ‘‘section 4 of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 133 of title 41, United States Code’’. 
(b) N
UMERICAL LIMITATIONS .—Subpara-
graph (F) of section 602(b)(3) of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
2015 AND  
2016’’ and inserting ‘‘ 2015, 2016, AND 2017 ’’; 
(2) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘and ending on September 
30, 2016,’’ and inserting ‘‘until such time that available special immigrant visas under sub-paragraphs (D) and (E) and this subpara-graph are exhausted,’’ and 
(B) by striking ‘‘4,000.’’ and inserting 
‘‘7,000.’’; 
(3) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘September 30, 
2015;’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016;’’; 
(4) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘December 31, 
2015;’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016;’’; and 
(5) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘March 31, 
2017.’’ and inserting ‘‘the date such visas are exhausted.’’. 
(c) R
EPORTS AND SENSE OF CONGRESS .—Sec-
tion 602(b) of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(15) R
EPORTS INFORMING THE CONCLUSION  
OF THE AFGHAN SPECIAL IMMIGRANT VISA PRO -
GRAM .—Not later than June 1, 2016, and every 
six months thereafter, the Secretary of De-fense, in conjunction with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report that contains— 
‘‘(A) a description of the United States 
force presence in Afghanistan during the pre-vious 6 months; 
‘‘(B) a description of the projected United 
States force presence in Afghanistan; 
‘‘(C) the number of citizens or nationals of 
Afghanistan who were employed by or on be-half of the entities described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) during the previous 6 months; and 
‘‘(D) the projected number of such citizens 
or nationals who will be employed by or on behalf of such entities. 
‘‘(16) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the necessity of providing spe-cial immigrant status under this subsection should be assessed at regular intervals by the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives, taking into account the scope of the current and planned presence of United States troops in Afghanistan, the current and prospective numbers of citizens and nationals of Afghan-
istan employed by or on behalf of the enti-ties described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii), and the security climate in Afghanistan.’’. 
SEC. 1228. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO SUP-
PORT OPERATIONS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE OFFICE OF SECURITY CO-OPERATION IN IRAQ. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection 
(f)(1) of section 1215 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by striking ‘‘fis-cal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(b) A
MOUNT AVAILABLE .—Such section is 
further amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 2015’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $80,000,000.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(c) S
UPERSEDING REPORT REQUIREMENTS .— 
Subsection (g) of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(g) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than Sep-
tember 30, 2015, and every 180 days thereafter until the authority in this section expires, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of State, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port on the activities of the Office of Secu-rity Cooperation in Iraq. 
‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under this 
subsection shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A current description of capability 
gaps in the security forces of Iraq, including capability gaps relating to intelligence mat-ters, protection of Iraq airspace, and logis-tics and maintenance, and a current descrip-tion of the extent, if any, to which the Gov-ernment of Iraq has requested assistance in addressing such capability gaps. 
‘‘(B) A current description of the activities 
of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq and the extent, if any, to which the programs conducted by the Office in conjunction with other United States programs (such as the Foreign Military Financing program, the Foreign Military Sales program, and the as-sistance provided pursuant to section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291)) will ad-dress the capability gaps described pursuant to subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(C) A current description of how the ac-
tivities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq are coordinated with, and com-plement and enhance, the assistance pro-vided pursuant to section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
‘‘(D) A current description of end use moni-
toring programs, and any other programs or procedures, used to improve accountability for equipment provided to the Government of Iraq. 
‘‘(E) A current description of the measures 
of effectiveness used to evaluate the activi-ties of the Office of the Security Cooperation in Iraq, and an analysis of any determina-tions to expand, alter, or terminate specific activities of the Office based on such evalua-tions. 
‘‘(F) A current evaluation of the effective-
ness of the training described in subsection (f)(2) in promoting respect for human rights, military professionalism, and respect for le-gitimate civilian authority in Iraq. 
‘‘(3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘ap-
propriate committees of Congress’ means— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Armed Services, 
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-
ate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Armed Services, 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 1229. SENSE OF SENATE ON SUPPORT FOR 
THE KURDISTAN REGIONAL GOV-ERNMENT. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-
vant (ISIL) poses an acute threat to the peo-ple and territorial integrity of Iraq, includ-ing the Iraqi Kurdistan Region, and the secu-rity and stability of the Middle East and the world; 
(2) the United States should, in coordina-
tion with coalition partners, provide, in an expeditious and responsive manner and with-out undue delay, the security forces of the Kurdistan Regional Government associated with the Government of Iraq with defense ar-ticles and assistance described in subsection (b), defense services, and related training to more effectively partner with the United States and other international coalition members to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant; 
(3) defeating the Islamic State of Iraq and 
the Levant is critical to maintaining a uni-fied Iraq in which all faiths, sects, and ethnicities are afforded equal protection and full integration into the Government and so-ciety of Iraq; 
(4) due to the threat to United States na-
tional security and a free and inclusive Iraq brought by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291) authorizes the Secretary of Defense to provide assistance, including training, equipment, logistics support, sup-plies, and services, stipends, facility and in-frastructure repair and renovation, and sustainment, to military and other security forces of or associated with the Government of Iraq, including Kurdish forces; 
(5) leaders of the Islamic State of Iraq and 
the Levant have stated that they intend to conduct terrorist attacks internationally, including against the United States, its citi-zens, and its interests; and 
(6) the Kurdistan Regional Government is 
the democratically elected government of the Iraqi Kurdistan Region, and Iraqi Kurds have been a reliable, stable, and capable partner of the United States, particularly in support of United States military and civil-ian personnel during Operation Iraqi Free-dom and Operation New Dawn. 
(b) D
EFENSE ARTICLES AND ASSISTANCE .— 
The defense articles and assistance described in this subsection include anti-tank and anti-armor weapons, armored vehicles, long- range artillery, crew-served weapons and am-munition, secure command and communica-tions equipment, body armor, helmets, logis-tics equipment, night optical devices, and other excess defense articles and military as-sistance considered appropriate by the Presi-dent. 
Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Iran 
SEC. 1241. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF 
ANNUAL REPORT ON THE MILITARY POWER OF IRAN. 
(a) E LEMENT ON CYBER CAPABILITIES IN DE-
SCRIPTION OF STRATEGY .—Paragraph (1) of 
subsection (b) of section 1245 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2542) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3533 June 2, 2015 
‘‘(D) Iranian strategy regarding offensive 
cyber capabilities and defensive cyber capa-bilities.’’. 
(b) E
LEMENTS ON CYBER CAPABILITIES IN AS-
SESSMENTS OF UNCONVENTIONAL FORCES .— 
Paragraph (3) of such subsection, as amended by section 1232(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 920), is further amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(F) offensive cyber capabilities and defen-
sive cyber capabilities; and 
‘‘(G) Iranian ability to manipulate the in-
formation environment both domestically and against the interests of the United States and its allies.’’. 
(c) E
XTENSION OF REPORTS .—Subsection (d) 
of such section 1245, as amended by section 1277 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3592), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2021’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take ef-fect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to reports re-quired to be submitted under section 1245 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, as so amended, after that date. 
Subtitle D—Matters Relating to the Russian 
Federation 
SEC. 1251. UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INI-
TIATIVE. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOPROVIDE ASSISTANCE .—Of 
the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by title XV and available for overseas contingency operations as speci-fied in the funding tables in division D, $300,000,000 may be available to the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State, to provide appropriate secu-rity assistance and intelligence support, in-cluding training, equipment, and logistics support, supplies and services, to military and other security forces of the Government of Ukraine for the purposes as follows: 
(1) To enhance the capabilities of the mili-
tary and other security forces of the Govern-ment of Ukraine to defend against further aggression. 
(2) To assist Ukraine in developing the 
combat capability to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity. 
(3) To support the Government of Ukraine 
in defending itself against actions by Russia and Russian-backed separatists that violate the ceasefire agreements of September 4, 2014, and February 11, 2015. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE SECURITY ASSISTANCE AND  
INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT .—For purposes of sub-
section (a), appropriate security assistance and intelligence support includes the fol-lowing: 
(1) Real time or near real time actionable 
intelligence. 
(2) Lethal assistance such as anti-armor 
weapon systems, mortars, crew-served weap-ons and ammunition, grenade launchers and ammunition, and small arms and ammuni-tion. 
(3) Counter-artillery radars. (4) Unmanned aerial tactical surveillance 
systems. 
(5) Cyber capabilities. (6) Counter-electronic warfare capabilities 
such as secure communications equipment and other electronic protection systems. (7) Other electronic warfare capabilities. 
(8) Training required to maintain and em-
ploy systems and capabilities described in paragraphs (1) through (7). 
(9) Training for critical combat operations 
such as planning, command and control, small unit tactics, counter-artillery tactics, logistics, countering improvised explosive devices, battle-field first aid, and medical evacuation. 
(c) F
UNDING AVAILABILITY AND LIMITA -
TION.— 
(1) T RAINING .—Up to 20 percent of the 
amount described in subsection (a) may be used to support training pursuant to section 1207 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note), relating to the Global Security Contingency Fund. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 50 percent 
of the amount described in subsection (a) may be obligated or expended until an amount equal to 20 percent of such amount has been obligated or expended for appro-priate security assistance described in sub-paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (b) for the Government of Ukraine. 
(3) A
LTERNATIVE OF FUNDS .—In the event 
funds otherwise available pursuant to sub-section (a) are not used by reason of the lim-itation in paragraph (2), such funds may be used at the discretion of the Secretary of De-fense, with concurrence of the Secretary of State, to provide security assistance and in-telligence support, including training, equip-ment, logistics support, supplies and services to military and other national-level security forces of Partnership for Peace nations other than Ukraine that the Secretary of Defense determines to be appropriate to assist such governments in preserving their sovereignty and territorial integrity against Russian ag-gression. 
(d) U
NITED STATES INVENTORY AND OTHER  
SOURCES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In addition to any assist-
ance provided pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense is authorized, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to make available to the Government of Ukraine weapons and other defense articles, from the United States inventory and other sources, and defense services, in such quan-tity as the Secretary of Defense determines to be appropriate to achieve the purposes specified in subsection (a). 
(2) R
EPLACEMENT .—Amounts for the re-
placement of any items provided to the Gov-ernment of Ukraine pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be derived from amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of De-fense for overseas contingency operations for weapons procurement. 
(e) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORIZATION .— 
Nothing in this section shall be construed to constitute a specific statutory authorization 
for the introduction of United States Armed Forces into hostilities or into situations wherein hostilities are clearly indicated by the circumstances. 
(f) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Assistance 
may not be provided under the authority in this section after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1252. EASTERN EUROPEAN TRAINING INI-
TIATIVE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense 
may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, carry out a program (to be known as the ‘‘Eastern European Training Initia-tive’’) to provide training, and pay the incre-mental expenses incurred by a country as the direct result of participation in such training, for the national military forces of the following: 
(1) A country that is a signatory to the 
Partnership for Peace Framework Docu-ments, but is not a member of the North At-lantic Treaty Organization (NATO). (2) A country that became a member of the 
North Atlantic Treaty Organization after January 1, 1999. 
(b) T
YPES OF TRAINING .—The training pro-
vided to the national military forces of a country under subsection (a) shall be limited to multilateral or regional training— 
(1) to maintain and increase interoper-
ability and readiness; 
(2) to increase capacity to respond to ex-
ternal threats; 
(3) to increase capacity to respond to hy-
brid warfare; or 
(4) to increase capacity to respond to calls 
for collective action within the North Atlan-tic Treaty Organization. 
(c) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS .—Training pro-
vided to the national military forces of a country under subsection (a) shall include elements that promote— 
(1) observance of and respect for human 
rights and fundamental freedoms; and 
(2) respect for legitimate civilian authority 
within that country. 
(d) F
UNDING .— 
(1) A NNUAL FUNDING LIMITATION .—Of the 
amounts authorized to be appropriated for a fiscal year for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance, up to $28,000,000 may be used to provide training and pay in-cremental expenses under subsection (a) in that fiscal year. 
(2) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR ACTIVITIES  
ACROSS FISCAL YEARS .—Amounts available in 
a fiscal year to carry out the authority in subsection (a) may be used for training under that authority that begins in that fiscal year and ends in the next fiscal year. 
(e) B
RIEFING TO CONGRESS ON USE OF AU-
THORITY .—Not later that 90 days after the 
end of each fiscal year in which the author-ity in subsection (a) is used, the Secretary shall brief the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives on the use of the authority dur-ing such fiscal year, including each country with which training under the authority was conducted and the types of training pro-vided. 
(f) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORITY .—The au-
thority provided in subsection (a) is in addi-tion to any other authority provided by law authorizing the provision of training for the national military forces of a foreign country, including section 2282 of title 10, United States Code. 
(g) I
NCREMENTAL EXPENSES DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘incremental ex-penses’’ means the reasonable and proper cost of the goods and services that are con-sumed by a country as a direct result of that country’s participation in training under the authority of this section, including rations, fuel, training ammunition, and transpor-tation. Such term does not include pay, al-lowances, and other normal costs of a coun-try’s personnel. 
(h) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au-
thority under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2018. Any activity under this section initiated before that date may be completed, but only using funds available for fiscal years 2016 through 2018. 
SEC. 1253. INCREASED PRESENCE OF UNITED 
STATES GROUND FORCES IN EAST-ERN EUROPE TO DETER AGGRES-SION ON THE BORDER OF THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANI-ZATION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the increased presence of United States 
and allied ground forces in Eastern Europe since April 2014 has provided a level of reas-surance to North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion (NATO) members in the region and strengthened the capability of the Organiza-tion to respond to any potential Russian ag-gression against Organization members; 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3534 June 2, 2015 
(2) at the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-
tion Wales summit in September 2014 mem-ber countries agreed on a Readiness Action Plan which is intended to improve the abil-ity of the Organization to respond quickly and effectively to security threats on the borders of the Organization, including in Eastern Europe, and the challenges posed by hybrid warfare; 
(3) the capability of the North Atlantic 
Treaty Organization to respond to threats on the eastern border of the Organization would be enhanced by a more sustained presence on the ground of Organization forces on the ter-ritories of Organization members in Eastern Europe; and 
(4) an increased presence of United States 
ground forces in Eastern Europe should be matched by an increased force presence of European allies. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of State, submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth an assessment of options for expanding the presence of United States ground forces of the size of a Brigade Combat Team in Eastern Europe to respond, along with European allies and partners, to the se-curity challenges posed by Russia and in-crease the combat capability of forces able to respond to unconventional or hybrid war-fare tactics such as those used by the Rus-sian Federation in Crimea and Eastern 
Ukraine. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report under this sub-
section shall include the following: 
(A) An evaluation of the optimal location 
or locations of the enhanced ground force presence described in paragraph (1) that con-siders such factors as— 
(i) proximity, suitability, and availability 
of maneuver and gunnery training areas; 
(ii) transportation capabilities; (iii) availability of facilities, including for 
potential equipment storage and prepositioning; 
(iv) ability to conduct multinational train-
ing and exercises; 
(v) a site or sites for prepositioning of 
equipment, a rotational presence or perma-nent presence of troops, or a combination of options; and 
(vi) costs. (B) A description of any initiatives by 
other members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, or other European allies and partners, for enhancing force presence on a permanent or rotational basis in Eastern Eu-rope to match or exceed the potential in-creased presence of United States ground forces in the region. 
SEC. 1254. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON EUROPEAN 
DEFENSE AND NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION SPENDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) North Atlantic Treaty Organization 
(NATO) countries, at the 2014 North Atlantic Treaty Organization Summit in Wales, pledged to ‘‘reverse the trend of declining de-fense budgets, to make the most effective use of our funds and to further a more bal-anced sharing of costs and responsibilities’’. 
(2) Former Secretary of Defense Chuck 
Hagel stated on May 2, 2014, that ‘‘[t]oday, America’s GDP is smaller than the combined GDPs of our 27 NATO allies. But America’s defense spending is three times our Allies’ combined defense spending. Over time, this lopsided burden threatens NATO’s integrity, cohesion, and capability, and ultimately both European and transatlantic security’’. 
(3) Former North Atlantic Treaty Organi-
zation Secretary General Anders Fogh Ras-mussen stated on July 3, 2014, that ‘‘[d]uring the last five years, Russia has increased de-
fense spending by 50 percent, while NATO al-lies on average have decrease their defense spending by 20 percent. That is not sustain-able, we need more investment in defense and security’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) it is in the national security and fiscal 
interests of the United States that prompt efforts should be undertaken by North Atlan-tic Treaty Organization allies to meet de-fense budget commitments made in Declara-tion 14 of the Wales Summit Declaration of September 2014; 
(2) the United States Government should 
continue efforts through the Department of Defense and other agencies to encourage North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies towards meeting the defense spending goals set out at the Wales Summit; 
(3) some North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-
tion allies have already taken positive steps to reverse declines in defense spending and should continue to be supported in those ef-forts; and 
(4) thoughtful and coordinated defense in-
vestments by European allies in military ca-pabilities would add deterrence value to the posture of the North Atlantic Treaty Organi-zation against Russian aggression and ter-rorist organizations and more appropriately balance the share of Atlantic defense spend-ing. 
SEC. 1255. ADDITIONAL MATTERS IN ANNUAL RE-
PORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVELOPMENTS INVOLVING THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) A DDITIONAL MATTERS .—Subsection (b) 
of section 1245 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through 
(15) as paragraphs (6) through (17), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs (4) and (5): 
‘‘(4) An assessment of the force structure 
and capabilities of Russian military forces stationed in each of the Arctic, Kaliningrad, and Crimea, including a description of any changes to such force structure or capabili-ties during the one-year period ending on the date of such report and with a particular em-phasis on the anti-access and area denial ca-pabilities of such forces. 
‘‘(5) An assessment of Russian military 
strategy and objectives for the Arctic re-gion.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to reports submitted under section 1245 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 after that date. 
SEC. 1256. REPORT ON ALTERNATIVE CAPABILI-
TIES TO PROCURE AND SUSTAIN NONSTANDARD ROTARY WING AIR-CRAFT HISTORICALLY PROCURED THROUGH ROSOBORONEXPORT. 
(a) R EPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF ALTER -
NATIVE CAPABILITIES .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition, Technology, and Logistics shall, in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth an assessment, obtained by the Under Secretary for purposes of the report, of the feasibility and advisability of using alternative indus-trial base capabilities to procure and sus-tain, with parts and service, nonstandard ro-tary wing aircraft historically acquired through Rosoboronexport, or nonstandard rotary wing aircraft that are in whole or in 
part reliant upon Rosoboronexport for con-tinued sustainment, in order to benefit United States national security interests. 
(b) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—The assess-
ment obtained for purposes of subsection (a) shall be conducted by a federally funded re-search and development center (FFRDC), or another appropriate independent entity with expertise in the procurement and sustainment of complex weapon systems, se-lected by the Under Secretary for purposes of the assessment. 
(c) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment obtained 
for purposes of subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An identification and assessment of 
international industrial base capabilities, other than Rosoboronexport, to provide one or more of the following: 
(A) Means of procuring nonstandard rotary 
wing aircraft historically procured through Rosoboronexport. 
(B) Reliable and timely supply of required 
and appropriate parts, spares, and consumables of such aircraft. 
(C) Certifiable maintenance of such air-
craft, including major periodic overhauls, damage repair, and modifications. 
(D) Access to required reference data on 
such aircraft, including technical manuals and service bulletins. 
(E) Credible certification of airworthiness 
of such aircraft through physical inspection, notwithstanding any current administrative requirements to the contrary. 
(2) An assessment (including an assessment 
of associated costs and risks) of alterations to administrative processes of the United States Government that may be required to procure any of the capabilities specified in paragraph (1), including waivers to Depart-ment of Defense or Department of State re-quirements applicable to foreign military sales or alterations to procedures for ap-proval of airworthiness certificates. 
(3) An assessment of the potential eco-
nomic impact to Rosoboronexport of pro-curing nonstandard rotary wing aircraft de-scribed in paragraph (1)(A) through entities other than Rosoboronexport. 
(4) An assessment of the risks and benefits 
of using the entities identified pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) to procure aircraft de-scribed in that paragraph. 
(5) Such other matters as the Under Sec-
retary considers appropriate. 
(d) U
SE OF PREVIOUS STUDIES .—The entity 
conducting the assessment for purposes of subsection (a) may use and incorporate infor-mation from previous studies on matters ap-propriate to the assessment. 
(e) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report under 
subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Asia- 
Pacific Region 
SEC. 1261. SOUTH CHINA SEA INITIATIVE. 
(a) A SSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, is authorized, for the purpose of in-creasing maritime security and maritime do-main awareness of foreign countries along the South China Sea— 
(A) to provide assistance to national mili-
tary or other security forces of such coun-tries that have among their functional re-sponsibilities maritime security missions; and 
(B) to provide training to ministry, agen-
cy, and headquarters level organizations for such forces. 
(2) D
ESIGNATION OF ASSISTANCE AND TRAIN -
ING.—The provision of assistance and train-
ing under this section may be referred to as the ‘‘South China Sea Initiative’’. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3535 June 2, 2015 
(b) R ECIPIENT COUNTRIES .—The foreign 
countries that may be provided assistance and training under subsection (a) are the fol-lowing: 
(1) Indonesia. (2) Malaysia, (3) The Philippines. (4) Thailand. (5) Vietnam. 
(c) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE AND TRAINING .— 
(1) A UTHORIZED ELEMENTS OF ASSISTANCE .— 
Assistance provided under subsection (a)(1)(A) may include the provision of equip-ment, supplies, training, and small-scale military construction. 
(2) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS OF ASSISTANCE AND  
TRAINING .—Assistance and training provided 
under subsection (a) shall include elements that promote the following: 
(A) Observance of and respect for human 
rights and fundamental freedoms. 
(B) Respect for legitimate civilian author-
ity within the country to which the assist-ance is provided. 
(d) P
RIORITIES FOR ASSISTANCE AND TRAIN-
ING.—In developing programs for assistance 
or training to be provided under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall accord a priority to assistance, training, or both that will enhance the maritime capabilities of the recipient foreign country, or a regional orga-nization of which the recipient country is a member, to respond to emerging threats to maritime security. 
(e) I
NCREMENTAL EXPENSES OF PERSONNEL  
OFCERTAIN OTHER COUNTRIES FOR TRAIN-
ING.— 
(1) A UTHORITY FOR PAYMENT .—If the Sec-
retary of Defense determines that the pay-ment of incremental expenses in connection with training described in subsection (a)(1)(B) will facilitate the participation in such training of organization personnel of foreign countries specified in paragraph (2), the Secretary may use amounts available under subsection (f) for assistance and train-ing under subsection (a) for the payment of such incremental expenses. 
(2) C
OVERED COUNTRIES .—The foreign coun-
tries specified in this paragraph are the fol-lowing: 
(A) Brunei. (B) Singapore. (C) Taiwan. 
(f) F
UNDING .—Funds may be used to pro-
vide assistance and training under sub-section (a) as follows: 
(1) In fiscal year 2016, $50,000,000 from 
amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for that fiscal year for operation and maintenance, De-fense-wide. 
(2) In fiscal year 2017, $75,000,000 from 
amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for that fiscal year for operation and maintenance, De-fense-wide. 
(3) In each of fiscal years 2018 through 2020, 
$100,000,000 from amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for such fiscal year for operation and main-tenance, Defense-wide. 
(g) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS ON ASSISTANCE AND  
TRAINING .—Not later than 15 days before ex-
ercising the authority under subsection (a) or (e) with respect to a recipient foreign country, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-
mit to the congressional defense committees a notification containing the following: 
(1) The recipient foreign country. (2) A detailed justification of the program 
for the provision of the assistance or train-ing concerned, and its relationship to United States security interests. 
(3) The budget for the program, including a 
timetable of planned expenditures of funds to implement the program, an implementa-tion timeline for the program with mile-stones (including anticipated delivery sched-
ules for any assistance under the program), the military department or component re-sponsible for management of the program, and the anticipated completion date for the program. 
(4) A description of the arrangements, if 
any, to support host nation sustainment of any capability developed pursuant to the program, and the source of funds to support sustainment efforts and performance out-
comes to be achieved under the program be-yond its completion date, if applicable. 
(5) A description of the program objectives 
and an assessment framework to be used to develop capability and performance metrics associated with operational outcomes for the recipient force. 
(6) Such other matters as the Secretary 
considers appropriate. 
(h) E
XPIRATION .—The authority provided 
under this section may not be exercised after September 30, 2020. 
SEC. 1262. SENSE OF CONGRESS REAFFIRMING 
THE IMPORTANCE OF IMPLE-MENTING THE REBALANCE TO THE ASIA-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The United States has a longstanding 
national interest in maintaining security in the Asia-Pacific region. 
(2) The Asia-Pacific region is home to the 
world’s three largest economies, four most populous countries, and five largest mili-taries. The Asia-Pacific’s rapid economic growth and mounting security tensions re-quire a renewed focus from the United States on the region to maintain security, expand prosperity, and support common values. 
(3) In 2011, President Barack Obama an-
nounced that the United States would rebal-ance to the Asia-Pacific. Since then, there have been a number of actions taken to strengthen the United States posture and re-lationships in the region, including the nego-tiation of the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement with the Philippines, the distrib-uted laydown of the United States Marines Corps in the Pacific, the rotational sta-tioning of the Littoral Combat Ship in Singapore, and a new comprehensive part-nership with Vietnam on defense and secu-rity. 
(4) Leaders in regional states remain con-
cerned about a variety of regional military challenges. These include China’s military modernization and its increasingly assertive actions in the East and South China Sea and North Korea’s continued belligerence and its pursuit of nuclear and ballistic missile tech-nology. United States allies and partners are looking to the United States to demonstrate its willingness and ability to maintain re-gional peace and security by fully imple-menting the rebalance to the Asia-Pacific. 
(5) In April 2015, the Commander of the 
United States Pacific Command Admiral Samuel Locklear warned, ‘‘Our relative su-periority I think has declined and continues to decline. . .we rely very heavily on power projection, which means we have to be able to get the forces forward. . .’’. Admiral Locklear also noted, ‘‘Any significant force structure moves out of my AOR in the mid-dle of a rebalance would have to be under-stood and have to be explained because it would counterintuitive to a rebalance to move significant forces in another direc-tion.’’ 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) in order to maintain the credibility of 
the United States rebalance, it is vital that the United States continue to shift forces to the Asia-Pacific region to strengthen the ability of the United States Armed Forces to project power to shape the choices of re-gional states and to deter, and if necessary 
defend, against hostile military actions; 
(2) United States allies and partners in the 
Asia-Pacific region, as well as potential ad-versaries, would take note of any withdrawal of forces from the Asia-Pacific theater; 
(3) any withdrawal of United States forces 
from Outside the Continental United States (‘‘OCONUS’’) Asia-Pacific region or from United States Pacific Command would there-fore seriously undermine the rebalance; and 
(4) in order to properly implement United 
States rebalance policy, United States forces under the operational control of the United States Pacific Command should be increased consistent with commitments already made by the Department of Defense and aligned with the requirement to maintain a balance of military power that favors the United States and United States allies in the Asia- Pacific region. 
SEC. 1263. SENSE OF SENATE ON TAIWAN ASYM-
METRIC MILITARY CAPABILITIES AND BILATERAL TRAINING ACTIVI-TIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— 
(1) the United States, in accordance with 
the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8), should continue to make available to Taiwan such defense articles and services as may be necessary to enable Taiwan to maintain a sufficient self-defense; 
(2) the United States should continue to 
support the efforts of Taiwan to integrate in-novative and asymmetric measures to bal-ance the growing military capabilities of the People’s Republic of China, including fast-at-tack craft, coastal-defense cruise missiles, rapid-runway repair systems, offensive mines, and submarines optimized for defense of the Taiwan straits; 
(3) the military forces of Taiwan should be 
permitted to participate in bilateral training activities hosted by the United States that increase credible deterrent capabilities of Taiwan, particularly those that emphasize the defense of Taiwan Island from missile at-tack, maritime blockade, and amphibious in-vasion by the People’s Republic of China; 
(4) toward that goal, Taiwan should be en-
couraged to participate in exercises that in-clude realistic air-to-air combat training, in-cluding the exercise conducted at Eielson Air Force Base, Alaska, and Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada, commonly referred to as ‘‘Red Flag’’; and 
(5) Taiwan should also be encouraged to 
participate in advanced bilateral training for its ground forces, Apache attack helicopters, and P–3C surveillance aircraft in island-de-fense scenarios. 
Subtitle F—Reports and Related Matters 
SEC. 1271. ITEM IN QUARTERLY REPORTS ON AS-
SISTANCE TO COUNTER THE IS-LAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND THE LE-VANT ON FORCES INELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE ASSISTANCE DUE TO A GROSS VIOLATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS. 
(a) I TEM IN REPORTS .—Section 1236(d) of the 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph 
‘‘(11) A list of the forces or elements of 
forces restricted from receiving assistance under subsection (a), unless waived pursuant to subsection (j), as a result of vetting re-quired by subsection (e) or section 2249e of title 10, United States Code, and a detailed description of the reasons for such restric-tion, including for each force or element— 
‘‘(A) information relating to gross viola-
tion of human rights by such force or ele-ment (including the timeframe of the alleged violation); 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3536 June 2, 2015 
‘‘(B) the source of the information de-
scribed in subparagraph (A), and an assess-ment of the veracity of the information; 
‘‘(C) the association of such force or ele-
ment with terrorist groups or groups associ-ated with the Government of Iran; and 
‘‘(D) the amount and type of any assistance 
provided such force or element by the Gov-ernment of Iran.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to reports submitted pursuant to section 1236(d) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 after that date. 
SEC. 1272. REPORT ON BILATERAL AGREEMENT 
WITH ISRAEL ON JOINT ACTIVITIES TO ESTABLISH AN ANTI-TUNNELING DEFENSE SYSTEM. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report on the feasibility and advis-ability of the entry by the United States and Israel into a bilateral agreement through which the governments of the two countries carry out research, development, and test ac-tivities on a joint basis to establish an anti- tunneling defense system to detect, map, and neutralize underground tunnels into and di-rected at the territory of Israel. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1273. SENSE OF SENATE AND REPORT ON 
QATAR FIGHTER AIRCRAFT CAPA-BILITY CONTRIBUTION TO RE-GIONAL SECURITY. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the United States should consider, in a 
timely manner, opportunities to enhance the strike capability of fighter aircraft of the Qatar air force that would contribute to Qatar’s self-defense and deter Iran’s regional ambitions and simultaneously preserve the qualitative military edge of Israel; and 
(2) Qatar should be afforded the oppor-
tunity through acquisition of appropriate technologies and exercises with the United States Armed Forces and the armed forces of partner nations to develop improved self-de-fense and counter force aviation capabilities that advanced fighter aircraft would provide. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense, shall, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, sub-mit to the congressional defense commit-tees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a re-port on the risks and benefits under consid-eration as they relate to capabilities de-scribed in subsection (a). 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) A description of the key assumptions 
regarding the increase to Qatar air force ca-pabilities as a result of potential pending transfer of technologies and weapons sys-tems. 
(B) A description of the key assumptions 
regarding items described in subparagraph (A) as they impact considerations regarding preservation of Israel’s qualitative military 
edge. 
(C) Estimated timelines for final adjudica-
tion of decisions to approve such transfers. 
(3) F
ORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1) may be submitted in classified or unclassified form. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 1281. NATO SPECIAL OPERATIONS HEAD-
QUARTERS. 
Section 1244(a) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2541), as most recently amended by section 1272(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2023), is further amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016, 2017, and 2018’’. 
SEC. 1282. TWO-YEAR EXTENSION AND MODIFICA-
TION OF AUTHORIZATION FOR NON- CONVENTIONAL ASSISTED RECOV-ERY CAPABILITIES. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 
943 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Pub-lic Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4579), as most re-cently amended by section 1261(a) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is further amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
(b) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—Subsection (a) of 
such section 943, as amended by section 1205(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1623), is further amended by strik-ing ‘‘for ‘Operation and Maintenance, De-fense-wide’’’ and inserting ‘‘for the Depart-ment of Defense for operation and mainte-nance’’. 
(c) O
VERSIGHT .—Subsection (b) of such sec-
tion 943 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(b) P ROCEDURES .—The Sec-
retary’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) P ROCEDURES AND OVERSIGHT .— 
‘‘(1) P ROCEDURES .—The Secretary’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) P ROGRAMMATIC AND POLICY OVER -
SIGHT .—The Assistant Secretary of Defense 
for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict shall have primary programmatic and policy oversight of non-conventional as-sisted recovery activities authorized by this section.’’. 
TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT 
REDUCTION 
SEC. 1301. SPECIFICATION OF COOPERATIVE 
THREAT REDUCTION FUNDS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2016 C OOPERATIVE THREAT  
REDUCTION FUNDS DEFINED .—As used in this 
title, the term ‘‘fiscal year 2016 Cooperative Threat Reduction funds’’ means the funds appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 301 and made available by the funding table in section 4301 for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711). 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Funds appro-
priated pursuant to the authorization of ap-propriations in section 301 and made avail-able by the funding table in section 4301 for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program shall be available for obligation for fiscal years 2016, 2017, and 2018. 
SEC. 1302. FUNDING ALLOCATIONS. 
Of the $358,496,000 authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2016 in section 301 and made avail-able by the funding table in section 4301 for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense 
Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711), the following amounts may be obli-gated for the purposes specified: 
(1) For strategic offensive arms elimi-
nation, $1,289,000. 
(2) For chemical weapons destruction, 
$942,000. 
(3) For global nuclear security, $20,555,000. (4) For cooperative biological engagement, 
$264,608,000. 
(5) For proliferation prevention, $38,945,000. (6) For threat reduction engagement, 
$2,827,000. 
(7) For activities designated as Other As-
sessments/Administrative Costs, $29,320,000. 
TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Programs 
SEC. 1401. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for pro-viding capital for working capital and re-volving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1402. NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the National Defense Sealift Fund, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1403. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS 
DESTRUCTION, DEFENSE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for Chemical Agents and Muni-tions Destruction, Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
(b) U
SE.—Amounts authorized to be appro-
priated under subsection (a) are authorized for— 
(1) the destruction of lethal chemical 
agents and munitions in accordance with section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521); and 
(2) the destruction of chemical warfare ma-
teriel of the United States that is not cov-ered by section 1412 of such Act. 
SEC. 1404. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- 
DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter- Drug Activities, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1405. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for the Office of the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Defense, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1406. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4501, for use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense in providing for the health of eligible beneficiaries. 
Subtitle B—Other Matters 
SEC. 1411. AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
TO JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE-DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEM-ONSTRATION FUND FOR CAPTAIN JAMES A. LOVELL HEALTH CARE CENTER, ILLINOIS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS .— 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by section 1406 and available for the Defense Health Program for operation and mainte-nance, $120,400,000 may be transferred by the 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3537 June 2, 2015 
Secretary of Defense to the Joint Depart-
ment of Defense–Department of Veterans Af-fairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund established by subsection (a)(1) of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2571). For purposes of subsection (a)(2) of such section 1704, any funds so trans-ferred shall be treated as amounts author-ized and appropriated specifically for the purpose of such a transfer. 
(b) U
SE OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS .—For the 
purposes of subsection (b) of such section 1704, facility operations for which funds transferred under subsection (a) may be used are operations of the Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, con-sisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility under an operational agreement covered by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Pub-lic Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). 
SEC. 1412. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
FOR ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
There is hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 from the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund the sum of $64,300,000 for the operation of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
SEC. 1413. INSPECTIONS OF THE ARMED FORCES 
RETIREMENT HOME BY THE INSPEC-TOR GENERAL OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NSPECTIONS .—Subsection (b)(1) of sec-
tion 1518 of the Armed Forces Retirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 418) is amended by striking ‘‘a comprehensive inspection of all aspects of each facility of the Retirement Home’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘an inspection of the Retirement Home. The In-spector General shall determine the scope of each such inspection using a risk-based anal-ysis of the operations of the Retirement Home.’’. 
(b) R
EPORTS .—Subsection (c)(1) of such sec-
tion is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘Not later than 90 days after com-pleting the inspection of the facility, the In-spector General’’ and inserting ‘‘The Inspec-tor General’’. 
TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-
TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 1501. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this subtitle is to authorize 
appropriations for the Department of De-fense for fiscal year 2016 to provide addi-tional funds for overseas contingency oper-ations being carried out by the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 1502. OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-
ATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the Depart-ment of Defense for overseas contingency op-erations in such amounts as may be des-ignated as provided in section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985. 
SEC. 1503. PROCUREMENT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for procurement accounts for the Army, the Navy and the Ma-rine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activities, as specified in the funding table in section 4102. 
SEC. 1504. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND 
EVALUATION. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Department of Defense for research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation, as specified in 
the funding table in section 4202. 
SEC. 1505. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for ex-penses, not otherwise provided for, for oper-ation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4302. 
SEC. 1506. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for ex-penses, not otherwise provided for, for mili-tary personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4402. 
SEC. 1507. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for pro-viding capital for working capital and re-volving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1508. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- 
DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter- Drug Activities, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1509. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for the Office of the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Defense, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1510. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1511. COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS 
FUND. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for the Counterterrorism Partner-ships Fund, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
(b) D
URATION OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts 
appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in subsection (a) shall re-main available for obligation through Sep-tember 30, 2017. 
Subtitle B—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1521. TREATMENT AS ADDITIONAL AUTHOR-
IZATIONS. 
The amounts authorized to be appropriated 
by this title are in addition to amounts oth-erwise authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
SEC. 1522. SPECIAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOTRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— 
(1) A UTHORITY .—Upon determination by 
the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Sec-retary may transfer amounts of authoriza-tions made available to the Department of Defense in this title for fiscal year 2016 be-tween any such authorizations for that fiscal year (or any subdivisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of au-
thorizations that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this subsection may 
not exceed $4,000,000,000. 
(b) T ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Transfers 
under this section shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as transfers under section 1001. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—The transfer 
authority provided by this section is in addi-tion to the transfer authority provided under section 1001. 
Subtitle C—Limitations, Reports, and Other 
Matters 
SEC. 1531. AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES 
FUND. 
(a) C ONTINUATION OF PRIOR AUTHORITIES  
ANDNOTICE AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— 
Funds available to the Department of De-fense for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2016 shall be subject to the conditions contained in subsections (b) through (g) of section 1513 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 428), as amended by section 1531(b) of the Ike Skel-ton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4424). 
(b) E
XTENSION OF AUTHORITY TOACCEPT  
CERTAIN EQUIPMENT .—Section 1532(b)(1) of 
the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Acts enacted before the date of the en-actment of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’. 
SEC. 1532. JOINT IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE DE-
VICE DEFEAT FUND. 
(a) U SE AND TRANSFER OF FUNDS .—Sub-
sections (b) and (c) of section 1514 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2439), as in effect before the amend-ments made by section 1503 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4649), shall apply to the funds made available to the Department of Defense for the Joint Improvised Explosive Device De-feat Fund for fiscal year 2016. 
(b) E
XTENSION OF INTERDICTION OF IMPRO -
VISED EXPLOSIVE DEVICE PRECURSOR CHEMI-
CALS AUTHORITY .—Section 1532(c) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2057) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and for 
fiscal year 2016,’’ after ‘‘fiscal year 2013,’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (4), as most recently 
amended by section 1533(c) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
(c) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR CER-
TAIN ASSIGNMENTS OF PERSONNEL .—None of 
the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fis-cal year 2016 for the Joint Improvised Explo-sive Device Defeat Organization may be used for the purposes of the Joint Improvised Ex-plosive Device Defeat Organization assigning personnel or contractors on a permanent or temporary basis, or as a detail, to the com-batant commands or associated military components, or the combat support agencies, unless such personnel or contractors are sup-porting— 
(1) Operation Freedom’s Sentinel or any 
successor operation to that operation; 
(2) Operation Inherent Resolve or any suc-
cessor operation to that operation; or 
(3) another operation that, as determined 
by the Secretary of Defense, requires the di-rect support of the Joint Improvised Explo-sive Device Defeat Organization. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3538 June 2, 2015 
(d) N OTICE TO CONGRESS .—If after the date 
of the enactment of this Act the Secretary of Defense makes a determination described in subsection (c)(3) that an operation requires the direct support of the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a notice of the deter-mination and the reasons for the determina-tion. 
(e) L
IMITATION ON IMPLEMENTATION OF  
JIEDDO ASCOMBAT SUPPORT AGENCY .—Re-
lating to the determination by the Deputy Secretary of Defense on March 11, 2015, to make the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization a combat support agen-cy, the Secretary of Defense is prohibited from implementing such determination until 90 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the congressional defense com-mittees a report setting forth the following 
(1) A detailed plan for the disposition of 
the Organization as a combat support agen-cy, including the enduring requirements and key functions of the Organization, the chain of command for the Organization, and fund-ing for the Organization as such an agency. 
(2) A statement of potential alternative 
means to achieving the objective of desig-nating the Organization as a combat support agency, including the assumption of one or more functions of the Organization by one or more other components or elements of the Department of Defense, and an assessment of the feasibility and advisability of each such alternative. 
SEC. 1533. AVAILABILITY OF JOINT IMPROVISED 
EXPLOSIVE DEVICE DEFEAT FUND FUNDS FOR TRAINING OF FOREIGN SECURITY FORCES TO DEFEAT IM-PROVISED EXPLOSIVE DEVICES. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Of the 
amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Joint Improvised Ex-plosive Device Defeat Fund, up to $30,000,000 may be available to provide training to for-eign security forces in defeating improvised explosive devices under authority provided the Department of Defense under any other provision of law. 
(b) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AVAILABILITY OF  
FUNDS .—The availability of funds under sub-
section (a) shall not be construed as author-ity in and of itself for the provision of train-ing as described in that subsection. 
(c) G
EOGRAPHIC LIMITATION .—Training may 
be provided using funds available under sub-section (a) only— 
(1) in locations in which the Department of 
Defense is conducting a named operation; or 
(2) in geographic areas in which the Sec-
retary of Defense has determined that a for-eign security force is facing a significant threat from improvised explosive devices. 
(d) C
OORDINATION WITHGEOGRAPHIC COM-
BATANT COMMANDS .—The Secretary shall, to 
the extent practicable, coordinate the provi-sion of training using funds available under subsection (a) with requests received from the commanders of the geographic combat-ant commands. 
(e) E
XPIRATION .—The authority to use 
funds described in subsection (a) in accord-ance with this section shall expire on Decem-ber 31, 2018. 
TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, 
CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Space Activities 
SEC. 1601. INTEGRATED POLICY TO DETER AD-
VERSARIES IN SPACE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall es-
tablish an interagency process to provide for the development of a policy to deter adver-saries in space— 
(1) with the objectives of— (A) reducing risks to the United States and 
allies of the United States in space; and (B) protecting and preserving the rights, 
access, capabilities, use, and freedom of ac-tion of the United States in space and the right of the United States to respond to an attack in space and, if necessary, deny ad-versaries the use of space capabilities hostile to the national interests of the United States; and 
(2) that integrates the interests and re-
sponsibilities of the agencies participating in the process. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the policy developed pursuant to sub-section (a). 
(2) F
UNDING RESTRICTION .—If the President 
has not submitted the policy developed under subsection (a) and the answers to En-closure 1, regarding offensive space control policy, of the classified annex to this Act, to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives by the date required by paragraph (1), an amount equal to $10,000,000 of the amount au-thorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 to provide support serv-ices to the Executive Office of the President shall be withheld from obligation or expendi-ture until the policy and such answers are submitted to such Committees. 
(3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required 
by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1602. PRINCIPAL ADVISOR ON SPACE CON-
TROL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 135 of title 10, 
United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2279a. Principal Advisor on Space Control 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall designate an individual to serve as the Principal Space Control Advisor, who shall act as the principal advisor to the Sec-retary on space control activities. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Principal 
Space Control Advisor shall be responsible for the following: 
‘‘(1) Supervision of space control activities 
related to the development, procurement, and employment of, and strategy relating to, space control capabilities. 
‘‘(2) Oversight of policy, resources, per-
sonnel, and acquisition and technology relat-ing to space control activities. 
‘‘(c) C
ROSS-FUNCTIONAL TEAM.—The Prin-
cipal Space Control Advisor shall integrate the space control expertise and perspectives of appropriate organizational entities of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Staff, the military departments, the Defense Agencies, and the combatant commands, by establishing and maintaining a full-time, cross-functional team of subject-matter ex-perts from those entities.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2799 the following new item: 
‘‘2279a. Principal Advisor on Space Control.’’. 
SEC. 1603. EXCEPTION TO THE PROHIBITION ON 
CONTRACTING WITH RUSSIAN SUP-PLIERS OF ROCKET ENGINES FOR THE EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM. 
Section 1608 of the Carl Levin and Howard 
P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 
113–291; 128 Stat. 3626; 10 U.S.C. 2271 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘sub-
sections (b) and (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (b), (c), and (d)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PHASE 1A C OMPETI -
TIVE OPPORTUNITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For not more than 9 
competitive opportunities described in para-graph (2), the Secretary of Defense may award a contract— 
‘‘(A) requiring the use of a rocket engine 
designed or manufactured in the Russian Federation that is eligible for a waiver under subsection (b) or an exception under sub-section (c); or 
‘‘(B) if a rocket engine described in sub-
paragraph (A) is not available, requiring the use of a rocket engine designed or manufac-tured in the Russian Federation that is not eligible for such a waiver or exception. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPETITIVE OPPORTUNITIES DE -
SCRIBED .—A competitive opportunity de-
scribed in this paragraph is— 
‘‘(A) an opportunity to compete for a con-
tract for the procurement of property or services for space launch activities under the evolved expendable launch vehicle program; and 
‘‘(B) one of the 9 Phase 1A competitive op-
portunities for fiscal years 2015 through 2017, as specified in the budget justification mate-rials submitted to Congress in support of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2016 (as submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code).’’. 
SEC. 1604. ELIMINATION OF LAUNCH CAPABILI-
TIES CONTRACTS UNDER EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided by 
subsections (b) and (c), on and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense may not award or renew a con-tract, or maintain a separate contract line item, for the procurement of property or services for space launch capabilities under the evolved expendable launch vehicle pro-gram. 
(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense may 
waive the prohibition under subsection (a) and award or renew a contract or maintain a separate contract line item for the procure-ment of property or services for space launch capabilities if the Secretary of Defense de-termines, and reports to the congressional defense committees not later than 30 days before the waiver takes effect, that— 
(1) awarding or renewing such a contract 
or maintaining such a contract line item is necessary for the national security interests of the United States and the contract or con-tract line item does not support space launch activities using rocket engines designed or manufactured in the Russian Federation; and 
(2) failing to award or renew such a con-
tract or maintain such a contract line item will have significant consequences to na-tional security and will result in the signifi-cant loss of life or property or economic harm. 
(c) E
XCEPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The prohibition under 
subsection (a) shall not apply to the place-ment of orders or the exercise of options under the contract numbered FA8811–13–C– 0003 and awarded on December 18, 2013. 
(2) T
ERMINATION .—The exception under 
paragraph (1) shall terminate on September 30, 2019. 
(d) S
PACE LAUNCH CAPABILITIES DEFINED .— 
In this section, the term ‘‘space launch capa-bilities’’ includes all work associated with space launch infrastructure maintenance and sustainment, program management, systems engineering, launch site operations, launch site depreciation, and maintenance commod-ities. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3539 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 1605. ALLOCATION OF FUNDING FOR 
EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VE-HICLE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amount requested in 
the budget of the President submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2017, 2018, or 2019 for the Air Force for the launch of Air Force satellites under the evolved expend-
able launch vehicle launch capability pro-gram shall bear the same ratio to the total amount requested in that budget for that fis-cal year for the launch of national security satellites under the evolved expendable launch vehicle launch capability program as the amount requested in that budget for that fiscal year for the procurement of cores for the Air Force for the launch of Air Force satellites under the evolved expendable launch vehicle launch services program bears to the total amount requested in that budget for that fiscal year for the procure-ment of cores for the launch of national se-curity satellites under the evolved expend-able launch vehicle launch services program. 
(b) N
ATIONAL SECURITY SATELLITE DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘national 
security satellite’’ is a satellite launched for national security purposes, including such a satellite launched by the Air Force, the Navy, or the National Reconnaissance Office, or any other element of the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 1606. INCLUSION OF PLAN FOR DEVELOP-
MENT AND FIELDING OF A FULL-UP ENGINE IN ROCKET PROPULSION SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 1604(b) of the Carl Levin and How-
ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3623; 10 U.S.C. 2273 note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) a plan for the development and field-
ing of a full-up engine.’’. 
SEC. 1607. LIMITATIONS ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR THE DEFENSE METE-OROLOGICAL SATELLITE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Defense Meteorological Satellite pro-gram (PE# 0305160F and line number MS0554) or for the launch of Defense Meteorological Satellite program satellite #20 (in this sec-tion referred to as ‘‘DMSP20’’), and none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2015 for that program or the launch of DMSP20 that remain available for obligation as of the date of the enactment of this Act, may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff jointly certify to the congres-sional defense committees that— 
(1) relying on civil and international con-
tributions to meet space-based environ-mental monitoring requirements is insuffi-cient or is a risk to national security and launching DMSP20 will meet those require-ments; 
(2) launching DMSP20 is the most afford-
able solution to meeting requirements vali-dated by the Joint Requirements Oversight Council; and 
(3) nonmaterial solutions within the De-
partment of Defense, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion are incapable of meeting the cloud char-acterization and theater weather require-ments validated by the Joint Requirements Oversight Council. 
(b) C
OMPARATIVE COST AND CAPABILITY AS-
SESSMENT .—If the Secretary and the Chair-man determine that a material solution is 
required to meet the cloud characterization and theater weather requirements validated by the Joint Requirements Oversight Coun-cil, the Secretary and the Chairman shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees a cost and capability assessment that compares the cost of meeting those re-quirements with DMSP20 and with an alter-nate material solution that includes electro- optical infrared weather imaging or other comparable solutions. 
SEC. 1608. QUARTERLY REPORTS ON GLOBAL PO-
SITIONING SYSTEM III SPACE SEG-MENT, GLOBAL POSITIONING SYS-TEM OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEG-MENT, AND MILITARY GLOBAL POSI-TIONING SYSTEM USER EQUIPMENT ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, the Sec-retary of the Air Force shall submit to the Comptroller General of the United States a report on the Global Positioning System III space segment, the Global Positioning Sys-tem operational control segment, and the Military Global Positioning System user equipment acquisition programs. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by 
subsection (a) shall include, with respect to an acquisition program specified in that sub-section, the following: 
(1) A statement of the status of the pro-
gram with respect to cost, schedule, and per-formance. 
(2) A description of any changes to the re-
quirements of the program. 
(3) A description of any technical risks im-
pacting the cost, schedule, and performance of the program. 
(4) An assessment of how such risks are to 
be addressed and the costs associated with such risks. 
(5) An assessment of the extent to which 
the segments of the program are syn-chronized. 
(c) B
RIEFINGS BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL .— 
The Comptroller General shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on a report submitted under subsection (a)— 
(1) in the case of the first such report, not 
later than 30 days after receiving that re-port; and 
(2) as the Comptroller General considers 
appropriate thereafter. 
(d) T
ERMINATION .—The requirement under 
subsection (a) shall terminate with respect to an acquisition program specified in that subsection on the date on which that pro-gram reaches full operational capability. 
SEC. 1609. PLAN FOR CONSOLIDATION OF ACQUI-
SITION OF COMMERCIAL SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 
31, 2016, the Department of Defense Execu-tive Agent for Space shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a plan for the consolidation, during the three-year period beginning on the date on which the plan is submitted, of the acquisition of commercial satellite communications services from across the Department of Defense into a pro-gram office in the Space and Missile Systems Center of the Air Force. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The plan required by sub-
section (a) shall include— 
(A) an assessment of the management and 
overhead costs relating to the acquisition of commercial satellite communications serv-ices across the Department of Defense; and 
(B) an estimate of— (i) the costs of implementing the consoli-
dation of the acquisition of such services de-scribed in subsection (a); and 
(ii) the projected savings of the consolida-
tion. (2) V
ALIDATION BY DIRECTOR OF COST AS -
SESSMENT AND PROGRAM EVALUATION .—The 
assessment required by paragraph (1)(A) and the estimates required by paragraph (1)(B) shall be validated by the Director of Cost As-sessment and Program Evaluation. 
SEC. 1610. COUNCIL ON OVERSIGHT OF THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE POSI-TIONING, NAVIGATION, AND TIMING ENTERPRISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 135 of title 10, 
United States Code, as amended by section 1602, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2279b. Council on Oversight of the Depart-
ment of Defense Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Enterprise 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is within the 
Department of Defense a council to be known as the ‘Council on Oversight of the Department of Defense Positioning, Naviga-tion, and Timing Enterprise’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Council’). 
‘‘(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The members of the 
Council shall be as follows: 
‘‘(1) The Under Secretary of Defense for 
Policy. 
‘‘(2) The Under Secretary of Defense for 
Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. 
‘‘(3) The Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs 
of Staff. 
‘‘(4) The Commander of the United States 
Strategic Command. 
‘‘(5) The Commander of the United States 
Northern Command. 
‘‘(6) The Commander of United States 
Cyber Command. 
‘‘(7) The Director of the National Security 
Agency. 
‘‘(8) The Chief Information Officer of the 
Department of Defense. 
‘‘(9) Such other officers of the Department 
of Defense as the Secretary may designate. 
‘‘(c) C O-CHAIR .—The Council shall be co- 
chaired by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—(1) The Council 
shall be responsible for oversight of the De-partment of Defense positioning, navigation, and timing enterprise, including positioning, navigation, and timing services provided to civil, commercial, scientific, and inter-national users. 
‘‘(2) In carrying out the responsibility for 
oversight of the Department of Defense posi-tioning, navigation, and timing enterprise as specified in paragraph (1), the Council shall be responsible for the following: 
‘‘(A) Oversight of performance assessments 
(including interoperability). 
‘‘(B) Vulnerability identification and miti-
gation. 
‘‘(C) Architecture development. ‘‘(D) Resource prioritization. ‘‘(E) Such other responsibilities as the Sec-
retary of Defense shall specify for purposes of this section. 
‘‘(e) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—At the same time 
each year that the budget of the President is submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, the Council shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the activities of the Council. Each report shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A description and assessment of the 
activities of the Council during the previous fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) A description of the activities pro-
posed to be undertaken by the Council dur-ing the period covered by the current future- years defense program under section 221 of this title. 
‘‘(3) Any changes to the requirements of 
the Department of Defense positioning, navi-gation, and timing enterprise made during 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3540 June 2, 2015 
the previous year, along with an explanation 
for why the changes were made and a de-scription of the effects of the changes to the capability of such enterprise. 
‘‘(4) A breakdown of each program element 
in such budget that relates to the Depart-ment of Defense positioning, navigation, and timing enterprise, including how such pro-gram element relates to the operation and sustainment, research and development, pro-curement, or other activity of such enter-prise. 
‘‘(f) B
UDGET AND FUNDING MATTERS .—(1) 
Not later than 30 days after the President submits to Congress the budget for a fiscal year under section 1105(a) of title 31, the Commander of the United States Strategic Command shall submit to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff an assessment of— 
‘‘(A) whether such budget allows the Fed-
eral Government to meet the required capa-bilities of the Department of Defense posi-tioning, navigation, and timing enterprise during the fiscal year covered by the budget and the four subsequent fiscal years; and 
‘‘(B) if the Commander determines that 
such budget does not allow the Federal Gov-ernment to meet such required capabilities, a description of the steps being taken to meet such required capabilities. 
‘‘(2) Not later than 30 days after the date 
on which the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff receives the assessment of the Com-mander of the United States Strategic Com-mand under paragraph (1), the Chairman shall submit to the congressional defense committees— 
‘‘(A) such assessment as it was submitted 
to the Chairman; and 
‘‘(B) any comments of the Chairman. 
‘‘(3) If a House of Congress adopts a bill au-
thorizing or appropriating funds for the ac-tivities of the Department of Defense posi-tioning, navigation, and timing enterprise that, as determined by the Council, provides insufficient funds for such activities for the period covered by such bill, the Council shall notify the congressional defense committees of the determination. 
‘‘(g) N
OTIFICATION OF ANOMALIES .—(1) The 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees written noti-fication of an anomaly in the Department of Defense positioning, navigation, and timing enterprise that is reported to the Secretary or the Council by not later than 14 days after the date on which the Secretary or the Coun-cil learns of such anomaly, as the case may be. 
‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘anomaly’ 
means any unplanned, irregular, or abnormal event, whether unexplained or caused inten-tionally or unintentionally by a person or a system. 
‘‘(h) T
ERMINATION .—The Council shall ter-
minate on the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 1602, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 2799a the following new item: 
‘‘2279b. Council on Oversight of the Depart-
ment of Defense Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Enter-prise.’’. 
SEC. 1611. ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES FOR 
WIDE-BAND COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall conduct an analysis of alternatives for a follow-on wide-band communications sys-tem to the Wideband Global SATCOM Sys-tem that includes space, air, and ground layer communications capabilities of the De-partment of Defense. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 
March 31, 2017, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port on the analysis conducted under sub-section (a). 
SEC. 1612. EXPANSION OF GOALS FOR PILOT PRO-
GRAM FOR ACQUISITION OF COM-MERCIAL SATELLITE COMMUNICA-TION SERVICES. 
Section 1605(b) of the Carl Levin and How-
ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3623; 10 U.S.C. 2208 note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(5) demonstrates the potential to achieve 
order-of-magnitude improvements in sat-ellite communications capability.’’. 
SEC. 1613. STREAMLINE COMMERCIAL SPACE 
LAUNCH ACTIVITIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that eliminating duplicative re-quirements and approvals for commercial launch and reentry operations will promote and encourage the development of the com-
mercial space sector. 
(b) R
EAFFIRMATION OF POLICY .—Congress 
reaffirms that the Secretary of Transpor-tation, in overseeing and coordinating com-mercial launch and reentry operations, should— 
(1) promote commercial space launches and 
reentries by the private sector; 
(2) facilitate Government, State, and pri-
vate sector involvement in enhancing United States launch sites and facilities; 
(3) protect public health and safety, safety 
of property, national security interests, and foreign policy interests of the United States; and 
(4) consult with the head of another execu-
tive agency, including the Secretary of De-fense or the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, as necessary to provide consistent application of licensing requirements under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-
portation under section 50918 of title 51, United States Code, and subject to section 50905(b)(2)(C) of that title, shall consult with the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, and the heads of other execu-tive agencies, as appropriate— 
(A) to identify all requirements that are 
imposed to protect the public health and safety, safety of property, national security interests, and foreign policy interests of the United States relevant to any commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial re-entry of a reentry vehicle; and 
(B) to evaluate the requirements identified 
in subparagraph (A) and, in coordination with the licensee or transferee and the heads of the relevant executive agencies— 
(i) determine whether the satisfaction of a 
requirement of one agency could result in the satisfaction of a requirement of another agency; and 
(ii) resolve any inconsistencies and remove 
any outmoded or duplicative requirements or approvals of the Federal Government rel-evant to any commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehicle. 
(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter until the Secretary of Trans-portation determines no outmoded or dupli-cative requirements or approvals of the Fed-eral Government exist, the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the 
Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration, the commercial space sector, and the heads of other executive agencies, as ap-propriate, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the congressional defense committees a report that includes the fol-lowing: 
(A) A description of the process for the ap-
plication for and approval of a permit or li-cense under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, for the commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehicle, including the identification of— 
(i) any unique requirements for operating 
on a United States Government launch site, reentry site, or launch property; and 
(ii) any inconsistent, outmoded, or duplica-
tive requirements or approvals. 
(B) A description of current efforts, if any, 
to coordinate and work across executive agencies to define interagency processes and procedures for sharing information, avoiding duplication of effort, and resolving common agency requirements. 
(C) Recommendations for legislation that 
may further— 
(i) streamline requirements in order to im-
prove efficiency, reduce unnecessary costs, resolve inconsistencies, remove duplication, and minimize unwarranted constraints; and 
(ii) consolidate or modify requirements 
across affected agencies into a single appli-cation set that satisfies the requirements identified in paragraph (1)(A). 
(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
section— 
(A) any applicable definitions set forth in 
section 50902 of title 51, United States Code, shall apply; 
(B) the terms ‘‘launch’’, ‘‘reenter’’, and 
‘‘reentry’’ include landing of a launch vehi-cle or reentry vehicle; and 
(C) the terms ‘‘United States Government 
launch site’’ and ‘‘United States Government reentry site’’ include any necessary facility, at that location, that is commercially oper-ated on United States Government property. 
Subtitle B—Cyber Warfare, Cyber Security, 
and Related Matters 
SEC. 1621. AUTHORIZATION OF MILITARY CYBER 
OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 130g. Authorities concerning military cyber 
operations 
‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall develop, 
prepare, coordinate, and, when authorized by the President to do so, conduct a military cyber operation in response to malicious cyber activity carried out against the United States or a United States person by a foreign power (as defined in section 101 of the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801)).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 3 of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘130g. Authorities concerning military cyber 
operations.’’. 
SEC. 1622. DESIGNATION OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE ENTITY RESPONSIBLE FOR ACQUISITION OF CRITICAL CYBER CAPABILITIES. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, for each crit-ical cyber capability described in paragraph (2), designate an entity of the Department of 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3541 June 2, 2015 
Defense to be responsible for the acquisition 
of the critical cyber capability. 
(2) C RITICAL CYBER CAPABILITIES DE -
SCRIBED .—The critical cyber capabilities de-
scribed in this paragraph are all of the cyber capabilities that the Secretary considers critical to the mission of the Department of Defense, including the following: 
(A) The Unified Platform. (B) A persistent cyber training environ-
ment. 
(C) A cyber situational awareness and bat-
tle management system. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the 
designations made under subsection (a). 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) Identification of each designation made 
under subsection (a). 
(B) Estimates of the funding requirements 
and acquisition timelines for each critical cyber capability for which a designation was made under subsection (a). 
(C) An explanation of whether critical 
cyber capabilities could be acquired more quickly with changes to acquisition authori-ties. 
(D) Such recommendations as the Sec-
retary may have for legislation or adminis-trative action to improve the acquisition of, or acquire more quickly, the critical cyber capabilities for which designations are made under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1623. INCENTIVE FOR SUBMITTAL TO CON-
GRESS BY PRESIDENT OF INTE-GRATED POLICY TO DETER ADVER-SARIES IN CYBERSPACE. 
Until the President submits to the con-
gressional defense committees the report re-quired by section 941 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (127 Stat. 837; Public Law 113–66), $10,000,000 of the unobligated balance of the amounts ap-propriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense to provide sup-port services to the Executive Office of the President may not be obligated or expended. 
SEC. 1624. AUTHORIZATION FOR PROCUREMENT 
OF RELOCATABLE SENSITIVE COM-PARTMENTED INFORMATION FACIL-ITY. 
Of the unobligated amounts appropriated 
or otherwise made available in fiscal years 2014 and 2015 for procurement for the Army, $10,600,000 may be used for the procurement of a relocatable Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility for the Cyber Center of Excellence at Fort Gordon, Georgia, as de-scribed in the reprogramming action prior approval request submitted by the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) to Con-gress on February 6, 2015. 
SEC. 1625. EVALUATION OF CYBER 
VULNERABILITIES OF MAJOR WEAP-ON SYSTEMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) E VALUATION REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall complete an evaluation of the cyber vulnerabilities of each major weapon system of the Department of Defense by not later than December 31, 2019. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirement of paragraph (1) with re-spect to a weapon system or complete the evaluation of a weapon system required by such paragraph after the date specified in such paragraph if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees before that date that all known cyber vulnerabilities in the weapon system have minimal consequences for the capability of the weapon system to meet operational re-quirements or otherwise satisfy mission re-quirements. (b) P
LAN FOR EVALUATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees the plan of the Secretary for the evaluations of major weap-on systems required by subsection (a), in-cluding an identification of each of the weap-on systems to be evaluated and an estimate of the funding required to conduct the eval-uations. 
(2) P
RIORITY IN EVALUATIONS .—The plan 
under paragraph (1) shall accord a priority among evaluations based on the criticality of major weapon systems, as determined by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff based on an assessment of employment of forces and threats. 
(3) I
NTEGRATION WITH OTHER EFFORTS .—The 
plan under paragraph (1) shall build upon ex-isting efforts regarding the identification and mitigation of cyber vulnerabilities of major weapon systems, and shall not dupli-cate similar ongoing efforts such as ‘‘Task Force Cyber Awakening’’ of the Navy or ‘‘Task Force Cyber Secure’’ of the Air Force. 
(c) S
TATUS ON PROGRESS .—On a regular 
basis, the Secretary shall inform the con-gressional defense committees of the activi-ties undertaken in the evaluation of major weapon systems under this section. 
(d) R
ISKMITIGATION STRATEGIES .—As part 
of the evaluation of cyber vulnerabilities of major weapon systems of the Department under this section, the Secretary shall de-velop strategies for mitigating the risks of cyber vulnerabilities identified in the course of such evaluations. 
(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Of 
amounts appropriated or otherwise made available under section 201, $200,000,000 shall be available to the Secretary to conduct the evaluations required by subsection (a)(1). 
SEC. 1626. ASSESSMENT OF CAPABILITIES OF 
UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND TO DEFEND THE UNITED STATES FROM CYBER ATTACKS. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Principal Cyber Advi-
sor, with the assistance of the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics, shall sponsor an inde-pendent panel to assess the ability of the Na-tional Mission Forces of the United States Cyber Command to reliably prevent or block large-scale attacks on the United States by foreign powers with capabilities comparable to the capabilities of China, Iran, North Korea, and Russia expected in the years 2020 and 2025. 
(2) I
NDEPENDENT EXPERTS .—The panel spon-
sored under paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) independent experts in cyber warfare 
technology, intelligence, and operations; and 
(B) independent experts in non-cyber mili-
tary operations. 
(b) W ARGAMES .—The Chairman of the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff, in consultation with the Principal Cyber Advisor, shall conduct a series of war games through the Warfighting Analysis Division of the Force Structure, Resources, and Assessment Directorate to assess the strategy, assumptions, and capa-bilities of the United States Cyber Command to prevent large-scale cyber attacks by for-eign powers with capabilities described in subsection (a)(1) from reaching United States targets. 
(c) F
INDINGS .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(1) the Principal Cyber Advisor shall con-
vey to the congressional defense committees the findings of the Principal Cyber Advisor with respect to the assessment conducted by the panel sponsored under subsection (a)(1); and 
(2) the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of 
Staff shall convey to the congressional de-fense committees the findings of the Chair-
man with respect to the war games con-ducted under subsection (b)(1). 
(d) F
OREIGN POWER DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘foreign power’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the 
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
SEC. 1627. BIENNIAL EXERCISES ON RESPONDING 
TO CYBER ATTACKS AGAINST CRIT-ICAL INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) B IENNIAL EXERCISES REQUIRED .—Not 
less frequently than once every two years until the date that is six years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the heads of the critical infrastructure sector- specific agencies designated under Presi-dential Policy Directive–21 (entitled ‘‘Crit-ical Infrastructure Security Resilience’’ and dated February 12, 2013) and in consultation with governors of the States and the owners and operators of critical infrastructure, or-ganize and execute one or more exercises based on scenarios in which— 
(1) critical infrastructure of the United 
States is attacked through cyberspace; and 
(2) the President directs the Secretary to— (A) defend the United States; and (B) provide support to civil authorities in 
responding to and recovering from cyber at-tacks. 
(b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the exer-
cises required by subsection (a) are as fol-lows: 
(1) To improve cooperation and coordina-
tion between various parts of the Govern-ment and industry so that the Government and industry can more effectively and effi-ciently respond to cyber attacks. 
(2) To exercise command and control, co-
ordination, communications, and informa-tion sharing capabilities under the stressing conditions of an ongoing cyber attack. 
(3) To identify gaps and problems that re-
quire new enhanced training, capabilities, procedures, or authorities. 
(4) To identify— (A) interdependencies; (B) strengths that should be leveraged; and (C) weaknesses that need to be mitigated. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENT FOR VARIATION OF AS-
SUMPTIONS AND CONDITIONS .—In conducting 
the exercises required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that there is an ap-propriate degree of variation from exercise to exercise of the following: 
(1) The size, scope, duration, and sophis-
tication of the cyber attacks. 
(2) The degree of warning and knowledge 
that is available to the Department of De-fense about the attack and the means used in the attack and the degree of delegation of authority from the President to react, in-cluding with pre-planned responses. 
(3) The effectiveness of the National Mis-
sion Force of the United States Cyber Com-mand in preempting and defeating the at-tack. 
(4) The effectiveness of the attacks on crit-
ical infrastructure in general and particu-larly in specific industry sectors. 
(5) The effectiveness of resilience and re-
covery mechanisms. 
(d) C
OSTSHARING AGREEMENTS .—The Sec-
retary shall coordinate with those with whom the Secretary is required to coordi-nate under subsection (a) to develop equi-table cost sharing agreements to defray the expenses of the exercises required by sub-section (a). 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3542 June 2, 2015 
Subtitle C—Nuclear Forces 
SEC. 1631. DESIGNATION OF AIR FORCE OFFI-
CIALS TO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR POLICY ON AND PROCUREMENT OF NUCLEAR COMMAND, CONTROL, AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF OFFICIALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 24 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 499. Designation of Air Force officials to be 
responsible for policy on and procurement of nuclear command, control, and commu-nications systems 
‘‘(a) P
ROCUREMENT .—The Secretary of the 
Air Force shall designate a senior acquisi-tion official of the Air Force to be respon-sible for ensuring the procurement and inte-gration of the nuclear command, control, and communication systems of the Air Force. 
‘‘(b) P
OLICY .—The Secretary shall des-
ignate an official of the Air Force to be re-sponsible for— 
‘‘(1) formulating an integrated policy for 
the nuclear command, control, and commu-nications systems of the Air Force that in-cludes long-term requirements to satisfy the requirements of the Department of Defense for nuclear command, control, and commu-nications; and 
‘‘(2) ensuring that such policy is integrated 
across all Air Force systems using nuclear command, control, and communications sys-tems.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 24 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 498 the following new item: 
‘‘499. Designation of Air Force officials to be 
responsible for policy on and procurement of nuclear com-mand, control, and communica-tions systems.’’. 
(b) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary of the Air 
Force shall— 
(1) designate the officials required by sec-
tion 499 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1), not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) promptly notify the congressional de-
fense committees of such designation. 
SEC. 1632. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE 
UNITED STATES REVIEW OF REC-OMMENDATIONS RELATING TO THE NUCLEAR SECURITY ENTERPRISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall, in each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, conduct a review of the process of the Department of Defense for addressing the recommendations of the De-partment of Defense Internal Nuclear Enter-prise Review, the Independent Review of the Department of Defense Nuclear Enterprise, and the Nuclear Deterrence Enterprise Re-view Group, that are evaluated by the Office of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation of the Department of Defense. 
(b) B
RIEFING AND REPORT .—After con-
ducting each review under subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall— 
(1) provide to the congressional defense 
committees an initial briefing on the review; and 
(2) after providing the briefing under para-
graph (1), submit to those committees a written report on the review and such other topics as the committees request during the briefing. 
SEC. 1633. ASSESSMENT OF GLOBAL NUCLEAR 
ENVIRONMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Nuclear competition among countries 
has become both different and in some ways more complex than was the case during the 
Cold War. 
(2) During the 25 years preceding the date 
of the enactment of this Act, additional countries have obtained nuclear weapons. North Korea is a nuclear-armed country and Iran aspires to acquire a nuclear weapons ca-pability. 
(3) A regional nuclear competition has 
emerged in South Asia between India and Pakistan. Another such competition may emerge in the Middle East between Iran and Israel, triggering a nuclear proliferation cas-cade across the Middle East, involving Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and perhaps other countries as well. 
(4) The proliferation of nuclear weapons to 
countries the cultures of which are quite dif-ferent from that of the United States raises concerns regarding how leaders in those countries calculate cost, benefit, and risk with respect to decisions regarding the use of nuclear weapons. 
(b) A
SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Director 
of Net Assessment of the Department of De-fense shall, in coordination with the Com-mander of the United States Strategic Com-mand, conduct an assessment of the global environment with respect to nuclear weap-ons and the role of United States nuclear forces, policy, and strategy in that environ-ment. 
(c) O
BJECTIVES .—The objectives of the as-
sessment required by subsection (b) are to inform the long-term planning of the Depart-ment of Defense and policies relating to re-gional nuclear crises and operations that may involve the escalation of nuclear com-petition among countries. 
(d) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In conducting the assess-
ment required by subsection (b), the Director shall develop and analyze a range of contin-gencies and scenarios, including crises that may emerge from nuclear competition dur-ing the 10-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act that involve the following: 
(A) The United States and one other coun-
try that possesses a nuclear weapon. 
(B) The United States and multiple such 
countries. 
(C) Two other such countries. (D) Three or more other such countries. (E) Regional and cross-regional geography, 
including contingencies and scenarios in Eu-rope, the Middle East, South Asia, and East Asia, and contingencies and scenarios that transcend regions. 
(F) The long-term geopolitical and mili-
tary-technical competition as it relates to nuclear weapons and strategic warfare. 
(2) A
NALYSIS OF COMPETITIVE DISCONTINU -
ITIES .—In analyzing the long-term geo-
political and military-technical competition as it relates to nuclear weapons and stra-tegic warfare under paragraph (1)(F), the Di-rector shall identify— 
(A) prospective discontinuities in that 
competition; and 
(B) strategies and capabilities the United 
States could adopt to improve its competi-tive position following such discontinuities. 
(e) S
TAFFING .—In conducting the assess-
ment required by subsection (b), the Director shall engage the best talent available, with particular emphasis on engaging individuals and independent entities with demonstrated expertise in strategy and net assessment methodology. 
(f) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than No-
vember 15, 2016, the Director shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port on the assessment required by sub-section (b). SEC. 1634. DEADLINE FOR MILESTONE A DECI-
SION ON LONG-RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON. 
Not later than May 31, 2016, the Secretary 
of Defense shall make a Milestone A decision on the long-range standoff weapon. 
SEC. 1635. AVAILABILITY OF AIR FORCE PRO-
CUREMENT FUNDS FOR CERTAIN COMMERCIAL OFF-THE-SHELF PARTS FOR INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE FUZES. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF PROCUREMENT  
FUNDS .—Notwithstanding section 1502(a) of 
title 31, United States Code, of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 101 and available for Missile Procurement, Air Force, as specified in the funding table in section 4101, $13,700,000 shall be available for the procurement of covered parts pursuant to contracts entered into under section 1645 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3651). 
(b) C
OVERED PARTS DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘covered parts’’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 1645(c) of such Act. 
SEC. 1636. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON POLICY ON 
THE NUCLEAR TRIAD. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the triad of strategic nuclear delivery 
systems plays a critical role in ensuring the national security of the United States; and 
(2) retaining all three legs of the nuclear 
triad is among the highest priorities of the Department of Defense and will best main-tain strategic stability at a reasonable cost, while hedging against potential technical problems and vulnerabilities. 
(b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy 
of the United States— 
(1) to operate, sustain, and modernize or 
replace the triad of strategic nuclear deliv-ery systems consisting of— 
(A) heavy bombers equipped with nuclear 
gravity bombs and air-launched nuclear cruise missiles; 
(B) land-based intercontinental ballistic 
missiles equipped with nuclear warheads that are capable of carrying multiple inde-pendently targetable reentry vehicles; and 
(C) ballistic missile submarines equipped 
with submarine launched ballistic missiles and multiple nuclear warheads; 
(2) to operate, sustain, and modernize or 
replace a capability to forward-deploy nu-clear weapons and dual-capable fighter- bomber aircraft; 
(3) to deter potential adversaries and as-
sure allies and partners of the United States through strong and long-term commitment to the nuclear deterrent of the United States and the personnel, systems, and infrastruc-ture that comprise such deterrent; 
(4) to ensure that the members of the 
Armed Forces who operate the nuclear deter-rent of the United States have the training, resources, and national support required to execute the critical national security mis-sion of the members; and 
(5) to achieve a modern and responsive nu-
clear infrastructure to support the full spec-trum of deterrence requirements. 
Subtitle D—Missile Defense Programs 
SEC. 1641. PLAN FOR EXPEDITING DEPLOYMENT 
TIME OF CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES INTERCEPTOR SITE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date on which the Secretary of De-fense completes preparation of an environ-mental impact statement pursuant to sec-tion 227(b) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239), the Secretary of Defense shall— 
(1) develop a plan for expediting the de-
ployment time for a potential future conti-nental United States interceptor site by at 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3543 June 2, 2015 
least two years, in the case that the Presi-
dent decides to proceed with such deploy-ment; and 
(2) submit to the congressional defense 
committees a report on such plan. 
(b) R
EPORT ELEMENTS .—The report sub-
mitted under subsection (a)(2) shall include the following: 
(1) A description of the plan, including es-
timates of the cost of carrying out the plan and a schedule for carrying out the plan. 
(2) A description of such legislative or ad-
ministrative action as may be necessary to carry out the plan. 
(3) An assessment of the risks associated 
with decreasing the deployment time, in-cluding with respect to cost and the oper-ational effectiveness and reliability of inter-ceptors. 
(4) Identification of any deviation in the 
plan from robust acquisition processes, in-cluding with respect to testing prior to full operational capability designation. 
(c) A
SSESSMENT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL  
OF THE UNITED STATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date on which the Secretary sub-mits a report under subsection (a)(2), the Comptroller General shall— 
(A) complete a review of the report sub-
mitted under subsection (a)(2); and 
(B) submit to the congressional defense 
committees a report on the review conducted pursuant to subparagraph (A). 
(2) R
EPORT ELEMENTS .—The report required 
by paragraph (1)(B) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) The findings of the Comptroller Gen-
eral with respect to the review conducted pursuant to paragraph (1)(A); and 
(B) such recommendations as the Comp-
troller General may have for legislative or administrative action. 
SEC. 1642. ADDITIONAL MISSILE DEFENSE SEN-
SOR COVERAGE FOR THE PROTEC-TION OF THE UNITED STATES HOME-LAND. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) According to the Director of the Missile 
Defense Agency, there are two fundamental means for improving homeland missile de-fense capability and capacity, ‘‘one, is the reliability of the interceptor, and two, is the discrimination capability of the system’’. 
(2) The Department of Defense will deploy 
a new midcourse tracking radar to provide persistent coverage and improve discrimina-tion capabilities against threats to the United States homeland from the Pacific re-gion. 
(3) According to the Director of the Missile 
Defense Agency, a long-range discrimination radar will provide larger hit assessment cov-erage thereby enabling improved warfighting capabilities to manage ground-based inter-ceptor (GBI) inventory and improve the ca-pacity of the ballistic missile defense sys-tem. 
(4) According to the Principal Deputy 
Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, ‘‘while Iran has not yet deployed an inter-continental ballistic missile, its progress on space launch vehicles—along with its desire to deter the United States and its allies— provides Tehran with the means and motiva-tion to develop longer-range missiles, includ-ing an ICBM. Iran publically stated that it intends to launch a space-launch vehicle as early as this year capable of intercontinental ranges, if configured as such’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the currently deployed ground-based 
midcourse defense system protects the entire United States homeland, including the East Coast, against the threat of limited ballistic missile attack from North Korea and Iran; 
and 
(2) additional missile defense sensor dis-
crimination capabilities are needed to en-hance the protection of the United States homeland against potential long-range bal-listic missiles from Iran that, according to the Department of Defense, could soon be ob-tained by Iran as a result of its active space launch program. 
(c) D
EPLOYMENT OF ADDITIONAL COV-
ERAGE .—The Director of the Missile Defense 
Agency shall, in cooperation with the rel-evant combatant command, deploy by not later than December 31, 2020, a long-range discrimination radar or other appropriate tracking and discrimination sensor capabili-ties in a location optimized to support the defense of the homeland of the United States from emerging long-range ballistic missile threats from Iran. 
SEC. 1643. AIR DEFENSE CAPABILITY AT NORTH 
ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION MISSILE DEFENSE SITES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the relevant combatant command, should ensure that arrangements are in place, including support from other members of the North Atlantic Treaty Orga-nization (NATO), to provide anti-air defense capability at all missile defense sites of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization in sup-port of phases 2 and 3 of the European Phased Adaptive Approach. 
(b) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing— 
(1) the plan to provide anti-air defense ca-
pability as described in subsection (a); and 
(2) the contributions being made by the 
North Atlantic Treaty Organization and members of such organization to support the provision of the capability described in such subsection. 
SEC. 1644. AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR IRON 
DOME SHORT-RANGE ROCKET DE-FENSE SYSTEM. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Of the 
amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2016 for Procurement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agen-cy, not more than $41,400,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel to procure the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense sys-tem, including for co-production of Iron Dome parts and components in the United States by industry of the United States. 
(b) C
ONDITIONS .— 
(1) A GREEMENT .—Funds described in sub-
section (a) to produce the Iron Dome short- range rocket defense program shall be avail-able subject to the terms and conditions in the ‘‘Agreement Between the Department of Defense of the United States of America and the Ministry of Defense of the State of Israel Concerning Iron Dome Defense System Pro-curement’’, signed on March 5, 2014, includ-ing any terms and conditions applicable to coproduction of Iron Dome radar components under a negotiated amendment to that agreement. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
prior to the initial obligation of funds de-scribed in subsection (a), the Director of the Missile Defense Agency and the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees— 
(A) a certification that the agreement 
specified in paragraph (1) is being imple-mented as provided in such agreement; and 
(B) an assessment detailing any risks re-
lating to the implementation of such agree-ment. SEC. 1645. ISRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DE-
FENSE PROGRAM CODEVELOPMENT AND POTENTIAL COPRODUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this section, of the amount author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for Procurement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, $150,000,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel to procure the David’s Sling Weapon System and $15,000,000 for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier In-terceptor Program, including for co-produc-tion of parts and components in the United States by United States industry. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Following successful 
completion of milestones and production readiness reviews in the research, develop-ment, and technology agreements for the Da-vid’s Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Development Program, the Direc-tor of the Missile Defense Agency may dis-burse amounts available pursuant to sub-section (a) on the basis of a one-for-one cash match with such funds provided by the Gov-ernment of Israel, or in amounts that other-wise meet best efforts (as mutually agreed by the United States and Israel), on or after the date that is 90 days after the date the Di-rector and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics jointly submit to the congressional defense committees a certification that the United States has entered into a bilateral agree-ment with the Government of Israel that ac-complishes the following: 
(1) Establishes the terms of co-production 
of parts and components of the respective systems— 
(A) on the basis of what will minimize non- 
recurring engineering and facilitization ex-penses; and 
(B) that ensures that, in the case of co-pro-
duction for the David’s Sling Weapon Sys-tem, not less than half of such co-production is carried out by United States persons. 
(2) Establishes complete transparency on 
the Israeli requirement for the number of interceptors and batteries of the respective systems that will be procured. 
(3) Allows the Director of the Missile De-
fense Agency and the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition, Technology and Logis-tics to establish technical milestones for co- production and procurement of the respec-tive systems. 
(4) Establishes joint approval processes for 
third party sales of such systems. 
SEC. 1646. DEVELOPMENT AND DEPLOYMENT OF 
MULTIPLE-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE FOR MISSILE DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES HOMELAND. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the defense of the United States home-
land against the threat of limited ballistic missile attack (whether accidental, unau-thorized, or deliberate) is a national priority; and 
(2) as the threat described in paragraph (1) 
continues to evolve, the multiple-object kill vehicle could contribute critical capabilities to the future of the ballistic missile defense of the United States homeland. 
(b) M
ULTIPLE -OBJECT KILLVEHICLE .— 
(1) D EVELOPMENT .—The Director of the 
Missile Defense Agency shall develop a high-ly reliable, cost-effective multiple-object kill vehicle for the ground-based midcourse de-fense system. 
(2) D
EPLOYMENT .—The Director shall— 
(A) conduct flight testing of the multiple- 
object kill vehicle developed under para-graph (1) by not later than 2020; and 
(B) field such vehicle as soon as tech-
nically practicable. 
(c) C
APABILITIES AND CRITERIA .—The Direc-
tor shall ensure that the multiple-object kill vehicle developed under subsection (b)(1) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3544 June 2, 2015 
meets, at a minimum, the following capabili-
ties and criteria: 
(1) Vehicle-to-vehicle communications. (2) Vehicle-to-ground communications. (3) Kill assessment capability. (4) The ability to counter advanced counter 
measures, decoys, and penetration aids. 
(5) Produceability and manufacturability. (6) Use of technology involving high tech-
nology readiness levels. 
(7) Options to be integrated onto other 
missile defense interceptor vehicles other than the ground-based interceptors of the ground-based midcourse defense system. 
(8) Sound acquisition processes, in coordi-
nation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the Missile Defense Executive Board. 
(d) P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT .—The manage-
ment of the multiple-object kill vehicle pro-gram under subsection (b) shall report di-rectly to the Deputy Director of the Missile Defense Agency. 
SEC. 1647. REQUIREMENT TO REPLACE CAPA-
BILITY ENHANCEMENT I EXOATMOSPHERIC KILL VEHICLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), 
the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall ensure, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, that all remaining ground-based interceptors of the ground-based midcourse defense system that are armed with the ca-pability enhancement I exoatmospheric kill vehicle are replaced with the redesigned exoatmospheric kill vehicle before Sep-tember 30, 2022. 
(b) C
ONDITION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply if the Director determines that flight and intercept testing of the redesigned exoatmospheric kill vehicle is not successful. 
SEC. 1648. AIRBORNE BOOST PHASE DEFENSE 
SYSTEM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) To address the growing threat posed by 
increasingly accurate and longer-ranged bal-listic and cruise missiles, the Missile Defense Agency, in collaboration with the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency and the military services, is pursuing a suite of laser technologies that could serve as a cost-effec-tive solution for destroying cruise missiles and ballistic missiles in the boost phase. 
(2) A successful airborne boost phase de-
fense system could transform United States missile defense capabilities against a broad range of missile threats, and place defense on the winning side of the offense-defense cost- curve. 
(b) P
OLICY .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall— 
(1) prioritize technology investments in 
the Department of Defense to support efforts by the Missile Defense Agency to develop and field an airborne boost phase defense system by fiscal year 2025; 
(2) ensure that development and fielding of 
the airborne boost phase defense system sup-ports multiple warfighter missile defense re-quirements, including, specifically, protec-tion of the homeland and allies against cruise missiles and ballistic missiles, par-ticularly in the boost phase; 
(3) continue development and fielding of 
high-energy lasers and high-power micro-wave systems as part of a layered architec-ture to defend ships and theater bases against air and cruise missile strikes; 
(4) encourage collaboration amongst the 
military services and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency with respect to their high energy laser and directed energy efforts carried out in support of the Missile 
Defense Agency; and 
(5) ensure cooperation and coordination be-
tween the Missile Defense Agency in its plans to develop an airborne laser and the Air Force in its requirements for unmanned aerial vehicles. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the efforts of the Department of Defense to develop and deploy an airborne boost phase defense system for missile defense by fiscal year 2025. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) Such schedules, costs, warfighter re-
quirements, operational concept, con-straints, potential alternative boost phase approaches, and other information regarding the efforts described in paragraph (1) as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(B) Analysis of the efforts described in 
paragraph (1) with respect to the following cases: 
(i) A case in which the Department is 
under no funding constraints with respect to such efforts and progress is based on the state of the technology. 
(ii) A case in which the Department is 
under funding constraints and the efforts are carried out in accordance with a moderately aggressive schedule and are subject to mod-erate technical risk. 
(iii) A case in which the Department is 
under funding constraints and the efforts are carried out in accordance with a less aggres-sive schedule and are subject to less tech-nical risk. 
(C) An update on related efforts of the De-
partment to develop high energy lasers and high power microwave systems to defend ships and theater bases against air and cruise missile strikes. 
(D) Such recommendations as the Sec-
retary may have for legislative or adminis-trative action to enable more rapid fielding of a directed-energy based missile defense system. 
(3) F
ORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1649. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON PRO-
VIDING CERTAIN SENSITIVE MISSILE DEFENSE INFORMATION TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
Section 1246(c)(2) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 923), as amended by section 1243(2)(A) of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3564), is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2014 or 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal years 2014 through 2017’’. 
SEC. 1650. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT FOR 
COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REVIEW AND AS-SESSMENT OF MISSILE DEFENSE AC-QUISITION PROGRAMS. 
Section 232 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘through 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2020’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), in the first sentence, 
by striking ‘‘through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2021’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b), in the matter before 
paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘first three’’. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 1661. MEASURES IN RESPONSE TO VIOLA-
TIONS OF THE INTERMEDIATE- RANGE NUCLEAR FORCES TREATY BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) On July 31, 2014, the Department of 
State released its annual report entitled ‘‘Adherence to and Compliance With Arms Control, Nonproliferation, and Disarmament Agreements and Commitments’’, which in-
cluded the finding that ‘‘[t]he United States has determined that the Russian Federation is in violation of its obligations under the INF Treaty not to possess, produce, or flight- test a ground-launched cruise missile (GLCM) with a range capability of 500 km to 5,500 km, or to possess or produce launchers of such missiles’’. 
(2) The United States has undertaken dip-
lomatic efforts to address with the Russian Federation its violations of the INF Treaty since 2013, and the Russian Federation has failed to respond to those efforts in any way. 
(3) The Commander of the United States 
European Command, and Supreme Allied Commander of Europe, General Philip Breedlove stated that ‘‘[a] weapon capability that violates the I.N.F., that is introduced into the greater European land mass, is abso-lutely a tool that will have to be dealt with’’ and ‘‘[i]t can’t go unanswered’’. 
(4) The Secretary of Defense has informed 
Congress that the range of options in re-sponse to the violation by the Russian Fed-eration of the INF Treaty could include ‘‘ac-tive defenses to counter intermediate-range ground-launched cruise missiles; counterforce capabilities to prevent inter-mediate-range ground-launched cruise mis-sile attacks; and countervailing strike capa-bilities to enhance U.S. or allied forces’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the development and deployment of a 
nuclear ground-launched cruise missile by the Russian Federation in violation of the INF Treaty would pose a dangerous threat to the United States and its allies; 
(2) the Russian Federation has established 
an increasing role for nuclear weapons in its military strategy; 
(3) efforts taken by the President to com-
pel the Russian Federation to return to com-pliance with the INF Treaty must be per-sistent and are in the best interests of the United States, but cannot be open-ended; and 
(4) efforts by the United States to develop 
military and nonmilitary options for re-sponding to violations of the INF Treaty could encourage the Russian Federation to return to compliance with the INF Treaty. 
(c) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the President shall notify the appropriate congressional committees with respect to whether the Rus-sian Federation— 
(1) has flight-tested, has deployed, or pos-
sesses a military system that has achieved an initial operating capability that is either a ground-launched ballistic missile or ground-launched cruise missile with a flight- tested range of between 500 and 5,500 kilo-meters; or 
(2) has begun taking measures to return to 
full compliance with the INF Treaty, includ-ing verification measures necessary to achieve high confidence that any missile de-scribed in paragraph (1) will be eliminated. 
(d) U
PDATES TO ALLIES .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall, in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report that describes— 
(1) the status of updates provided to the 
North Atlantic Treaty Organization and other allies of the United States on the Rus-sian Federation’s flight testing, operating capability, and deployment of ground- launched ballistic missiles or ground- launched cruise missiles with a flight-tested range of between 500 and 5,500 kilometers; and 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3545 June 2, 2015 
(2) efforts to develop, with the North At-
lantic Treaty Organization and such allies, collective responses, including economic and military responses, to arms control viola-tions by the Russian Federation, including violations of the INF Treaty. 
(e) P
LAN ON RESPONSE OPTIONS .— 
(1) M ILITARY RESPONSE OPTIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—If, as of the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Russian Federa-tion has not begun taking measures to re-turn to full compliance with the INF Treaty, including by agreeing to verification meas-ures necessary to achieve high confidence that any ground-launched ballistic missile or ground-launched cruise missile with a flight- tested range of between 500 and 5,500 kilo-meters will be eliminated, the Secretary of Defense shall, not later than 120 days after such date of enactment, submit to Congress a plan with respect to developing the fol-lowing military capabilities: 
(i) Counterforce capabilities to prevent in-
termediate-range ground-launched ballistic missile and cruise missile attacks, whether or not such capabilities are in compliance with the INF Treaty and including capabili-ties that may be acquired from allies of the 
United States. 
(ii) Countervailing strike capabilities to 
enhance the forces of the United States or allies of the United States, whether or not such capabilities are in compliance with the INF Treaty and including capabilities that may be acquired from allies of the United States. 
(iii) Active defenses to defend against in-
termediate-range ground-launched cruise missile attacks. 
(B) C
OST AND SCHEDULE ESTIMATES .—The 
Secretary shall include, in the plan required by subparagraph (A), with respect to each military capability described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of that subparagraph, an esti-mate of cost and the approximate time for achieving a Milestone A decision, if such a decision is required. 
(C) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR REC -
OMMENDED CAPABILITIES .—The Secretary 
may use funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Defense-wide, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4201, to carry out the development of capabilities pursuant to subparagraph (A) that are rec-ommended by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to meet military require-ments and current capability gaps. In mak-ing such a recommendation, the Chairman shall give priority to such capabilities that the Chairman determines could be tested and fielded most expediently, with the most pri-ority given to capabilities that the Chairman determines could be fielded in two years. 
(2) O
THER RESPONSE OPTIONS .—The Presi-
dent shall include in the plan required by paragraph (1)(A) such other options as the President considers useful to encourage the 
Russian Federation to return to full compli-ance with the INF Treaty or necessary to re-spond to the failure of the Russian Federa-tion to return to full compliance with the INF Treaty. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations 
and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and 
the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives. 
(2) INF 
TREATY .—The term ‘‘INF Treaty’’ 
means the Treaty between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of Their Inter-mediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, signed at Washington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988 (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Intermediate-Range Nu-clear Forces Treaty’’ or ‘‘INF Treaty’’). 
SEC. 1662. MODIFICATION OF NOTIFICATION AND 
ASSESSMENT OF PROPOSAL TO MODIFY OR INTRODUCE NEW AIR-CRAFT OR SENSORS FOR FLIGHT BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION UNDER THE OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1242(b) of the Carl 
Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘30 days’’ 
and inserting ‘‘90 days’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end 
the following new sentence: ‘‘The assessment shall also include an assessment of the pro-posal by the commander of each combatant command potentially affected by the pro-posal, including an assessment of the poten-tial effects of the proposal on operations and any potential vulnerabilities raised by the proposal.’’. 
(b) R
EPORTS ON MEETINGS OF OPEN SKIES 
CONSULTATIVE COMMISSION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of any meeting of the Open Skies Consultative Commission that occurs after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth a description of such meeting, including a description of any agreements entered into during such meeting and wheth-er any such agreement will result in a modi-fication to the aircraft or sensors of any State Party to the Open Skies Treaty that will be subject to the Open Skies Treaty. 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ and ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1242 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. SEC. 1663. MILESTONE A DECISION FOR THE CON-
VENTIONAL PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE WEAPONS SYSTEM. 
The Secretary of Defense shall make a 
Milestone A decision for the Conventional Prompt Global Strike Weapons System not later than the earlier of— 
(1) September 30, 2020; or (2) the date that is 8 months after the suc-
cessful completion of Intermediate Range Flight 2 of that System. 
DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 2001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military 
Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
SEC. 2002. EXPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AND 
AMOUNTS REQUIRED TO BE SPECI-FIED BY LAW. 
(a) E XPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AFTER  
THREE YEARS .—Except as provided in sub-
section (b), all authorizations contained in titles XXI through XXVII for military con-struction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contribu-tions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion Security Investment Program (and au-thorizations of appropriations therefor) shall expire on the later of— 
(1) October 1, 2018; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-
thorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2019. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to authorizations for military con-struction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contribu-tions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion Security Investment Program (and au-thorizations of appropriations therefor), for which appropriated funds have been obli-gated before the later of— 
(1) October 1, 2018; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-
thorizing funds for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, or contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program. 
TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2101. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION 
AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2104(a) and available for military construc-tion projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations in-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska ................................................ Fort Greely .............................................................. ................................................... $7,800,000 
California ............................................ Concord .................................................................. ..................................................... $98,000,000 
Colorado ............................................. Fort Carson ............................................................... .................................................. $5,800,000 
Georgia ............................................... Fort Gordon .............................................................. .................................................. $90,000,000 
Maryland ............................................ Fort Meade ................................................................. ................................................ $34,500,000 
New York ............................................ Fort Drum .................................................................. ................................................. $19,000,000 
U. S. Military Academy .............................................................................................. $70,000,000  
Oklahoma ........................................... Fort Sill ................................................................... ................................................... $69,400,000 
Texas .................................................. Corpus Christi .......................................................... ................................................... $85,000,000 
Virginia .............................................. Fort Lee ................................................................. ..................................................... $33,000,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 
2104(a) and available for military construc-tion projects outside the United States as 
specified in the funding table in section 4601, 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3546 June 2, 2015 
the Secretary of the Army may acquire real 
property and carry out the military con-struction projects for the installations or lo-cations outside the United States, and in the 
amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Cuba ........................................................... Guantanamo Bay .................................................. ............................................... $76,000,000 
Germany .................................................... Grafenwoehr ......................................................... ................................................ $51,000,000 
SEC. 2102. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2104(a) and available for military family 
housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may construct or acquire family hous-ing units (including land acquisition and 
supporting facilities) at the installations or locations, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
Army: Family Housing 
State/Country Installation or Location Units Amount 
Florida ................................ Camp Rudder ..................................................................... Family H ousing New Construc-
tion $8,000,000 
Illinois ................................ Rock Island ........................................................................ Fami ly Housing New Construc-
tion $20,000,000 
Korea .................................. Camp Walker ..................................................................... Family H ousing New Construc-
tion $61,000,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts 
appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2104(a) and avail-able for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may carry out ar-chitectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of fam-ily housing units in an amount not to exceed $7,195,000. 
SEC. 2103. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY 
HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United 
States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropria-tions in section 2104(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $3,500,000. 
SEC. 2104. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
ARMY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family hous-ing functions of the Department of the Army as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the 
cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2101 of this Act may not exceed the sum of the following: 
(1) The total amount authorized to be ap-
propriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(2) $226,400,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2101(a) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113– 291) for a Command and Control Facility at Fort Shafter, Hawaii). 
(3) $6,000,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2101(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2119) for cadet barracks at the United States Military Academy, New York). 
(4) $78,000,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2101(a) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112– 239; 126 Stat. 2119), as amended by section 2105(d) of this Act, for a Secure Administra-tion/Operations Facility at Fort Belvoir, Vir-ginia). SEC. 2105. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained 
in the table in section 2101(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2119) for the United States Military Academy, New York, for construction of a Cadet barracks building at the installation, the Secretary of the Army may install me-chanical equipment and distribution lines sufficient to provide chilled water for air conditioning the nine existing historical Cadet barracks which are being renovated through the Cadet Barracks Upgrade Pro-gram. 
SEC. 2106. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 
2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the author-izations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (125 Stat. 1661), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military con-struction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in sub-
section (a) is as follows: 
Army: Extension of 2012 Project Authorizations 
State Installation or Location Project Amount 
Georgia ......................... Fort Benning ......................... Land Acquisition .......................................... ........................ $25,000,000 
Fort Benning ......................... Land Acquisition .................................................................. $5,100,0 00 
Virginia ........................ Fort Belvoir .......................... Road and Infrastructure Improvements ..................... .......... $25,000,000 
SEC. 2107. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 
2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the au-
thorizations set forth in the table in sub-section (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (126 Stat. 2119) shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the en-actment of an Act authorizing funds for mili-
tary construction for fiscal year 2017, which-ever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in sub-
section (a) is as follows: 
Army: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations 
State or Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
District of Columbia .................. Fort McNair .............................. Vehicle Storage Building, Installation .......... ............. $7,191,000 
Kansas ....................................... Fort Riley ................................. Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Complex ........ .................... $12,184,000 
North Carolina .......................... Fort Bragg ................................ Aerial Gunnery Range ......................... ....................... $41,945,000 
Texas ......................................... Joint Base San Antonio ............ Barracks ....................................... .............................. $20,971,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3547 June 2, 2015 
Army: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations —Continued 
State or Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Virginia ..................................... Fort Belvoir .............................. Secure Admin/Operations Facility ........ ..................... $93,876,000 
Italy .......................................... Camp Ederle ............................. Barracks ................................ ..................................... $35,952,000 
Japan ......................................... Sagami ...................................... Vehicle Maintenance Shop ............. ............................ $17,976,000 
SEC. 2108. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY 
OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2016 PROJECT. 
(a) P ROJECT AUTHORIZATION .—The Sec-
retary of the Army may carry out a military construction project to construct a vehicle bridge and traffic circle to facilitate traffic flow to and from the Medical Center at Rhine Ordnance Barracks, Germany, in the amount of $12,400,000. 
(b) U
SE OF HOST-NATION PAYMENT -IN-KIND 
FUNDS .—The Secretary may use available 
host-nation payment-in-kind funding for the project described in subsection (a). SEC. 2109. LIMITATION ON CONSTRUCTION OF 
NEW FACILITIES AT GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the amounts au-
thorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense may be used to construct new facilities at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, until the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense com-mittees that any new construction of facili-ties at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, has enduring military value independent of a high value detention mission. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
subsection (a) shall be construed as limiting the ability of the Department of Defense to obligate or expend available funds to correct a deficiency that is life-threatening, health- 
threatening, or safety-threatening. 
TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2201. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION 
AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construc-tion projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations in-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Arizona ............................................... Yuma ..................................................................... ..................................................... $50,635,000 
California ............................................ Coronado ................................................................. .................................................... $4,856,000 
Lemoore ...................................................................................................................... $7 1,830,000 
Miramar ...................................................................................................................... $1 1,200,000 
Pendleton .................................................................................................................... $8 3,800,000 
Point Mugu ................................................................................................................. $22, 427,000 
San Diego .................................................................................................................... $3 7,366,000 
Twentynine Palms ...................................................................................................... $9,160,00 0 
Florida ............................................... Jacksonville ............................................................. ................................................... $16,751,000 
Mayport ...................................................................................................................... $1 6,159,000 
Pensacola .................................................................................................................... $1 8,347,000 
Whiting Field .............................................................................................................. $10, 421,000 
Georgia ............................................... Albany ................................................................... ..................................................... $7,851,000 
Kings Bay ................................................................................................................... $8, 099,000 
Townsend .................................................................................................................... $43 ,279,000 
Hawaii ................................................. Barking Sands ........................................................... ................................................. $30,623,000 
Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam ................................................................................ $14,881,000 
Kaneohe Bay ............................................................................................................... $106, 618,000 
Marine Corps Base Hawaii .......................................................................................... $12,800,000 
Maryland ............................................ Patuxent River ............................................................. .............................................. $40,935,000 
North Carolina .................................... Camp Lejeune ................................................................. ............................................ $74,249,000 
Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station ...................................................................... $57,726,000 
New River ................................................................................................................... $8, 230,000 
South Carolina ................................... Parris Island ................................................................. .............................................. $27,075,000 
Virginia .............................................. Dam Neck ................................................................. .................................................. $23,066,000 
Norfolk ....................................................................................................................... $ 126,677,000 
Portsmouth ................................................................................................................. $45, 513,000 
Quantico ..................................................................................................................... $7 5,399,000 
Washington ......................................... Bangor ...................................................................... .................................................. $34,177,000 
Bremerton ................................................................................................................... $22 ,680,000 
Indian Island ............................................................................................................... $4, 472,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construc-tion projects outside the United States as 
specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installation or location out-
side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Bahrain Island ......................................... Southwest Asia .......................................................... .............................................. $89,791,000 
Guam ....................................................... Joint Region Marianas ............................................... ............................................. $181,768,000 
Italy ........................................................ Sigonella ......................................................... ......................................................... $102,943,000 
Japan ....................................................... Camp Butler ........................................................ ..................................................... $11,697,000 
Iwakuni .................................................................................................................... $17, 923,000 
Kadena Air Base ...................................................................................................... $23,310,00 0 
Yokosuka ................................................................................................................. $13,84 6,000 
Poland ..................................................... RedziKowo Base ...................................................... ................................................. $51,270,000 
SEC. 2202. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 
2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding 
table in section 4601, the Secretary of the 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3548 June 2, 2015 
Navy may construct or acquire family hous-
ing units (including land acquisition and supporting facilities) at the installations or locations, in the number of units, and in the 
amounts set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Family Housing 
State Installation or Location Units Amount 
Virginia .............................. Wallops Island ................................................................... Family H ousing New Construc-
tion $438,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts 
appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and avail-able for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may carry out ar-chitectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of fam-ily housing units in an amount not to exceed $4,588,000. 
SEC. 2203. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY 
HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United 
States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropria-tions in section 2204(a) and available for 
military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $11,515,000. 
SEC. 2204. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
NAVY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-
tember 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family hous-ing functions of the Department of the Navy, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the 
cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2201 of this Act may not exceed the sum of the following: 
(1) The total amount authorized to be ap-
propriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(2) $274,099,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2201(a) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112– 81; 125 Stat. 1666) for an explosive handling wharf at Kitsap, Washington). 
(3) $68,196,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2201(b) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010 (division B of Public Law 111– 
84; 123 Stat. 2633) for ramp parking at Joint Region Marianas, Guam. 
SEC. 2205. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 
2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the author-izations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2201 of that Act (125 Stat. 1666) and extended by section 2208 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3678), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in sub-
section (a) is as follows: 
Navy: Extension of 2012 Project Authorizations 
State Installation or Location Project Amount 
California ............................................ Camp Pendleton ................................... Infantry Squad Defense R ange ............. $29,187,000 
Florida .................................................. Jacksonville ......................................... P–8A Hangar Upgra des ......................... $6,085,000 
Georgia ................................................. Kings Bay ............................................. Crab Island Secur ity Enclave ............... $52,913,000 
SEC. 2206. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 
2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the au-
thorizations set forth in the table in sub-section (b), as provided in section 2201 of that Act (126 Stat. 2122), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the en-actment of an Act authorizing funds for mili-
tary construction for fiscal year 2017, which-ever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in sub-
section (a) is as follows: 
Navy: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations 
State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
California ............................................ Camp Pendleton ................................... Comm. Information System s Ops Com-
plex .................................................... $78,897,000 
Coronado .............................................. Bachelor Quarters ................................ $76,063,000 
Twentynine Palms ............................... Land Expansion Phase 2 ....................... $47,270,000 
Greece ................................................... Souda Bay ............................................ Intermodal Access  Road ....................... $4,630,000 
South Carolina ..................................... Beaufort ............................................... Recycling/Hazardous W aste Facility .... $3,743,000 
Virginia ................................................ Quantico ............................................... Infrastructure—W iden Russell Road .... $14,826,000 
Worldwide Unspecified ......................... Various Worldwide Locations .............. BAMS Operational Facilities ............. .. $34,048,000 
TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2301. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-
TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 
2304(a) and available for military construc-tion projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire 
real property and carry out military con-struction projects for the installations or lo-cations inside the United States, and in the 
amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska ......................................................................... Eielson Air Force Base .......................... ......................................... $71,400,000 
Arizona ........................................................................ Davis-Monthan Air Force Base .................... ................................... $16,900,000 
Luke Air Force Base ....................................................................... $77,700,000 
Colorado ...................................................................... U. S. Air Force Academy .......................... ...................................... $10,000,000 
CONUS Classified ........................................................ Classified Location .................................... ..................................... $77,130,000 
Florida ......................................................................... Cape Canaveral Air Force Station ............... ................................... $21,000,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3549 June 2, 2015 
Air Force: Inside the United States —Continued 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Eglin Air Force Base ....................................................................... $8,700,000 
Hurlburt Field ................................................................................. $14,200,000 
Hawaii ......................................................................... Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .................. .................................. $46,000,000 
Kansas ......................................................................... McConnell Air Force Base ........................ ...................................... $15,500,000 
Louisiana ..................................................................... Barksdale ........................................ ................................................ $20,000,000 
Missouri ...................................................................... Whiteman Air Force Base .......................... ..................................... $29,500,000 
Montana ...................................................................... Malmstrom Air Force Base .......................... ................................... $19,700,000 
Nebraska ...................................................................... Offutt Air Force Base ............................ ......................................... $21,000,000 
Nevada ......................................................................... Nellis Air Force Base ........................... ........................................... $68,950,000 
New Mexico .................................................................. Cannon Air Force Base .............................. ..................................... $7,800,000 
Holloman Air Force Base ................................................................ $6,200,000 
Kirtland Air Force Base .................................................................. $12,800,000 
New York ..................................................................... Fort Drum ......................................... .............................................. $6,000,000 
North Carolina ............................................................. Seymour Johnson Air Force Base ...................... ............................. $17,100,000 
Oklahoma .................................................................... Altus Air Force Base ............................... ....................................... $28,400,000 
Tinker Air Force Base .................................................................... $49,900,000 
South Dakota .............................................................. Ellsworth Air Force Base ............................. ................................... $23,000,000 
Texas ........................................................................... Joint Base San Antonio ......................... ......................................... $106,000,000 
Utah ............................................................................. Hill Air Force Base ........................... .............................................. $38,400,000 
Wyoming ...................................................................... F. E. Warren Air Force Base ....................... .................................... $95,000,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construc-tion projects outside the United States as 
specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military con-struction projects for the installation or lo-
cation outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Greenland .................................................................... Thule Air Base .................................... ............................................ $41,965,000 
Guam ........................................................................... Joint Region Marianas ........................... ........................................ $50,800,000 
Japan ........................................................................... Kadena Air Base ................................ ............................................. $3,000,000 
Yokota Air Base .............................................................................. $8,461,000 
Niger ............................................................................ Agadez ........................................ ..................................................... $50,000,000 
Oman ........................................................................... Al Musannah Air Base ............................ ........................................ $25,000,000 
United Kingdom ........................................................... Royal Air Force Croughton ............................. ............................... $130,615,000 
SEC. 2302. FAMILY HOUSING. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to 
the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2304(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may carry out architectural and engi-neering services and construction design ac-tivities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $9,849,000. 
SEC. 2303. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY 
HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United 
States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropria-tions in section 2304(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may improve ex-isting military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $150,649,000. 
SEC. 2304. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
AIR FORCE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family hous-ing functions of the Department of the Air Force, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the 
cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other 
cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2301 of this Act may not exceed the sum of the following: 
(1) The total amount authorized to be ap-
propriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(2) $21,000,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2301(a) of the Mili-tary Construction Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 992) for the CYBERCOM Joint Operations Center at Fort Meade, Maryland). 
SEC. 2305. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2010 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained 
in the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (division B of Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2636), for Hickam Air Force Base, Ha-waii, for construction of a ground control tower at the installation, the Secretary of the Air Force may install communications cabling. 
SEC. 2306. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained 
in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 993) for RAF Lakenheath, United King-dom, for construction of a Guardian Angel Operations Facility at the installation, the 
Secretary of the Air Force may construct the facility at an unspecified worldwide loca-tion. 
SEC. 2307. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained 
in the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3679) for McConnell Air Force Base, Kansas, for construction of a KC-46A Alter Composite Maintenance Shop at the installa-tion, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a 696 square meter (7,500 square foot) facility consistent with Air Force guidelines for composite maintenance shops. 
SEC. 2308. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 
2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the author-ization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2301 of that Act (125 Stat. 1670), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military con-struction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in sub-
section (a) is as follows: 
Air Force: Extension of 2012 Project Authorization 
Country Installation or 
Location Project Amount 
Italy ........................................ Sigonella Naval Air Station ............................. UAS SATCOM Relay Pads and Facility ... $15,000,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3550 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 2309. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 
2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the au-
thorization set forth in the table in sub-section (b), as provided in section 2301 of that Act (126 Stat. 2126), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the en-actment of an Act authorizing funds for mili-
tary construction for fiscal year 2017, which-
ever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in sub-
section (a) is as follows: 
Air Force: Extension of 2013 Project Authorization 
Country Installation or 
Location Project Amount 
Portugal .................................. Lajes Field ........................................................ Sanitary Sewer Lif t/Pump Station .......... $2,000,000 
TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2401. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 
2403(a) and available for military construc-tion projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations in-side the United States, and in the amounts, 
set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alabama ............................................... Fort Rucker .............................................................. ................................................. $46,787,000 
Maxwell Air Force Base ............................................................................................. $32,968,000 
Arizona ................................................ Fort Huachuca ........................................................... ................................................ $3,884,000 
California .............................................. Camp Pendleton ......................................................... ................................................ $20,552,000 
Coronado .................................................................................................................... $47 ,218,000 
Fresno Yosemite IAP ANG ......................................................................................... $10,700,000 
Colorado .............................................. Fort Carson .............................................................. .................................................. $8,243,000 
CONUS Classified ................................. Classified Location ........................................................... .......................................... $20,065,000 
Delaware ............................................... Dover Air Force Base .................................................... ............................................. $21,600,000 
Florida .................................................. Hurlburt Field ........................................................ .................................................... $17,989,000 
MacDill Air Force Base .............................................................................................. $39,142,000  
Georgia ................................................. Moody Air Force Base ................................................... ............................................. $10,900,000 
Hawaii .................................................. Kaneohe Bay ............................................................ .................................................. $122,071,000 
Schofield Barracks ..................................................................................................... $123,838 ,000 
Kentucky ............................................. Fort Campbell ............................................................. ............................................... $12,553,000 
Fort Knox ................................................................................................................... $23 ,279,000 
Maryland ............................................. Fort Meade ................................................................ ................................................. $816,077,000 
Nevada .................................................. Nellis Air Force Base .................................................. ............................................... $39,900,000 
New Mexico .......................................... Cannon Air Force Base ...................................................... ......................................... $45,111,000 
New York .............................................. West Point ............................................................... ................................................... $55,778,000 
North Carolina ..................................... Camp Lejeune ................................................................ ............................................. $69,006,000 
Fort Bragg .................................................................................................................. $16 8,811,000 
Ohio ...................................................... Wright-Patterson Air Force Base ...................................... ......................................... $6,623,000 
Oregon .................................................. Klamath Falls IAP ...................................................... ............................................... $2,500,000 
South Carolina .................................... Fort Jackson ................................................................. ............................................. $26,157,000 
Texas .................................................... Joint Base San Antonio ................................................ ............................................. $61,776,000 
Virginia ............................................... Fort Belvoir ............................................................ ................................................... $9,500,000 
Joint Base Langley-Eustis ......................................................................................... $28,000,000 
Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Story ............................................................ $23,916,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construc-tion projects outside the United States as 
specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations 
outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following: 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Djibouti ........................................ Camp Lemonier .................................................................. ........................................... $43,700,000 
Germany ........................................ Garmisch ........................................................................ ............................................... $14,676,000 
Grafenwoehr .................................................................................................................. $3 8,138,000 
Spangdahlem Air Base .................................................................................................. $39,571,0 00 
Stuttgart-Patch Barracks ............................................................................................ $49,413,000  
Japan ............................................ Kadena Air Base ............................................................... ............................................. $37,485,000 
Poland ........................................... RedziKowo Base ................................................................ ............................................ $169,153,000 
Spain ............................................. Rota ......................................................................... ..................................................... $13,737,000 
SEC. 2402. AUTHORIZED ENERGY CONSERVATION 
PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 
2403(a) and available for energy conservation projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Sec-retary of Defense may carry out energy con-
servation projects under chapter 173 of title 
10, United States Code, for the installations or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3551 June 2, 2015 
Energy Conservation Projects: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
American Samoa .................................. Wake Island .................................................................... ............................................ $5,331,000 
Edwards Air Force Base ............................................................................................. $4,550,000 
Fort Hunter Liggett ................................................................................................... $22,000,0 00 
Colorado .............................................. Schriever Air Force Base ................................................. .......................................... $4,400,000 
District of Columbia ............................. NSA Washington/NRL ............................................................ .................................... $10,990,000 
Guam ................................................... Naval Base Guam ......................................................... .............................................. $5,330,000 
Hawaii .................................................. Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam ......................................... ...................................... $13,780,000 
Marine Corps Recruiting Command Kaneohe Bay ..................................................... $5,740,000 
Idaho ..................................................... Moutain Home Air Force Base .......................................... ......................................... $6,471,000 
Montana ............................................... Malmstrom Air Force Base ................................................. ....................................... $4,260,000 
Virginia ................................................ Pentagon ............................................................... ..................................................... $4,528,000 
Washington ........................................... Joint Base Lewis-McChord .................................................. ....................................... $14,770,000 
Various locations .................................. Various locations ........................................................... ............................................ $25,809,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for energy conservation projects outside the United States as speci-
fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, for the installa-
tions or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the fol-lowing table: 
Energy Conservation Projects: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Bahamas ....................................... Ascension Aux Airfield St. Helena ................................................ ................................ $5,500,000 
Japan ............................................. Yokoska ...................................................................... .................................................. $12,940,000 
Various locations .......................... Various locations ................................................................... ....................................... $3,600,000 
SEC. 2403. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
DEFENSE AGENCIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family hous-ing functions of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the 
cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2401 of this Act may not exceed the sum of the following: 
(1) The total amount authorized to be ap-
propriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(2) $747,435,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2401(a) of this Act for an operations facility at Fort Meade, Maryland). 
(3) $20,800,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2401(b) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112– 239; 126 Stat. 2129) for the Aegis Ashore Mis-sile Defense System Complex at Deveselu, Romania). 
(4) $141,039,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2401(a) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112– 81; 125 Stat. 1672), as amended by section 
2404(a) of the Military Construction Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2131), for a data center at Fort Meade, Maryland). 
(5) $50,500,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2401(a) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112– 81; 125 Stat. 1672) for an Ambulatory Care Center at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland). 
(6) $54,300,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2401(a) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112– 81; 125 Stat. 1672) for an Ambulatory Care Center at Joint Base San Antonio, Texas). 
(7) $441,134,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2401(b) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112– 81; 125 Stat. 1673) for a hospital at the Rhine Ordnance Barracks, Germany). 
(8) $41,441,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized under section 2401(a) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010 (division B of Public Law 111– 84; 123 Stat. 2640) for a hospital at Fort Bliss, Texas). 
(9) $123,827,000 (the balance of the amount 
authorized as a Military Construction, De-fense-Wide project by title X of the Supple-mental Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32; 123 Stat. 1888) for a data center at Camp Williams, Utah). SEC. 2404. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization in the 
table in section 2401(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1672), as amended by section 2404(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2131), for Fort Meade, Mary-land, for construction of the High Perform-ance Computing Center at the installation, the Secretary of Defense may construct a generator plant capable of producing up to 60 megawatts of back-up electrical power in support of the 60 megawatt technical load. 
SEC. 2405. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 
2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the author-ization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2401 of that Act (125 Stat. 1672) and as amended by section 2405 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3685), shall re-main in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in sub-
section (a) is as follows: 
Defense Agencies: Extension of 2012 Project Authorizations 
State Installation or 
Location Project Amount 
California ................................ Naval Base Coronado ........................................ SOF Support Activity Opera tions Facil-
ity ......................................................... $38,800,000 
Virginia ................................... Pentagon Reservation ....................................... Heliport Control Tower an d Fire Station $6,457,000 
Pedestrian Plaza ...................................... $2,285,000 
SEC. 2406. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 
2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the au-
thorizations set forth in the table in sub-section (b), as provided in section 2401 of that Act (126 Stat. 2127), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the en-actment of an Act authorizing funds for mili-
tary construction for fiscal year 2017, which-ever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in sub-
section (a) is as follows: 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3552 June 2, 2015 
Defense Agencies: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations 
State/Country Installation or 
Location Project Amount 
California ................................ Naval Base Coronado ........................................ SOF Mobile Communications Detach-
ment Support Facility .......................... $9,327,000 
Colorado .................................. Pikes Peak ........................................................ High Altitude Medic al Research Center ... $3,600,000 
Germany ................................. Ramstein AB ..................................................... Replace Vogelweh Elemen tary School ..... $61,415,000 
Hawaii ..................................... Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam ...................... SOF SDVT–1 Waterfront Operations  Fa-
cility ..................................................... $22,384,000 
Japan ...................................... CFAS Sasebo ..................................................... Replace Sasebo Eleme ntary School ......... $35,733,000 
Camp Zama ....................................................... Renovate Zama High School .................... $13,273,000 
Pennsylvania .......................... DEF Distribution Depot New Cumberland ........ Replace reservoir ........................... .......... $4,300,000 
United Kingdom ...................... RAF Feltwell .................................................... Feltwell Elementary School Addition ..... $30,811,000 
SEC. 2407. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF 
AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained 
in the table in section 2401(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 995) for Fort Knox, Kentucky, for con-struction of an Ambulatory Care Center at that location, subsequently cancelled by the Department of Defense, substitute authoriza-tion is provided for a 102,000-square foot Med-ical Clinic Replacement at that location in the amount of $80,000,000, using appropria-tions available for the original project pur-suant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2403 of such Act (127 Stat. 997). This substitute authorization shall remain in effect until October 1, 2018, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2019. TITLE XXV—NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY 
ORGANIZATION SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM 
SEC. 2501. AUTHORIZED NATO CONSTRUCTION 
AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may make con-
tributions for the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization Security Investment Program as provided in section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, in an amount not to exceed the sum of the amount authorized to be appro-priated for this purpose in section 2502 and the amount collected from the North Atlan-tic Treaty Organization as a result of con-
struction previously financed by the United States. 
SEC. 2502. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
NATO. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2015, for contributions by the Sec-retary of Defense under section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, for the share of the United States of the cost of projects for the 
North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program authorized by section 2501 as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4601. 
TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE 
FORCES FACILITIES 
Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and 
Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 2601. AUTHORIZED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to 
the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army National Guard 
State Location Amount 
Alabama ............................................. Camp Foley ................................................................. ................................................ $4,500,000 
Connecticut ........................................ Camp Hartell ................................................................ .............................................. $11,000,000 
Florida ................................................ Palm Coast .............................................................. ................................................... $18,000,000 
Georgia ............................................... Fort Stewart ............................................................. .................................................. $6,800,000 
Illinois ................................................ Sparta ................................................................. ........................................................ $1,900,000 
Kansas ................................................ Salina ................................................................... ....................................................... $6,700,000 
Maryland ............................................ Easton ..................................................................... .................................................... $13,800,000 
Mississippi .......................................... Gulfport .................................................................. .................................................... $40,000,000 
Nevada ................................................ Reno ..................................................................... ....................................................... $8,000,000 
Ohio .................................................... Camp Ravenna ........................................................... ................................................. $3,300,000 
Oregon ................................................ Salem .................................................................... ...................................................... $16,500,000 
Pennsylvania ...................................... Fort Indiantown Gap .......................................................... ........................................ $16,000,000 
Vermont ............................................. North Hyde Park ............................................................ ............................................ $7,900,000 
Virginia .............................................. Richmond ................................................................. ................................................... $29,000,000 
SEC. 2602. AUTHORIZED ARMY RESERVE CON-
STRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2606 
and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4601, the Secretary of the Army may ac-quire real property and carry out military 
construction projects for the Army Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army Reserve: Inside the United States 
State Location Amount 
California ............................................................ Miramar .................................................. .................................................... $24,000,000 
Florida ................................................................ MacDill Air Force Base .................................. ............................................ $55,000,000 
New York ............................................................ Orangeburg ................................................. ................................................ $4,200,000 
Pennsylvania ...................................................... Conneaut Lake ................................................ ........................................... $5,000,000 
Virginia .............................................................. A.P. Hill ................................................ ...................................................... $24,000,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2606 
and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in sec-
tion 4601, the Secretary of the Army may ac-
quire real property and carry out a military construction project for the Army Reserve location outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3553 June 2, 2015 
Army Reserve: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Puerto Rico ......................................................... Fort Buchanan .............................................. .............................................. $10,200,000 
SEC. 2603. AUTHORIZED NAVY RESERVE AND MA-
RINE CORPS RESERVE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to 
the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National 
Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve lo-
cations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve 
State Location Amount 
Nevada ................................................................ Fallon ................................................... ...................................................... $11,408,000 
New York ............................................................ Brooklyn ................................................... .................................................. $2,479,000 
Virginia .............................................................. Dam Neck ................................................. .................................................. $18,443,000 
SEC. 2604. AUTHORIZED AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to 
the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National 
Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for 
the Air National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air National Guard 
State Location Amount 
Alabama .............................................................. Dannelly Field ............................................ ................................................ $7,600,000 
California ............................................................ Moffett Field ............................................ .................................................. $6,500,000 
Colorado .............................................................. Buckley Air Force Base ................................... ........................................... $5,100,000 
Connecticut ........................................................ Bradley ..................................................... .................................................. $6,300,000 
Florida ................................................................ Cape Canaveral .......................................... ................................................. $6,100,000 
Georgia ............................................................... Savannah/Hilton Head IAP ................................. ........................................ $9,000,000 
Hawaii ................................................................. Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .......................... ..................................... $9,700,000 
Iowa .................................................................... Des Moines Map ......................................... ................................................. $6,700,000 
Kansas ................................................................ Smokey Hill ANG Range .................................... ........................................ $2,900,000 
Louisiana ............................................................ New Orleans ............................................... ................................................. $10,000,000 
Maine .................................................................. Bangor IAP .............................................. ................................................... $7,200,000 
New Hampshire ................................................... Pease International Tradeport .................................. ................................. $4,300,000 
New Jersey .......................................................... Atlantic City IAP .......................................... ............................................. $10,200,000 
New York ............................................................ Niagara Falls IAP .......................................... ............................................. $7,700,000 
North Carolina .................................................... Charlotte/Douglas IAP ........................................ ........................................ $9,000,000 
North Dakota ...................................................... Hector IAP ................................................... ............................................... $7,300,000 
Oklahoma ........................................................... Will Rogers World Airport ................................... ....................................... $7,600,000 
Oregon ................................................................ Klamath Falls IAP ........................................ ............................................. $7,200,000 
West Virginia ...................................................... Yeager Airport .............................................. .............................................. $3,900,000 
SEC. 2605. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE RESERVE 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to 
the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National 
Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for 
the Air Force Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force Reserve 
State Location Amount 
California ........................................................... March Air Force Base ...................................... ........................................... $4,600,000 
Florida ................................................................ Patrick Air Force Base .................................. ............................................. $3,400,000 
Georgia ............................................................... Dobbins Air Reserve Base ................................. .......................................... $10,400,000 
Ohio .................................................................... Youngstown ............................................. ................................................... $9,400,000 
Texas .................................................................. Joint Base San Antonio .................................. ............................................ $9,900,000 
SEC. 2606. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2015, for the costs of acquisition, architectural and engineering services, and construction of facilities for the Guard and Reserve Forces, and for contributions there-for, under chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code (including the cost of acquisi-tion of land for those facilities), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. Subtitle B—Others Matters 
SEC. 2611. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF 
AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECT. 
(a) M ODIFICATION .—In the case of the au-
thorization contained in the table in section 2602 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2135) for Aber-deen Proving Ground, Maryland, for con-struction of an Army Reserve Center at that location, the Secretary of the Army may construct a new facility in the vicinity of Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland. 
(b) D
URATION OF AUTHORITY .—Notwith-
standing section 2002 of the Military Con-struction Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B 
of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the au-thorization set forth in subsection (a) shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
SEC. 2612. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) D AVIS-MONTHAN AFB.—In the case of the 
authorization contained in the table in sec-tion 2605 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3689) for Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona, for 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3554 June 2, 2015 
construction of a Guardian Angel Operations 
facility at that location, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a new 5,913 square 
meter (63,647 square foot) facility in the amount of $18,200,000. 
(b) F
ORTSMITH.—In the case of the author-
ization contained in the table in section 2604 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3689) for Fort Smith Municipal Airport, Arkansas, for construc-tion of a consolidated Secure Compart-mented Information Facility at that loca-
tion, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a new facility in the amount of $15,200,000. 
SEC. 2613. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 
2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the author-izations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2602 of that Act 
(125 Stat. 1678), and extended by section 2611 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3690, 3691), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in sub-
section (a) is as follows: 
Extension of 2012 National Guard and Reserve Project Authorization 
State Location Project Amount 
Kansas ..................................... Kansas City ....................................................... Army Reserve Cente r ............................... $13,000,000 
Massachusetts ......................... Attleboro .......................................................... Army Reserve Center ... ............................ $22,000,000 
SEC. 2614. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 
2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the au-
thorizations set forth in the table in sub-section (b), as provided in sections 2601, 2602, and 2603 of that Act (126 Stat. 2134, 2135) shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in sub-
section (a) is as follows: 
Extension of 2013 National Guard and Reserve Project Authorization 
State Location Project Amount 
Arizona ................................... Yuma ................................................................ Reserve Training Facility—Yuma ........... $5,379,000 
California ................................ Tustin ............................................................... Army Reserve Cen ter ............................... $27,000,000 
Iowa ........................................ Fort Des Moines ................................................ Joint Reserve Center —Des Moines .......... $19,162,000 
Louisiana ................................ New Orleans ...................................................... Transient Quarters ... ................................ $7,187,000 
New York ................................ Camp Smith (Stormville) ................................. Combined Support Maintenance Sh op 
Phase 1 .................................................. $24,000,000 
TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND 
CLOSURE ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 2701. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
FOR BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLO-SURE ACTIVITIES FUNDED THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2015, for base realignment and clo-sure activities, including real property ac-quisition and military construction projects, as authorized by the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and funded through the Department of Defense Base Closure Account established by section 2906 of such Act (as amended by sec-tion 2711 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2140)), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2702. PROHIBITION ON CONDUCTING ADDI-
TIONAL BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE (BRAC) ROUND. 
Nothing in the Act shall be construed to 
authorize an additional round of defense base closure and realignment. 
TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Construction Program 
and Military Family Housing Changes 
SEC. 2801. AUTHORITY FOR ACCEPTANCE AND 
USE OF CONTRIBUTIONS FOR CER-TAIN MUTUALLY BENEFICIAL PROJECTS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Subchapter II of chapter 
138 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2350n. Construction, maintenance, and re-
pair projects mutually beneficial to the De-partment of Defense and armed forces of a partner nation 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TO ACCEPT CONTRIBU -
TIONS .—The Secretary of Defense, after con-
sultation with the Secretary of State, may accept cash contributions from any partner 
nation for the purposes specified in sub-section (c). 
‘‘(b) A
CCOUNTING .—Contributions accepted 
under subsection (a) shall be placed in an ac-count established by the Secretary of De-
fense and shall remain available until ex-pended for the purposes specified in sub-section (c). 
‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY OF CONTRIBUTIONS .—Con-
tributions accepted under subsection (a) shall be available only for payment of costs in connection with mutually beneficial con-struction (including military construction not otherwise authorized by law), mainte-nance, and repair projects. 
‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF CONTRIBUTIONS  
TOOFFSET BURDEN SHARING CONTRIBUTIONS  
REQUIRED OF PARTNER NATIONS .—Contribu-
tions accepted under subsection (a) may not be used to offset burden sharing contribu-tions that are otherwise required to be pro-vided by partner nations. 
‘‘(e) M
UTUALLY BENEFICIAL DEFINED .—A 
project shall be considered to be ‘mutually beneficial’ for purposes of this section if— 
‘‘(1) the project is in support of a bilateral 
defense cooperation agreement between the United States and a partner nation; or 
‘‘(2) the Secretary of Defense determines 
that the United States may derive a benefit from the project, including— 
‘‘(A) access to and use of facilities of the 
armed forces of a partner nation; 
‘‘(B) ability or capacity for future force 
posture; and 
‘‘(C) increased interoperability between 
the Department of Defense and the armed forces of a partner nation.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘2350n. Construction, maintenance, and re-
pair projects mutually bene-ficial to the Department of De-fense and armed forces of a partner nation.’’. SEC. 2802. CHANGE IN AUTHORITIES RELATING 
TO SCOPE OF WORK VARIATIONS FOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS. 
(a) L IMITED AUTHORITY FOR SCOPE OF WORK 
INCREASE .—Section 2853 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘The 
scope of work’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as pro-vided in subsection (d), the scope of work’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) 
as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d) The limitation in subsection (b)(2) on 
an increase in the scope of work does not apply if— 
‘‘(1) the increase in the scope of work is 
not more than 10 percent of the amount spec-ified for that project, construction, improve-ment, or acquisition in the justification data provided to Congress as part of the request for authorization of the project, construc-tion, improvement, or acquisition; 
‘‘(2) the increase is approved by the Sec-
retary concerned; 
‘‘(3) the Secretary concerned notifies the 
congressional defense committees in writing of the increase in scope and the reasons therefor; and 
‘‘(4) a period of 21 days has elapsed after 
the date on which the notification is re-ceived by the committees or, if over sooner, a period of 14 days has elapsed after the date on which a copy of the notification is pro-vided in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of this title.’’. 
(b) C
ROSS-REFERENCE AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Subsection (a) of such section is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘subsection (c) or (d)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (c), (d), or (e)’’. 
(2) Subsection (f) of such section, as redes-
ignated by subsection (a)(2), is amended by striking ‘‘through (d)’’ and inserting 
‘‘through (e)’’. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL TECHNICAL AMENDMENT .— 
Subsection (a) of such section is further amended by inserting ‘‘of this title’’ after ‘‘section 2805(a)’’. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3555 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 2803. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY, LIMITED 
AUTHORITY TO USE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FUNDS FOR CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection 
(h) of section 2808 of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (division B of Public Law 108–136; 117 Stat. 1723), as most recently amended by section 2806 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3699), is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 
31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF AUTHORITY .—Sub-
section (c)(1) of such section is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2014’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘October 1, 2015’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and in-
serting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’ and in-
serting ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’. 
(c) E LIMINATION OF REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENT .—Such section is further amended by 
striking subsection (d). 
SEC. 2804. MODIFICATION OF REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENT ON IN-KIND CONSTRUC-TION AND RENOVATION PAYMENTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than December 
31, 2016, and annually thereafter, the Sec-retary of Defense shall provide the congres-sional defense committees a report on in- kind construction and renovation payments received during the preceding fiscal year. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) A listing of each facility constructed or 
renovated for the Department of Defense as payment in-kind. 
(B) An estimate of the value in United 
States dollars of that construction or ren-ovation. 
(C) A description of the source of the in- 
kind payment. 
(D) A description of the agreement pursu-
ant to which the in-kind payment was made. 
(E) A description of the purpose and need 
for the construction or renovation. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF EXISTING REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENT .—Section 2805 of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2149) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 2805. LAB MODERNIZATION PILOT PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOUSERESEARCH , DEVELOP -
MENT , TEST, AND EVALUATION FUNDS .—The 
Secretary of Defense may fund military con-struction projects at the Department of De-fense science and technology reinvention laboratories (as designated by section 1105(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note)), using amounts appro-priated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense for research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation. 
(b) C
ONDITIONS .—Amounts made available 
pursuant to subsection (a) may be used for the purpose of funding major military con-struction projects that meet the following conditions: 
(1) Projects are subject to the require-
ments of section 2802 of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) Projects are included in the budget sub-
mitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. 
(3) Funds are specifically appropriated for 
the projects. 
(c) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall 
certify, as part of the budget submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, 
United States Code, that military construc-tion projects proposed pursuant to sub-section (a)— 
(1) will support the research and develop-
ment activities at Department of Defense science and technology reinvention labora-tories (as designated by section 1105(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note)) of more than one military depart-ment or Defense Agency or a technology de-velopment program that is consistent with the fielding of offset technologies as de-scribed in section 212. 
(2) have been endorsed for funding by more 
than one military department or Defense Agency; 
(3) will establish facilities that will have 
significant potential for use by entities out-side the Department of Defense, including universities, industrial partners, and other Federal agencies; and 
(4) cannot be fully funded under the thresh-
olds specified by section 2805 of title 10, United States Code. 
(d) F
UNDS .—Amounts used for the pilot 
program established under this section may not exceed $100,000,000 for any fiscal year. 
(e) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au-
thority provided under this section termi-nates on October 1, 2020. 
SEC. 2806. CONVEYANCE TO INDIAN TRIBES OF 
CERTAIN HOUSING UNITS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) E XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Exec-
utive Director’’ means the Executive Direc-tor of Walking Shield, Inc. 
(2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ 
means any Indian tribe included on the list published by the Secretary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Recog-nized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C.479a–1). 
(b) R
EQUESTS FOR CONVEYANCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Executive Director 
may submit to the Secretary of the military department concerned, on behalf of any In-dian tribe, a request for conveyance of any relocatable military housing unit located at a military installation in the United States. 
(2) C
ONFLICTS .—The Executive Director 
shall resolve any conflict among requests of Indian tribes for housing units described in paragraph (1) before submitting a request to the Secretary of the military department concerned under this subsection. 
(c) C
ONVEYANCE BY A SECRETARY .—Not-
withstanding any other provision of law, on receipt of a request under subsection (b)(1), the Secretary of the military department concerned may convey to the Indian tribe that is the subject of the request, at no cost to such military department and without consideration, any relocatable military housing unit described in subsection (b)(1) that, as determined by such Secretary, is in excess of the needs of the military. 
Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities 
Administration 
SEC. 2811. UTILITY SYSTEM CONVEYANCE AU-
THORITY. 
Section 2688(j) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘CONSTRUCTION OF ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ONVEY -
ANCE OF ADDITIONAL ’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (C); (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and 
(D) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respec-tively; 
(C) in subparagraph (A), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (B) of this paragraph, by strik-ing ‘‘utility system;’’ and inserting ‘‘, or op-erating the additional utility infrastructure would be in the best interest of the govern-ment using a business case analysis similar 
to the analysis required under subsection (d)(2); and’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (B), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘amount equal to the fair mar-ket value of’’ and inserting ‘‘amount for’’. 
SEC. 2812. LEASING OF NON-EXCESS PROPERTY 
OF MILITARY DEPARTMENTS AND DEFENSE AGENCIES; TREATMENT OF VALUE PROVIDED BY LOCAL EDUCATION AGENCIES AND ELE-MENTARY AND SECONDARY SCHOOLS. 
Section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(k) L
EASES FOR EDUCATION .—Notwith-
standing subsection (b)(4), the Secretary concerned may accept consideration in an amount that is less than the fair market value of the lease, if the lease is to a local education agency or an elementary or sec-ondary school (as those terms are defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)).’’. 
SEC. 2813. MODIFICATION OF FACILITY REPAIR 
NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT. 
Section 2811 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘or 75 
percent of the estimated cost of a military construction project to replace the facility, or the facility is located at an overseas loca-tion that has not been designated a main op-erating base or forward operating site’’ after ‘‘in excess of $7,500,000’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (f); and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(e) N
OTIFICATION THRESHOLD .—The con-
gressional notification requirement under subsection (d) does not apply to a repair project costing less than $1,000,000.’’. 
SEC. 2814. INCREASE OF THRESHOLD OF NOTICE 
AND WAIT REQUIREMENT FOR CER-TAIN FACILITIES FOR RESERVE COMPONENTS AND PARITY WITH AU-THORITY FOR UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND RE-PAIR PROJECTS. 
(a) N OTICE AND WAITREQUIREMENT .—Sub-
section (a) of section 18233a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$750,000’’ and inserting ‘‘the amount speci-fied in section 2805(b)(1) of this title’’. 
(b) R
EPAIR PROJECTS .—Subsection (b)(3) of 
such section is amended by striking ‘‘$7,500,000’’ and inserting ‘‘the amount speci-fied in section 2811(b) of this title’’. 
Subtitle C—Land Conveyances 
SEC. 2821. RELEASE OF REVERSIONARY INTER-
EST RETAINED AS PART OF CONVEY-ANCE TO THE ECONOMIC DEVELOP-MENT ALLIANCE OF JEFFERSON COUNTY, ARKANSAS. 
(a) R ELEASE OF CONDITIONS AND RETAINED  
INTERESTS .—With respect to a parcel of real 
property in Jefferson County, Arkansas, con-sisting of approximately 1,447 acres and con-veyed by deed to the Economic Development Alliance of Jefferson County, Arkansas (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Economic De-velopment Alliance’’) by the United States for use as the facility known as the ‘‘Bioplex’’ and related activities pursuant to section 2827 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 1997 (Public Law 104–201), the Secretary of the Army may re-lease subject to the conditions of subsections (b) and (d) below, the conditions of convey-ance of subsection (c) of such section 2827 and the reversionary interest retained by the United States under subsection (e) of such section. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION .— 
(1) E FFECT OF RECONVEYANCE .—Notwith-
standing subsection (d) of such section 2827, 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3556 June 2, 2015 
the release authorized by subsection (a) of 
this section shall be subject to the condition that, if the Economic Development Alliance reconveys all or any part of the conveyed property during the 25-year period referred to in subsection (c)(2) of such section, the Economic Development Alliance shall pay to the United States, upon reconveyance, an amount equal to the fair market value of the reconveyed property as of the time of the re-conveyance, excluding the value of any im-provements made to the property by the Economic Development Alliance. 
(2) D
ETERMINATION OF FAIR MARKET  
VALUE .—The Secretary of the Army shall de-
termine fair market value in accordance with Federal appraisal standards and proce-dures. 
(3) T
REATMENT OF LEASES .—The Secretary 
of the Army may treat a lease of the prop-erty within such 25-year period as a re-conveyance if the Secretary determines that the lease is being used to avoid application of paragraph (1). 
(4) D
EPOSIT OF PROCEEDS .—The Secretary of 
the Army shall deposit any proceeds received under this subsection in the special account established pursuant to section 572(b) of title 40, United States Code. 
(c) I
NSTRUMENT OF RELEASE .—The Sec-
retary of the Army may execute and file in the appropriate office a deed of release, amended deed, or other appropriate instru-ment reflecting the release of conditions and retained interests under subsection (a). 
(d) P
AYMENT OF ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— 
(1) P AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
the Army shall require the Economic Devel-opment Alliance to cover costs to be in-curred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Sec-retary, to carry out the release of conditions and retained interests under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs related to envi-ronmental documentation, and other admin-istrative costs related to the release. If amounts paid to the Secretary in advance exceed the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the release, the Sec-retary shall refund the excess amount to the Economic Development Alliance. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— 
Amounts received under paragraph (1) as re-imbursement for costs incurred by the Sec-retary to carry out the release under sub-section (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the release. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limita-tions, as amounts in such fund or account. 
(e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— 
The Secretary of the Army may require such additional terms and conditions in connec-tion with the release of conditions and re-tained interests under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States, including provisions that the Secretary determines are necessary to preclude any use of the prop-erty that would interfere with activities at Pine Bluff Arsenal. 
DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—National Security Programs 
Authorizations 
SEC. 3101. NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY AD-
MINISTRATION. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2016 for the activities of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration in 
carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF NEW PLANT  
PROJECTS .—From funds referred to in sub-
section (a) that are available for carrying out plant projects, the Secretary of Energy may carry out the following new plant project for the National Nuclear Security Administration: 
Project 16–D–621, Substation Replacement 
at Technical Area 3, Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, New Mexico, $25,000,000. 
SEC. 3102. DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2016 for defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
SEC. 3103. OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2016 for other defense activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 3111. RESPONSIVE CAPABILITIES PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XLII of 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2521 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4220. RESPONSIVE CAPABILITIES PRO-
GRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
establish and carry out a program to exer-cise the technical capabilities of the Admin-istration with respect to design and produc-tion of nuclear weapons to ensure that the Administration is ready to respond to future uncertainties not addressed by existing life extension programs. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .—The Adminis-
trator shall ensure that the program re-quired by subsection (a)— 
‘‘(1) is integrated across the science, engi-
neering, design, and manufacturing cycle of the Administration; 
‘‘(2) results in— ‘‘(A) physics models of components and 
systems the understanding of which will en-sure existing models and experimental capa-bilities are robust, capable of being certified as safe and reliable in the absence of testing, and contribute to the predictive design framework; 
‘‘(B) shortened engineering design cycles 
that minimize the amount of time leading to an engineering prototype; and 
‘‘(C) rapid manufacturing capabilities to 
reduce the time and cost of production; and 
‘‘(3) integrates physics, engineering, and 
production capabilities into joint test assem-blies and designs.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 4219 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4220. Responsive capabilities pro-
gram.’’. 
SEC. 3112. LONG-TERM PLAN FOR MEETING NA-
TIONAL SECURITY REQUIREMENTS FOR UNENCUMBERED URANIUM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XLII of 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2521 et seq.), as amended by section 3111, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4221. LONG-TERM PLAN FOR MEETING NA-
TIONAL SECURITY REQUIREMENTS FOR UNENCUMBERED URANIUM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Concurrent with the 
submission to Congress of the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, in each even-numbered 
year beginning in 2016, the Secretary of En-ergy shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a plan for meeting na-tional security requirements for unencumbered uranium through 2065. 
‘‘(b) P
LAN REQUIREMENTS .—The plan re-
quired by subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) An inventory of unencumbered ura-
nium (other than depleted uranium), by pro-gram source and enrichment level, that, as of the date of the plan, is allocated to na-tional security requirements. 
‘‘(2) An inventory of unencumbered ura-
nium (other than depleted uranium), by pro-gram source and enrichment level, that, as of the date of the plan, is not allocated to national security requirements but could be allocated to such requirements. 
‘‘(3) An identification of national security 
requirements for unencumbered uranium, by program source and enrichment level. 
‘‘(4) A description of any shortfall in ob-
taining unencumbered uranium to meet na-tional security requirements and an assess-ment of whether that shortfall could be miti-gated through the blending down of uranium that is of a higher enrichment level. 
‘‘(5) An inventory of unencumbered de-
pleted uranium, an assessment of the portion of that uranium that could be allocated to national security requirements through re- enrichment, and an estimate of the costs of re-enriching that uranium. 
‘‘(6) A description of the swap and barter 
agreements involving unencumbered ura-nium needed to meet national security re-quirements that are in effect on the date of the plan. 
‘‘(7) An assessment of whether additional 
enrichment of uranium will be required to meet national security requirements and an estimate of the time for production oper-ations and the cost for each type of enrich-ment being considered. 
‘‘(8) A description of changes in policy that 
would mitigate any shortfall in obtaining unencumbered uranium to meet national se-curity requirements and the implications of those changes. 
‘‘(c) F
ORM OF PLAN.—The plan required by 
subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘depleted’, with respect to 
uranium, means that the uranium is de-pleted in uranium-235 compared with natural uranium. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘unencumbered’, with re-
spect to uranium, means that the United States has no obligation to foreign govern-ments to use the uranium for only peaceful purposes.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act, as amended by section 3111, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4220 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4221. Long-term plan for meeting na-
tional security requirements for unencumbered uranium.’’. 
SEC. 3113. DEFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERA-
TION MANAGEMENT PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XLIII of the Atomic 
Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2563 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4309. DEFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERA-
TION MANAGEMENT PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Concurrent with the 
submission to Congress of the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, in each odd-numbered year beginning in 2017, the Administrator shall submit to the congressional defense 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3557 June 2, 2015 
committees a five-year management plan for 
activities associated with the defense nu-clear nonproliferation programs of the Ad-ministration. 
‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-
section (a) shall include, with respect to each defense nuclear nonproliferation program of the Administration, the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of the following: ‘‘(A) The policy context in which the pro-
gram operates, including— 
‘‘(i) a list of relevant laws, policy direc-
tives issued by the President, and inter-national agreements; and 
‘‘(ii) nuclear nonproliferation activities 
carried out by other Federal agencies. 
‘‘(B) The objectives and priorities of the 
program during the year preceding the sub-mission of the plan required by subsection (a). 
‘‘(C) The activities carried out under the 
program during that year. 
‘‘(D) The accomplishments and challenges 
of the program during that year. 
‘‘(2) Plans for activities of the program 
during the five-year period beginning on the date on which the plan required by sub-section (a) is submitted, including activities with respect to the following: 
‘‘(A) Preventing nuclear and radiological 
proliferation and terrorism, including through— 
‘‘(i) material management and minimiza-
tion; 
‘‘(ii) global nuclear material security; ‘‘(iii) nonproliferation and arms control; ‘‘(iv) defense nuclear research and develop-
ment; and 
‘‘(v) nonproliferation construction pro-
grams, including activities associated De-partment of Energy Order 413.1 (relating to program management controls). 
‘‘(B) Countering nuclear and radiological 
proliferation and terrorism. 
‘‘(C) Responding to nuclear and radio-
logical proliferation and terrorism, including through— 
‘‘(i) crisis operations; ‘‘(ii) consequences management; and ‘‘(iii) emergency management, including 
international capacity building. 
‘‘(3) A threat analysis in support of the 
plans described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(4) A plan for funding the program during 
the five-year period beginning on the date on which the plan required by subsection (a) is submitted. 
‘‘(5) A description of funds for the program 
received through contributions from or cost- sharing agreements with foreign govern-ments consistent section 3132(f) of the Ron-ald W. Reagan National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (50 U.S.C. 2569(f)). 
‘‘(6) Such other matters as the Adminis-
trator considers appropriate. 
‘‘(c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The plan required 
by subsection (a) may be submitted to the congressional defense committees in classi-fied form if necessary.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 4308 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4309. Defense nuclear nonproliferation 
management plan.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING REPEALS .— 
(1) Section 3122 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1710) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsections (a) and (b); (B) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), 
and (e) as subsections (a), (b), and (c), respec-tively; and 
(C) in paragraph (2) of subsection (b), as re-
designated by subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(2)’’. (2) Section 3145 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2197) is repealed. 
SEC. 3114. PLAN FOR DEACTIVATION AND DE-
COMMISSIONING OF NON-OPERATIONAL DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title XLIV 
of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2602 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4423. PLAN FOR DEACTIVATION AND DE-
COMMISSIONING OF NON-OPERATIONAL DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—During each even-num-
bered year beginning in 2016, the Secretary of Energy shall develop a plan to provide guidance for the activities of the Depart-ment of Energy relating to the deactivation and decommissioning of nonoperational de-fense nuclear facilities. 
‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A list of nonoperational defense nu-
clear facilities, prioritized for deactivation and decommissioning based on the potential to reduce risks to human health, property, or the environment and to maximize cost savings. 
‘‘(2) An assessment of the life cycle costs of 
each nonoperational defense nuclear facility during the period beginning on the date on which the plan is submitted under subsection (c) and ending on the earlier of— 
‘‘(A) the date that is 25 years after the date 
on which the plan is submitted; or 
‘‘(B) the estimated date for deactivation 
and decommissioning of the facility. 
‘‘(3) An estimate of the cost and time need-
ed to deactivate and decommission each non-operational defense nuclear facility, if avail-able. 
‘‘(4) An estimate of the time at which the 
Office of Environmental Management antici-pates accepting nonoperational defense nu-clear facilities for deactivation and decom-missioning. 
‘‘(5) An estimate of costs that could be 
avoided by— 
‘‘(A) accelerating the cleanup of non-
operational defense nuclear facilities; or 
‘‘(B) other means, such as reusing such fa-
cilities for another purpose. 
‘‘(c) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than March 31 of each even-numbered year beginning in 2016, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— 
‘‘(1) the plan required by subsection (a); ‘‘(2) a description of the deactivation and 
decommissioning actions expected to be taken during the following fiscal year pursu-ant to the plan; and 
‘‘(3) in the case of a report submitted dur-
ing 2018 or any year thereafter, a description of the deactivation and decommissioning ac-tions taken at each nonoperational defense nuclear facility during the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(d) T
ERMINATION .—The requirements of 
this section shall terminate after the sub-mission to the congressional defense com-mittees of the report required by subsection (c) to be submitted not later than March 31, 2026. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘life cycle costs’, with re-
spect to a facility, means— 
‘‘(A) the present and future costs of all re-
sources and associated cost elements re-quired to develop, produce, deploy, or sustain the facility; and 
‘‘(B) the present and future costs to deacti-
vate, decommission, and deconstruct the fa-cility. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘nonoperational defense nu-
clear facility’ means a production facility or utilization facility (as those terms are de-
fined in section 11 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2014)) under the control or jurisdiction of the Secretary of Energy and operated for national security purposes that is no longer needed for the mission of the De-partment of Energy, including the National Nuclear Security Administration.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 4422 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4423. Plan for deactivation and decom-
missioning of nonoperational defense nuclear facilities.’’. 
SEC. 3115. HANFORD WASTE TREATMENT AND IM-
MOBILIZATION PLANT CONTRACT OVERSIGHT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title XLIV 
of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4446. HANFORD WASTE TREATMENT AND 
IMMOBILIZATION PLANT CONTRACT OVERSIGHT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2016, the Secretary of Energy shall ar-range to have an owner’s agent assist the Secretary in carrying out the oversight re-sponsibilities of the Secretary with respect to the contract described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) C
ONTRACT DESCRIBED .—The contract 
described in this subsection is the contract between the Office of River Protection of the Department of Energy and Bechtel National, Inc. or its successor relating to the Hanford Waste Treatment and Immobilization Plant (contract number DE–AC27–01RV14136). 
‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—The duties of the owner’s 
agent under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) Performing design, construction, nu-
clear safety, and operability oversight of each facility covered by the contract de-scribed in subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) Beginning not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, ensuring that the preliminary doc-umented safety analyses for all facilities covered by the contract meet the require-ments of all applicable Department of En-ergy regulations and guidance, including sec-tion 830.206 of title 10, Code of Federal Regu-lations, and the Department of Energy Standard on the Integration of Safety into the Design Process (DOE–STD–1189–2008). 
‘‘(3) Assisting the Secretary in ensuring 
that, until the Secretary approves the docu-mented safety analysis for each facility cov-ered by the contract, the contractor ensures that each preliminary documented safety analysis is current. 
‘‘(4) Ensuring that the contractor acts to 
promptly resolve any unreviewed safety questions. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, and every 180 days thereafter, the owner’s agent specified in subsection (a) shall submit to the Secretary and the con-gressional defense committees a report on the assistance provided by the owner’s agent to the Secretary under that subsection with respect to oversight of the contract de-scribed in subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) Information on the status of, and the 
plan for resolving, each unreviewed safety question at each facility covered by the con-tract described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(B) An identification of each instance of 
disagreement between the owner’s agent and 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3558 June 2, 2015 
the contractor with respect to whether an 
unreviewed safety question exists and the plan for resolution of the disagreement. 
‘‘(C) An identification of each aspect of 
each preliminary documented safety anal-ysis that is not current, the plan for making that aspect current, and the status of the corrective efforts. 
‘‘(D) Information on the status of, and the 
plan for resolving, each unresolved technical issue at each facility covered by the con-tract, and the status of corrective efforts. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘contractor’ means Bechtel 
National, Inc. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘current’, with respect to a 
documented safety analysis, means that the documented safety analysis includes any de-sign changes approved by the contractor and any safety evaluation reports issued by the Secretary with respect to the facility cov-ered by the analysis before the date that is 60 days before the date of the analysis. 
‘‘(3) The terms ‘documented safety anal-
ysis’, ‘safety evaluation report’, and ‘unreviewed safety question’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 830.3 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar ruling or regulation). 
‘‘(4) The term ‘owner’s agent’ means a pri-
vate third-party entity with nuclear safety management expertise and without any con-tractual relationship with the contractor or conflict of interest.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 4445 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4446. Hanford Waste Treatment and 
Immobilization Plant contract oversight.’’. 
SEC. 3116. ASSESSMENT OF EMERGENCY PRE-
PAREDNESS OF DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XLVIII 
of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2781 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 4802 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4802A. ASSESSMENTS OF EMERGENCY PRE-
PAREDNESS OF DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy 
shall include, in each award-fee evaluation conducted under section 16.401 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations, of a manage-ment and operating contract for a Depart-ment of Energy defense nuclear facility in 2016 or any even-numbered year thereafter, an assessment of the adequacy of the emer-gency preparedness of that facility, includ-ing an assessment of the seniority level of employees and contractors of the Depart-ment of Energy that participate in emer-gency preparedness exercises at that facility. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 
days after conducting an assessment under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port on the assessment.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 4802 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4802A. Assessments of emergency pre-
paredness of defense nuclear fa-cilities.’’. 
SEC. 3117. LABORATORY- AND FACILITY-DI-
RECTED RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT PROGRAMS. 
(a) F UNDING FOR LABORATORY -DIRECTED RE-
SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .—Section 4811(c) 
of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2791(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘not to ex-ceed 6 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘of not less than 5 percent and not more than 8 percent’’. 
(b) F
ACILITY -DIRECTED RESEARCH AND DE-
VELOPMENT .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Subtitle B of title XLVIII 
of such Act (50 U.S.C. 2791 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 4811 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4811A. FACILITY-DIRECTED RESEARCH AND 
DEVELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY .—A covered facility that is 
funded out of funds available to the Depart-ment of Energy for national security pro-grams may carry out facility-directed re-search and development. 
‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of En-
ergy shall prescribe regulations for the con-duct of facility-directed research and devel-opment under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) F
UNDING .—Of the funds provided by 
the Department of Energy to covered facili-ties, the Secretary shall provide a specific amount, not to exceed 4 percent of such funds, to be used by such facilities for facil-ity-directed research and development. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C OVERED FACILITY .—The term ‘covered 
facility’ means a nuclear weapons production facility or the Nevada Site Office of the De-partment of Energy. 
‘‘(2) F
ACILITY -DIRECTED RESEARCH AND DE -
VELOPMENT .—The term ‘facility-directed re-
search and development’ means research and development work of a creative and innova-tive nature that, under the regulations pre-scribed pursuant to subsection (b), is se-lected by the director or manager of a cov-ered facility for the purpose of maintaining the vitality of the facility in defense-related scientific disciplines.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 4811 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4811A. Facility-directed research and 
development.’’. 
SEC. 3118. LIMITATION ON BONUSES FOR EM-
PLOYEES OF THE NATIONAL NU-CLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION WHO ENGAGE IN IMPROPER PRO-GRAM MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of the National 
Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 3245. LIMITATION ON BONUSES FOR EM-
PLOYEES WHO ENGAGE IN IM-PROPER PROGRAM MANAGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) L IMITATION .—If the Secretary of En-
ergy or the Administrator determines that a senior employee of the Administration com-mitted improper program management, the Secretary and the Administrator may not pay a bonus to that employee during the one-year period beginning on the date of the determination. 
‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary or the Ad-
ministrator may waive the limitation on the payment of bonuses under subsection (a) on a case-by-case basis if— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary or the Administrator, as 
the case may be, notifies the congressional defense committees of the waiver; and 
‘‘(2) a period of 60 days elapses following 
the notification before the bonus is paid. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘bonus’ means any bonus or 
cash award, including— 
‘‘(A) an award under chapter 45 of title 5, 
United States Code; 
‘‘(B) an additional step-increase under sec-
tion 5336 of title 5, United States Code; 
‘‘(C) an award under section 5384 of title 5, 
United States Code; 
‘‘(D) a recruitment or relocation bonus 
under section 5753 of title 5, United States Code; and 
‘‘(E) a retention bonus under section 5754 
of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘covered project’ means— ‘‘(A) a construction project of the Adminis-
tration that is not a minor construction project (as defined in section 4703(d) of the 
Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2743(d))); or 
‘‘(B) a life extension program. ‘‘(3) The term ‘improper program manage-
ment’ means actions relating to the manage-ment of a covered project that signifi-cantly— 
‘‘(A) delay the project; 
‘‘(B) reduce the scope of the project; or ‘‘(C) increase the cost of the project.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for such Act is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 3244 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 3245. Limitation on bonuses for em-
ployees who engage in improper program management.’’. 
SEC. 3119. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORIZED PER-
SONNEL LEVELS OF THE OFFICE OF THE ADMINISTRATOR FOR NUCLEAR SECURITY. 
Section 3241A(b)(3) of the National Nuclear 
Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441a(b)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) 100 employees in positions established 
under section 3241.’’. 
SEC. 3120. MODIFICATION OF SUBMISSION OF AS-
SESSMENTS OF CERTAIN BUDGET REQUESTS RELATING TO THE NU-CLEAR WEAPONS STOCKPILE. 
Section 3255(a)(2) of the National Nuclear 
Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2455(a)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘in each even-numbered year and 150 days in each odd-numbered year’’ after ‘‘90 days’’. 
SEC. 3121. REPEAL OF PHASE THREE REVIEW OF 
CERTAIN DEFENSE ENVIRON-MENTAL CLEANUP PROJECTS. 
Section 3134 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2713), as amended by section 3134(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2193), is further amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘a series 
of three reviews, as described in subsections (b), (c), and (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘two reviews, as described in subsections (b) and (c)’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (d). 
SEC. 3122. MODIFICATIONS TO COST-BENEFIT 
ANALYSES FOR COMPETITION OF MANAGEMENT AND OPERATING CONTRACTS. 
Section 3121 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2175), as amended by section 3124 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1062), is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; and 
(B) by striking paragraphs (1) through (3) 
and inserting the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(1) a clear and complete description of the 
cost savings the Administrator expects to re-sult from the competition for the contract over the life of the contract, including asso-ciated analyses, assumptions, and informa-tion sources used to determine such cost sav-ings; 
‘‘(2) a description of any key limitations or 
uncertainties that could affect such costs savings, including costs savings that are an-ticipated but not fully known; 
‘‘(3) the costs of the competition for the 
contract, including the immediate costs of conducting the competition; 
‘‘(4) a description of any expected disrup-
tions or delays in mission activities or deliverables resulting from the competition for the contract; 
‘‘(5) a clear and complete description of the 
benefits expected by the Administrator with respect to mission performance or operations resulting from the competition;’’; 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3559 June 2, 2015 
(2) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; 
(3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c) I NFORMATION QUALITY .—A report re-
quired by subsection (a) shall be prepared in accordance with— 
‘‘(1) the information quality guidelines of 
the Department of Energy that are relevant to the clear and complete presentation of in-formation on each matter required to be in-cluded in the report under subsection (b); and 
‘‘(2) best practices of the Government Ac-
countability Office and relevant industries for cost estimating, if appropriate.’’; 
(4) in subsection (d), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2), by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraph (1): 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a review of each report required by subsection (a) with re-spect to a contract not later than 3 years after the report is submitted to such com-mittees that includes an assessment, based on the most current information available, of the following: 
‘‘(A) The actual cost savings achieved com-
pared to cost savings estimated under sub-section (b)(1), and any increased costs in-curred under the contract that were unex-pected or uncertain at the time the contract was awarded. 
‘‘(B) Any disruptions or delays in mission 
activities or deliverables resulting from the competition for the contract compared to the disruptions and delayed estimated under subsection (b)(4). 
‘‘(C) Whether expected benefits of the com-
petition with respect to mission performance or operations have been achieved.’’; and 
(5) in subsection (e), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2013 
through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2020’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (2); (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); and 
(D) in paragraph (2), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘subsections (a) and (d)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’. 
SEC. 3123. REVIEW OF IMPLEMENTATION OF REC-
OMMENDATIONS OF THE CONGRES-
SIONAL ADVISORY PANEL ON THE GOVERNANCE OF THE NUCLEAR SE-CURITY ENTERPRISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall 
enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences and the National Acad-emy of Public Administration (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘‘joint panel’’) to re-view the implementation of the rec-ommendations specified in subsection (b) of 
the Congressional Advisory Panel on the Governance of the Nuclear Security Enter-prise established by section 3166 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2208). 
(b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS SPECIFIED .—The rec-
ommendations specified in this subsection are recommendations 4 through 10, 12, 13, and 15 through 19 in the table of recommenda-tions in the report of the Congressional Ad-visory Panel on the Governance of the Nu-clear Security Enterprise entitled ‘‘A New Foundation for the Nuclear Security Enter-prise’’ and submitted to Congress pursuant to section 3166 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2208), as amended by section 3142 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1069). 
(c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 
March 31, 2016, and annually thereafter through 2020, the joint panel shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port on the review required by subsection (a) that includes an assessment of— 
(1) the status of the implementation of the 
recommendations specified in subsection (b); and 
(2) the extent to which the implementation 
of the recommendations is resulting in the desired effect as envisioned by the Congres-sional Advisory Panel on the Governance of the Nuclear Security Enterprise. 
TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR 
FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
SEC. 3201. AUTHORIZATION. 
There are authorized to be appropriated for 
fiscal year 2016, $29,150,000 for the operation of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board under chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq.). 
DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES 
SEC. 4001. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS IN 
FUNDING TABLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Whenever a funding table 
in this division specifies a dollar amount au-thorized for a project, program, or activity, the obligation and expenditure of the speci-fied dollar amount for the project, program, or activity is hereby authorized, subject to the availability of appropriations. (b) M
ERIT-BASED DECISIONS .—A decision to 
commit, obligate, or expend funds with or to a specific entity on the basis of a dollar amount authorized pursuant to subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be based on merit-based selection proce-
dures in accordance with the requirements of sections 2304(k) and 2374 of title 10, United States Code, or on competitive procedures; and 
(2) comply with other applicable provisions 
of law. 
(c) R
ELATIONSHIP TO TRANSFER AND PRO-
GRAMMING AUTHORITY .—An amount specified 
in the funding tables in this division may be transferred or reprogrammed under a trans-fer or reprogramming authority provided by another provision of this Act or by other law. The transfer or reprogramming of an amount specified in such funding tables shall not count against a ceiling on such transfers or reprogrammings under section 1001 or sec-tion 1522 of this Act or any other provision of law, unless such transfer or reprogramming would move funds between appropriation ac-counts. 
(d) A
PPLICABILITY TO CLASSIFIED ANNEX .— 
This section applies to any classified annex that accompanies this Act. 
(e) O
RAL AND WRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS .— 
No oral or written communication con-cerning any amount specified in the funding tables in this division shall supersede the re-quirements of this section. 
SEC. 4002. CLARIFICATION OF APPLICABILITY OF 
UNDISTRIBUTED REDUCTIONS OF CERTAIN OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE FUNDING AMONG ALL OPER-ATION AND MAINTENANCE FUND-ING. 
Any undistributed reduction in funding 
available for fiscal year 2016 for the Depart-ment of Defense for operation and mainte-nance, as specified in the funding table in section 4301, that is attributable to savings in connection with foreign currency fluctua-tions or bulk fuel purchases, may be applied against any funds available for that fiscal year for the Department for operation and 
maintenance, regardless of whether available as specified in the funding table in section 4301 or available as specified in the funding table in section 4302. 
TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT. 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
FIXED WING 
2 UTILITY F/W AIRCRAFT ......................................................................................................... ........................ 879 879 
4 MQ–1 UAV ..................................................................................................................... .................................... 260,436 260,436 
ROTARY 
6 HELICOPTER, LIGHT UTILITY (LUH) .............................................................................................. .............. 187,177 187,177 
7 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN ................................................................................................ ............... 1,168,461 1,168,461 
8 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN (AP) ........................................................................................... ............ 209,930 209,930 
11 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) ............................................................................................... .............. 1,435,945 1,435,945 
12 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) (AP) .......................................................................................... .......... 127,079 127,079 
13 UH–60 BLACK HAWK A AND L MODELS ............................................................................................. ............ 46,641 46,641 
14 CH–47 HELICOPTER ............................................................................................................ .............................. 1,024,587 1,024,587 
15 CH–47 HELICOPTER (AP) ....................................................................................................... .......................... 99,344 99,344 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
16 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) .......................................................................................................... ............................ 97,543 97,543 
19 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON (MIP) ................................................................................................ ................ 95,725 95,725 
20 AH–64 MODS .................................................................................................................. .................................... 116,153 116,153 
21 CH–47 CARGO HELICOPTER MODS (MYP) ........................................................................................... ........... 86,330 86,330 
22 GRCS SEMA MODS (MIP) ........................................................................................................ ......................... 4,019 4,019 
23 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ......................................................................................................... .......................... 16,302 16,302 
24 EMARSS SEMA MODS (MIP) ...................................................................................................... ..................... 13,669 13,669 
25 UTILITY/CARGO AIRPLANE MODS ................................................................................................. ............... 16,166 16,166 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3560 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
26 UTILITY HELICOPTER MODS ..................................................................................................... .................... 13,793 13,793 
28 NETWORK AND MISSION PLAN .................................................................................................... .................. 112,807 112,807 
29 COMMS, NAV SURVEILLANCE ..................................................................................................... .................. 82,904 82,904 
30 GATM ROLLUP ................................................................................................................. ................................ 33,890 33,890 
31 RQ–7 UAV MODS ............................................................................................................... ................................ 81,444 81,444 
GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 
32 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ......... 56,215 56,215 
33 SURVIVABILITY CM ............................................................................................................ ............................ 8,917 8,917 
34 CMWS ........................................................................................................................ ........................................ 78,348 104,348 
Army UPL for AH–64 ASE: urgent survivability requirement ....................................................................... [26,000] 
OTHER SUPPORT 
35 AVIONICS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ................ 6,937 6,937 
36 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ................ 64,867 64,867 
37 AIRCREW INTEGRATED SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. .............. 44,085 44,085 
38 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ......................................................................................................... ......................... 94,545 94,545 
39 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ....................................................................................................... ........................ 1,207 1,207 
40 LAUNCHER, 2.75 ROCKET ....................................................................................................... ......................... 3,012 3,012 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ..................................................................................................... 5,689,357 5,715,357 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 
1 LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) ..................................................................................... ... 115,075 115,075 
2 MSE MISSILE .................................................................................................................. ................................. 414,946 614,946 
Army UPL for Patriot PAC 3 for improved ballistic missile defense ............................................................. [ 200,000] 
AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 
3 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ......................................................................................................... .................... 27,975 27,975 
4 JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MSLS (JAGM) .............................................................................................. ............ 27,738 27,738 
ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 
5 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY .............................................................................................. ........ 77,163 77,163 
6 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY ......................................................................................................... .................... 87,525 87,525 
8 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) ................................................................................................... ............... 251,060 251,060 
9 MLRS REDUCED RANGE PRACTICE ROCKETS (RRPR) ................................................................................ 17, 428 17,428 
MODIFICATIONS 
11 PATRIOT MODS ................................................................................................................ ................................ 241,883 241,883 
12 ATACMS MODS ................................................................................................................. ............................... 30,119 20,119 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ................................ [–10,000] 
13 GMLRS MOD ................................................................................................................... .................................. 18,221 18,221 
14 STINGER MODS ................................................................................................................ ................................ 2,216 2,216 
15 AVENGER MODS ................................................................................................................ .............................. 6,171 6,171 
16 ITAS/TOW MODS ............................................................................................................... ............................... 19,576 19,576 
17 MLRS MODS ................................................................................................................... .................................. 35,970 35,970 
18 HIMARS MODIFICATIONS ........................................................................................................ ....................... 3,148 3,148 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
19 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ................... 33,778 33,778 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
20 AIR DEFENSE TARGETS ......................................................................................................... ........................ 3,717 3,717 
21 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MISSILES) ............................................................................................ ................ 1,544 1,544 
22 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... .................. 4,704 4,704 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY ......................................................................................................... 1,419,957 1,609,957 
PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY 
TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
1 STRYKER VEHICLE .............................................................................................................. ........................... 181,245 181,245 
MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
2 STRYKER (MOD) ................................................................................................................ .............................. 74,085 74,085 
3 STRYKER UPGRADE .............................................................................................................. ......................... 305,743 305,743 
5 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ........................................................................................................ ................... 225,042 225,042 
6 HOWITZER, MED SP FT 155MM M109A6 (MOD) ....................................................................................... ........ 60,079 60,079 
7 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) .......................................................................................... ... 273,850 273,850 
8 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) ................................................................................. 12 3,629 195,629 
16 M88A2s to supports modernization of ABCTs and industrial base .............................................................. [ 72,000] 
9 ASSAULT BRIDGE (MOD) ......................................................................................................... ....................... 2,461 2,461 
10 ASSAULT BREACHER VEHICLE .................................................................................................... ................. 2,975 2,975 
11 M88 FOV MODS ................................................................................................................ ................................. 14,878 14,878 
12 JOINT ASSAULT BRIDGE ........................................................................................................ ........................ 33,455 33,455 
13 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) ........................................................................................................ ........................ 367,939 367,939 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
15 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (TCV-WTCV) .......................................................................................... ........ 6,479 6,479 
WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 
16 MORTAR SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. ........................... 4,991 4,991 
17 XM320 GRENADE LAUNCHER MODULE (GLM) ......................................................................................... ..... 26,294 26,294 
18 PRECISION SNIPER RIFLE ...................................................................................................... ....................... 1,984 0 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ................................ [–1,984] 
19 COMPACT SEMI-AUTOMATIC SNIPER SYSTEM ........................................................................................ ... 1,488 0 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ................................ [–1,488] 
20 CARBINE ..................................................................................................................... ...................................... 34,460 34,460 
21 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION ............................................................................... 8,367  14,767 
Transferred funds .............................................................................................................. ............................. [6,400] 
22 HANDGUN ..................................................................................................................... .................................... 5,417 0 
RFP release delayed, early to need ............................................................................................. ................... [–5,417] 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3561 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 
23 MK–19 GRENADE MACHINE GUN MODS .............................................................................................. ........... 2,777 2,777 
24 M777 MODS ................................................................................................................... ..................................... 10,070 10,070 
25 M4 CARBINE MODS ............................................................................................................. ............................. 27,566 27,566 
26 M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS .................................................................................................. ................... 44,004 44,004 
27 M249 SAW MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................... .................. 1,190 1,190 
28 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................ .............. 1,424 1,424 
29 SNIPER RIFLES MODIFICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 2,431 1,031 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ................................ [–1,400] 
30 M119 MODIFICATIONS .......................................................................................................... ........................... 20,599 20,599 
32 MORTAR MODIFICATION ......................................................................................................... ....................... 6,300 6,300 
33 MODIFICATIONS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) ................................................................................... .... 3,737 3,737 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
34 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) ........................................................................................... ............. 391 2,891 
Transfer funds ................................................................................................................. ............................... [2,500] 
35 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (WOCV-WTCV) ......................................................................................... ...... 9,027 9,027 
36 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ..................................................................................................... .................. 304 304 
37 SMALL ARMS EQUIPMENT (SOLDIER ENH PROG) ..................................................................................... .. 2,392 2,392 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ..................................................................................................... 1,887,073 1,957,684 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY 
SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 
1 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ......................... 43,489 43,489 
2 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ......................... 40,715 40,715 
3 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... .................... 7,753 6,801 
Program funding ahead of need .................................................................................................. .................... [–952] 
4 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ......................... 24,728 24,728 
5 CTG, 25MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ......................... 8,305 8,305 
6 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ......................... 34,330 34,330 
7 CTG, 40MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ......................... 79,972 69,972 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ................................ [–10,000] 
MORTAR AMMUNITION 
8 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... .................... 42,898 42,898 
9 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... .................... 43,500 43,500 
10 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ..................... 64,372 64,372 
TANK AMMUNITION 
11 CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES ................................................................................ . 105,541 105,541 
ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 
12 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES .............................................................................. 5 7,756 57,756 
13 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ...... 77,995 77,995 
14 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 .............................................................................................. ............. 45,518 45,518 
15 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL .......................................................................... 78,02 4 78,024 
ROCKETS 
16 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... .. 7,500 7,500 
17 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................. ................... 33,653 33,653 
OTHER AMMUNITION 
18 CAD/PAD, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... ........................... 5,639 5,639 
19 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................. ............ 9,751 9,751 
20 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ........................ 19,993 19,993 
21 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... ........................... 9,761 9,761 
22 SIMULATORS, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ...................... 9,749 9,749 
MISCELLANEOUS 
23 AMMO COMPONENTS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. .............. 3,521 3,521 
24 NON-LETHAL AMMUNITION, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ ......... 1,700 1,700 
25 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (AMMO) ........................................................................................... ............. 6,181 6,181 
26 AMMUNITION PECULIAR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ........... 17,811 17,811 
27 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION (AMMO) ..................................................................................... . 14,695 14,695 
PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT 
29 PROVISION OF INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .......................................................................................... ........... 221,703 221,703 
30 CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS DEMILITARIZATION ..................................................................................... . 113,250 113,250 
31 ARMS INITIATIVE ............................................................................................................. .............................. 3,575 3,575 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY .......................................................................................... 1,233,378 1,222,426 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
1 TACTICAL TRAILERS/DOLLY SETS ................................................................................................. .............. 12,855 12,855 
2 SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ....................................................................................................... ..................... 53 53 
4 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................. ............... 308,336 308,336 
5 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) ......................................................................................... ..... 90,040 90,040 
6 FIRETRUCKS & ASSOCIATED FIREFIGHTING EQUIP .................................................................................. 8 ,444 8,444 
7 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) ..................................................................................... .. 27,549 27,549 
8 PLS ESP ...................................................................................................................... ...................................... 127,102 127,102 
10 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS .................................................................................... . 48,292 48,292 
11 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ................................................................................................ .................. 130,993 130,993 
12 MINE-RESISTANT AMBUSH-PROTECTED (MRAP) MODS ............................................................................ 19,14 6 19,146 
NON-TACTICAL VEHICLES 
14 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................. .............. 1,248 1,248 
15 NONTACTICAL VEHICLES, OTHER ................................................................................................. ............... 9,614 9,614 
COMM—JOINT COMMUNICATIONS 
16 WIN-T—GROUND FORCES TACTICAL NETWORK ........................................................................................ .. 783,116 583,116 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3562 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Delayed obligation of prior year funds ......................................................................................... .................. [–200,000] 
17 SIGNAL MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ................................................................................................ ........... 49,898 49,898 
18 JOINT INCIDENT SITE COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITY ............................................................................ 4,0 62 4,062 
19 JCSE EQUIPMENT (USREDCOM) ................................................................................................... ................. 5,008 5,008 
COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
20 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE WIDEBAND SATCOM SYSTEMS ............................................................................. 196,3 06 196,306 
21 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS .................................................................... 44,998 29,9 98 
Early to need in FY16 due to one year delay .................................................................................... .............. [–15,000] 
22 SHF TERM .................................................................................................................... .................................... 7,629 7,629 
23 NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (SPACE) ................................................................................... 14,027 14,027 
24 SMART-T (SPACE) ............................................................................................................. .............................. 13,453 13,453 
25 GLOBAL BRDCST SVC—GBS ....................................................................................................... .................... 6,265 6,265 
26 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (TAC SAT) ............................................................................................... .................. 1,042 1,042 
27 ENROUTE MISSION COMMAND (EMC) ............................................................................................... ............ 7,116 7,116 
COMM—C3 SYSTEM 
28 ARMY GLOBAL CMD & CONTROL SYS (AGCCS) ....................................................................................... ..... 10,137 10,137 
COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 
29 JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM ................................................................................................. ................ 64,640 64,640 
30 MID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR) ................................................................................. 2 7,762 27,762 
31 RADIO TERMINAL SET, MIDS LVT(2) ............................................................................................. ............... 9,422 9,422 
32 AMC CRITICAL ITEMS—OPA2 ..................................................................................................... .................... 26,020 26,020 
33 TRACTOR DESK ................................................................................................................ ............................... 4,073 4,073 
34 SPIDER APLA REMOTE CONTROL UNIT ............................................................................................. .......... 1,403 1,403 
35 SPIDER FAMILY OF NETWORKED MUNITIONS INCR .................................................................................. 9 ,199 9,199 
36 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT PROGRAM COMM/ELECTRONICS ....................................................................... 349 349 
37 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PROTECTIVE SYSTEM ....................................................................... 25,597 2 5,597 
38 UNIFIED COMMAND SUITE ....................................................................................................... ...................... 21,854 21,854 
40 FAMILY OF MED COMM FOR COMBAT CASUALTY CARE ............................................................................ 24,38 8 24,388 
COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 
42 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE .................................................................................................. ............... 1,349 1,349 
43 ARMY CA/MISO GPF EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ................ 3,695 3,695 
INFORMATION SECURITY 
45 INFORMATION SYSTEM SECURITY PROGRAM-ISSP ................................................................................... 1 9,920 19,920 
46 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) ............................................................................................ ......... 72,257 72,257 
COMM—LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 
47 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............. 16,082 16,082 
COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 
48 INFORMATION SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ...................... 86,037 86,037 
50 EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ........................................................................ 8,550 8,55 0 
51 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ......................................................................... 73,496 73,496 
ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 
54 JTT/CIBS-M .................................................................................................................. .................................... 881 881 
55 PROPHET GROUND .............................................................................................................. ............................ 63,650 48,650 
Unjustified program growth ..................................................................................................... ...................... [–15,000] 
57 DCGS-A (MIP) ................................................................................................................ ................................... 260,268 260,268 
58 JOINT TACTICAL GROUND STATION (JTAGS) ....................................................................................... ....... 3,906 3,906 
59 TROJAN (MIP) ................................................................................................................ .................................. 13,929 13,929 
60 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) ....................................................................................... ............. 3,978 3,978 
61 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING AND COLL(CHARCS) .................................................................................... .. 7,542 7,542 
62 CLOSE ACCESS TARGET RECONNAISSANCE (CATR) ................................................................................... 8,010 8,010 
63 MACHINE FOREIGN LANGUAGE TRANSLATION SYSTEM-M ...................................................................... 8,125 8,1 25 
ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 
64 LIGHTWEIGHT COUNTER MORTAR RADAR ............................................................................................ ...... 63,472 63,472 
65 EW PLANNING & MANAGEMENT TOOLS (EWPMT) ...................................................................................... 2,556 2,556 
66 AIR VIGILANCE (AV) .......................................................................................................... ............................. 8,224 8,224 
67 CREW ........................................................................................................................ ........................................ 2,960 2,960 
68 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIE ........................................................................... 1,72 2 1,722 
69 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ....................................................................... 447 447 
70 CI MODERNIZATION ............................................................................................................ ............................ 228 228 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 
71 SENTINEL MODS ............................................................................................................... .............................. 43,285 43,285 
72 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ........................................................................................................ ......................... 124,216 124,216 
74 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF ................................................................................. 23 ,216 23,216 
76 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS .................................................................................. 60,679 60,679 
77 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) ............................................................................................... .............. 53,453 53,453 
78 ARTILLERY ACCURACY EQUIP .................................................................................................... .................. 3,338 3,338 
79 PROFILER .................................................................................................................... .................................... 4,057 4,057 
81 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND—PLATFORM (JBC-P) ....................................................................................... .. 133,339 133,339 
82 JOINT EFFECTS TARGETING SYSTEM (JETS) ....................................................................................... ...... 47,212 47,212 
83 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (LLDR) .................................................................................................. ..................... 22,314 22,314 
84 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................. ............ 12,131 12,131 
85 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM .................................................................................................. .............. 10,075 10,075 
86 COUNTERFIRE RADARS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 217,379 142,379 
Under execution of prior year funds ............................................................................................ ................... [–75,000] 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 
87 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY ...................................................................................................... ...................... 1,190 1,190 
90 AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS .................................................................................... .. 28,176 28,176 
91 IAMD BATTLE COMMAND SYSTEM .................................................................................................. ............. 20,917 20,917 
92 LIFE CYCLE SOFTWARE SUPPORT (LCSS) .......................................................................................... ......... 5,850 5,850 
93 NETWORK MANAGEMENT INITIALIZATION AND SERVICE ........................................................................ 12,738 12,738 
94 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS) ............................................................................................... ........... 145,405 145,405 
95 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM-ARMY (GCSS-A) ............................................................................... 162 ,654 146,654 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3563 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Program growth ................................................................................................................. ............................ [–16,000] 
96 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPP ........................................................................ 4,446 4 ,446 
98 RECONNAISSANCE AND SURVEYING INSTRUMENT SET ........................................................................... 16,218  16,218 
99 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (ENFIRE) ............................................................................................ ............. 1,138 1,138 
ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 
100 ARMY TRAINING MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ .............. 12,089 12,089 
101 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ .......... 105,775 93,775 
Reduce IT procurement .......................................................................................................... ........................ [–12,000] 
102 GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEMS FAM ......................................................................... 18,995  18,995 
103 HIGH PERF COMPUTING MOD PGM (HPCMP) ........................................................................................ ....... 62,319 62,319 
104 RESERVE COMPONENT AUTOMATION SYS (RCAS) .................................................................................... . 17,894 17,894 
ELECT EQUIP—AUDIO VISUAL SYS (A/V) 
106 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (SURVEYING EQUIPMENT) .................................................................................. ... 4,242 4,242 
ELECT EQUIP—SUPPORT 
107 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (C-E) .............................................................................................. ................ 425 425 
108 BCT EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES .................................................................................................. ................. 7,438 7,438 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
108A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ......................... 6,467 6,467 
CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 
109 PROTECTIVE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ......................... 248 248 
110 FAMILY OF NON-LETHAL EQUIPMENT (FNLE) ...................................................................................... ...... 1,487 1,487 
112 CBRN DEFENSE ............................................................................................................... ................................ 26,302 26,302 
BRIDGING EQUIPMENT 
113 TACTICAL BRIDGING .......................................................................................................... ............................ 9,822 9,822 
114 TACTICAL BRIDGE, FLOAT-RIBBON .............................................................................................. ................ 21,516 21,516 
115 BRIDGE SUPPLEMENTAL SET .................................................................................................... ................... 4,959 4,959 
116 COMMON BRIDGE TRANSPORTER (CBT) RECAP ...................................................................................... .... 52,546 52,546 
ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 
117 GRND STANDOFF MINE DETECTN SYSM (GSTAMIDS) ................................................................................ 5 8,682 58,682 
118 HUSKY MOUNTED DETECTION SYSTEM (HMDS) ...................................................................................... ... 13,565 13,565 
119 ROBOTIC COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM (RCSS) ....................................................................................... ....... 2,136 2,136 
120 EOD ROBOTICS SYSTEMS RECAPITALIZATION ...................................................................................... ..... 6,960 6,960 
121 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQPMT (EOD EQPMT) .......................................................................... 17,4 24 17,424 
122 REMOTE DEMOLITION SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ................ 8,284 8,284 
123 < $5M, COUNTERMINE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ................ 5,459 5,459 
124 FAMILY OF BOATS AND MOTORS ................................................................................................. ................. 8,429 8,429 
COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
125 HEATERS AND ECU’S .......................................................................................................... ............................ 18,876 18,876 
127 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT ........................................................................................................ ....................... 2,287 2,287 
128 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) ................................................................................... 7,733 7,733 
129 GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ..................... 49,798 49,798 
130 MOBILE SOLDIER POWER ....................................................................................................... ....................... 43,639 43,639 
132 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... .................... 13,118 13,118 
133 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM ....................................................................... 28,278 28,278 
135 FAMILY OF ENGR COMBAT AND CONSTRUCTION SETS ............................................................................. 34, 544 34,544 
136 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (ENG SPT) .............................................................................................. .................. 595 595 
PETROLEUM EQUIPMENT 
137 QUALITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ........... 5,368 5,368 
138 DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS, PETROLEUM & WATER .................................................................................... .. 35,381 35,381 
MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 
139 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ..................................................................................................... .................... 73,828 73,828 
MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 
140 MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... ... 25,270 25,270 
141 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MAINT EQ) ........................................................................................... ................. 2,760 2,760 
CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 
142 GRADER, ROAD MTZD, HVY, 6X4 (CCE) .......................................................................................... ............... 5,903 5,903 
143 SCRAPERS, EARTHMOVING ...................................................................................................... ..................... 26,125 26,125 
146 TRACTOR, FULL TRACKED ...................................................................................................... ...................... 27,156 27,156 
147 ALL TERRAIN CRANES ......................................................................................................... .......................... 16,750 16,750 
148 PLANT, ASPHALT MIXING ...................................................................................................... ....................... 984 984 
149 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) .................................................................................... ... 2,656 2,656 
150 ENHANCED RAPID AIRFIELD CONSTRUCTION CAPAP ............................................................................... 2, 531 2,531 
151 FAMILY OF DIVER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................... ......... 446 446 
152 CONST EQUIP ESP ............................................................................................................ ............................... 19,640 19,640 
153 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (CONST EQUIP) ........................................................................................ .............. 5,087 5,087 
RAIL FLOAT CONTAINERIZATION EQUIPMENT 
154 ARMY WATERCRAFT ESP ........................................................................................................ ...................... 39,772 39,772 
155 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (FLOAT/RAIL) ......................................................................................... ............... 5,835 5,835 
GENERATORS 
156 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ............................................................................................ .......... 166,356 166,356 
157 TACTICAL ELECTRIC POWER RECAPITALIZATION ................................................................................... . 11,505 11,505 
MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
159 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ........................................................................................................ ......................... 17,496 17,496 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
160 COMBAT TRAINING CENTERS SUPPORT ............................................................................................ .......... 74,916 74,916 
161 TRAINING DEVICES, NONSYSTEM ................................................................................................ ................ 303,236 278,236 
Unjustified program growth ..................................................................................................... ...................... [–25,000] 
162 CLOSE COMBAT TACTICAL TRAINER .............................................................................................. ............. 45,210 45,210 
163 AVIATION COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER .................................................................................... .. 30,068 30,068 
164 GAMING TECHNOLOGY IN SUPPORT OF ARMY TRAINING ......................................................................... 9,793  9,793 
TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 
165 CALIBRATION SETS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ................. 4,650 4,650 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3564 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
166 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) ................................................................................. . 34,487 34,487 
167 TEST EQUIPMENT MODERNIZATION (TEMOD) ....................................................................................... ..... 11,083 11,083 
OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
169 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................. 17,937 17,937 
170 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) ........................................................................................... ............. 52,040 52,040 
171 BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............. 1,568 1,568 
172 MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA–3) ................................................................................... ....... 64,219 64,219 
173 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (OTH) .............................................................................................. ............... 1,525 1,525 
174 SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR USER TESTING ......................................................................................... ......... 3,268 3,268 
176 TRACTOR YARD ............................................................................................................... ................................ 7,191 7,191 
OPA2 
177 INITIAL SPARES—C&E ......................................................................................................... .......................... 48,511 48,511 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ........................................................................................................... 5,899,028 5,541,028 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
COMBAT AIRCRAFT 
2 F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET ................................................................................................... ..................... 0 1,150,000 
Additional 12 aircraft, unfunded requirement ................................................................................... ............. [1,150,000] 
3 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV ...................................................................................................... ..................... 897,542 873,042 
Efficiencies and excess cost growth ............................................................................................ ................... [–24,500] 
4 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV (AP) ................................................................................................. .................. 48,630 48,630 
5 JSF STOVL .................................................................................................................... ................................... 1,483,414 2,508,314 
Efficiencies and excess cost growth ............................................................................................ ................... [–25,100] 
Additional 6 aircraft, unfunded requirement .................................................................................... ............. [1,050,000] 
6 JSF STOVL (AP) ............................................................................................................... ................................ 203,060 203,060 
7 CH–53K (HEAVY LIFT) .......................................................................................................... ............................ 41,300 41,300 
8 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) ........................................................................................................... ............................. 1,436,355 1,436,355 
9 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) (AP) ...................................................................................................... .......................... 43,853 43,853 
10 H–1 UPGRADES (UH–1Y/AH–1Z) .................................................................................................. ...................... 800,057 800,057 
11 H–1 UPGRADES (UH–1Y/AH–1Z) (AP) ............................................................................................. .................. 56,168 56,168 
12 MH–60S (MYP) ................................................................................................................ ................................... 28,232 28,232 
14 MH–60R (MYP) ................................................................................................................ ................................... 969,991 969,991 
16 P–8A POSEIDON ............................................................................................................... ................................. 3,008,928 3,008,928 
17 P–8A POSEIDON (AP) .......................................................................................................... ............................. 269,568 269,568 
18 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE ............................................................................................................ ........................... 857,654 857,654 
19 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE (AP) ....................................................................................................... ........................ 195,336 195,336 
TRAINER AIRCRAFT 
20 JPATS ....................................................................................................................... ........................................ 8,914 8,914 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
21 KC–130J ..................................................................................................................... ......................................... 192,214 192,214 
22 KC–130J (AP) ................................................................................................................ ..................................... 24,451 24,451 
23 MQ–4 TRITON ................................................................................................................. ................................... 494,259 494,259 
24 MQ–4 TRITON (AP) ............................................................................................................ ............................... 54,577 54,577 
25 MQ–8 UAV .................................................................................................................... ..................................... 120,020 120,020 
26 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................. ................................. 3,450 3,450 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
28 EA–6 SERIES ................................................................................................................. .................................... 9,799 9,799 
29 AEA SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ................................ 23,151 23,151 
30 AV–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................... 41,890 45,190 
AV–8B Link 16 upgrades, unfunded requirement ................................................................................... ......... [3,300] 
31 ADVERSARY ................................................................................................................... ................................. 5,816 5,816 
32 F–18 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ..................................... 978,756 1,148,756 
Jamming protection upgrades, unfunded requirement .............................................................................. .... [170,000] 
34 H–53 SERIES ................................................................................................................. .................................... 46,887 46,887 
35 SH–60 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................... 107,728 107,728 
36 H–1 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 42,315 42,315 
37 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................. .................................... 41,784 41,784 
38 P–3 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 3,067 3,067 
39 E–2 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 20,741 20,741 
40 TRAINER A/C SERIES .......................................................................................................... ............................ 27,980 27,980 
41 C–2A ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 8,157 8,157 
42 C–130 SERIES ................................................................................................................ .................................... 70,335 70,335 
43 FEWSG ....................................................................................................................... ....................................... 633 633 
44 CARGO/TRANSPORT A/C SERIES .................................................................................................. ................. 8,916 8,916 
45 E–6 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 185,253 185,253 
46 EXECUTIVE HELICOPTERS SERIES ................................................................................................ .............. 76,138 76,138 
47 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT .................................................................................................... ................... 23,702 23,702 
48 T–45 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ..................................... 105,439 105,439 
49 POWER PLANT CHANGES ......................................................................................................... ...................... 9,917 9,917 
50 JPATS SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................. 13,537 13,537 
51 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ .................... 131,732 131,732 
52 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES ..................................................................................................... .................. 202,745 202,745 
53 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ........ 3,062 3,062 
54 ID SYSTEMS .................................................................................................................. ................................... 48,206 48,206 
55 P–8 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 28,492 28,492 
56 MAGTF EW FOR AVIATION ....................................................................................................... ...................... 7,680 7,680 
57 MQ–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................... 22,464 22,464 
58 RQ–7 SERIES ................................................................................................................. .................................... 3,773 3,773 
59 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY ............................................................................................... .................. 121,208 144,208 
MV–22 Integrated Aircraft Survivability ........................................................................................ ............... [15,000] 
MV–22 Ballistic Protection ..................................................................................................... ........................ [8,000] 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3565 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
60 F–35 STOVL SERIES ........................................................................................................... .............................. 256,106 256,106 
61 F–35 CV SERIES .............................................................................................................. .................................. 68,527 68,527 
62 QRC ......................................................................................................................... .......................................... 6,885 6,885 
AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
63 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ................... 1,563,515 1,563,515 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 
64 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ................ 450,959 450,959 
65 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .............................................................................................. .............. 24,010 24,010 
66 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................. .......................... 42,012 42,012 
67 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES .................................................................................................... ................. 2,455 2,455 
68 SPECIAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ................ 50,859 50,859 
69 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................ ......... 1,801 1,801 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ...................................................................................................... 16,126,405 18,473,105 
WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 
1 TRIDENT II MODS .............................................................................................................. .............................. 1,099,064 1,099,064 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
2 MISSILE INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ................................................................................................ ............... 7,748 7,748 
STRATEGIC MISSILES 
3 TOMAHAWK ..................................................................................................................... ................................. 184,814 214,814 
Combined with 47 FY15 OCO missiles, returns production to MSR ................................................................ [3 0,000] 
TACTICAL MISSILES 
4 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... ................................... 192,873 207,873 
Additional captive air training missiles ....................................................................................... ................. [15,000] 
5 SIDEWINDER ................................................................................................................... ................................. 96,427 96,427 
6 JSOW ......................................................................................................................... ........................................ 21,419 21,419 
7 STANDARD MISSILE ............................................................................................................. .......................... 435,352 435,352 
8 RAM .......................................................................................................................... ........................................ 80,826 80,826 
11 STAND OFF PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS (SOPGM) ............................................................................... 4 ,265 4,265 
12 AERIAL TARGETS .............................................................................................................. ............................. 40,792 40,792 
13 OTHER MISSILE SUPPORT ....................................................................................................... ...................... 3,335 3,335 
MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 
14 ESSM ........................................................................................................................ ......................................... 44,440 44,440 
15 ESSM (AP) ................................................................................................................... ..................................... 54,462 54,462 
16 HARM MODS ................................................................................................................... .................................. 122,298 122,298 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
17 WEAPONS INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ............................................................................................... .............. 2,397 2,397 
18 FLEET SATELLITE COMM FOLLOW-ON .............................................................................................. .......... 39,932 39,932 
ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
19 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............. 57,641 61,309 
Classified Program ............................................................................................................. ............................ [3,668] 
TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 
20 SSTD ........................................................................................................................ ......................................... 7,380 7,380 
21 MK–48 TORPEDO ............................................................................................................... ................................ 65,611 65,611 
22 ASW TARGETS ................................................................................................................. ................................ 6,912 6,912 
MOD OF TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 
23 MK–54 TORPEDO MODS .......................................................................................................... ......................... 113,219 113,219 
24 MK–48 TORPEDO ADCAP MODS .................................................................................................... .................. 63,317 63,317 
25 QUICKSTRIKE MINE ............................................................................................................ ............................ 13,254 13,254 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
26 TORPEDO SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ............... 67,701 67,701 
27 ASW RANGE SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ......................... 3,699 3,699 
DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION 
28 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................ ......... 3,342 3,342 
GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 
29 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ...................................................................................................... .................. 11,937 11,937 
MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 
30 CIWS MODS ................................................................................................................... ................................... 53,147 53,147 
31 COAST GUARD WEAPONS ......................................................................................................... ...................... 19,022 19,022 
32 GUN MOUNT MODS .............................................................................................................. ............................ 67,980 67,980 
33 AIRBORNE MINE NEUTRALIZATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ... 19,823 19,823 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
35 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ................... 149,725 149,725 
TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ...................................................................................................... 3,154,154 3,202,822 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC 
NAVY AMMUNITION 
1 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ .................. 101,238 101,238 
2 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. ............... 67,289 67,289 
3 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ....................................................................................................... .................. 20,340 20,340 
4 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................... ............................ 40,365 40,365 
5 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES ........................................................................................... ...... 49,377 49,377 
6 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................... ....... 59,651 59,651 
7 JATOS ........................................................................................................................ ....................................... 2,806 2,806 
8 LRLAP 6 ″ LONG RANGE ATTACK PROJECTILE ............................................................................................ 11,596 11,596 
9 5 INCH/54 GUN AMMUNITION ..................................................................................................... ..................... 35,994 35,994 
10 INTERMEDIATE CALIBER GUN AMMUNITION ......................................................................................... .... 36,715 36,715 
11 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION ................................................................................................... ................. 45,483 45,483 
12 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ............................................................................................. ........ 52,080 52,080 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3566 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
13 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION .................................................................................................. ............... 10,809 10,809 
14 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................. ............. 4,469 4,469 
MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 
15 SMALL ARMS AMMUNITION ....................................................................................................... ................... 46,848 46,848 
16 LINEAR CHARGES, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................... .................. 350 350 
17 40 MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................ .............................. 500 500 
18 60MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................. .............................. 1,849 1,849 
19 81MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................. .............................. 1,000 1,000 
20 120MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................ .............................. 13,867 13,867 
22 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ........................ 1,390 1,390 
23 ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... .......................... 14,967 14,967 
24 ARTILLERY, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ ........................ 45,219 45,219 
26 FUZE, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................. .............................. 29,335 29,335 
27 NON LETHALS ................................................................................................................. ................................ 3,868 3,868 
28 AMMO MODERNIZATION .......................................................................................................... ....................... 15,117 15,117 
29 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. .................... 11,219 11,219 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC ............................................................................................. 723,741 723,741 
SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY 
OTHER WARSHIPS 
1 CARRIER REPLACEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. .......... 1,634,701 1,634,701 
2 CARRIER REPLACEMENT PROGRAM (AP) ............................................................................................. ....... 874,658 874,658 
3 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE ..................................................................................................... .................. 3,346,370 3,346,370 
4 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE (AP) ................................................................................................ ............... 1,993,740 2,793,740 
Accelerate shipbuilding funding ................................................................................................ ..................... [800,000] 
5 CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS ...................................................................................................... ................. 678,274 678,274 
6 CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS (AP) ................................................................................................. ............. 14,951 14,951 
7 DDG 1000 ..................................................................................................................... ....................................... 433,404 433,404 
8 DDG–51 ....................................................................................................................... ....................................... 3,149,703 3,549,703 
Incremental funding for one DDG–51 ............................................................................................. ................. [400,000] 
10 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP ........................................................................................................ ....................... 1,356,991 1,356,991 
AMPHIBIOUS SHIPS 
12 LPD–17 ...................................................................................................................... ......................................... 550,000 550,000 
13 AFLOAT FORWARD STAGING BASE ................................................................................................. ............. 0 97,000 
Accelerate shipbuilding funding ................................................................................................ ..................... [97,000] 
15 LHA REPLACEMENT ............................................................................................................. .......................... 277,543 476,543 
Accelerate LHA–8 advanced procurement .......................................................................................... ............ [199,000] 
XX LX (R) AP ................................................................................................................... ....................................... 0 51,000 
Accelerate LX (R) .............................................................................................................. ............................. [51,000] 
XXX LCU Replacement ............................................................................................................ .................................. 0 34,000 
Accelerate LCU replacement ..................................................................................................... ..................... [34,000] 
AUXILIARIES, CRAFT AND PRIOR YR PROGRAM COST 
17 TAO FLEET OILER ............................................................................................................. .............................. 674,190 674,190 
19 MOORED TRAINING SHIP (AP) ................................................................................................... .................... 138,200 138,200 
20 OUTFITTING .................................................................................................................. .................................. 697,207 697,207 
21 SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR ..................................................................................................... .................... 255,630 255,630 
22 SERVICE CRAFT ............................................................................................................... ............................... 30,014 30,014 
23 LCAC SLEP ................................................................................................................... .................................... 80,738 80,738 
24 YP CRAFT MAINTENANCE/ROH/SLEP ............................................................................................... ............ 21,838 21,838 
25 COMPLETION OF PY SHIPBUILDING PROGRAMS ...................................................................................... .. 389,305 389,305 
XX T-ATS(X) Fleet Tug .......................................................................................................... ................................ 0 75,000 
Accelerate T-ATS(X) ............................................................................................................ .......................... [75,000] 
TOTAL SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY .......................................................................................... 16,597,457 18,253,457 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
SHIP PROPULSION EQUIPMENT 
1 LM–2500 GAS TURBINE .......................................................................................................... .......................... 4,881 4,881 
2 ALLISON 501K GAS TURBINE ..................................................................................................... ..................... 5,814 5,814 
3 HYBRID ELECTRIC DRIVE (HED) .................................................................................................. ................. 32,906 32,906 
GENERATORS 
4 SURFACE COMBATANT HM&E ....................................................................................................... ................ 36,860 36,860 
NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 
5 OTHER NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... .............. 87,481 87,481 
PERISCOPES 
6 SUB PERISCOPES & IMAGING EQUIP ............................................................................................... ............. 63,109 63,109 
OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 
7 DDG MOD ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 364,157 424,157 
Restore additional DDG BMD modernization (CNO UPL) ............................................................................. . [60,000] 
8 FIREFIGHTING EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ................... 16,089 16,089 
9 COMMAND AND CONTROL SWITCHBOARD .............................................................................................. ..... 2,255 2,255 
10 LHA/LHD MIDLIFE ............................................................................................................. .............................. 28,571 28,571 
11 LCC 19/20 EXTENDED SERVICE LIFE PROGRAM ..................................................................................... ...... 12,313 12,313 
12 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............. 16,609 16,609 
13 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............ 10,498 10,498 
14 VIRGINIA CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ .......... 35,747 35,747 
15 LCS CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. .............. 48,399 48,399 
16 SUBMARINE BATTERIES ......................................................................................................... ....................... 23,072 23,072 
17 LPD CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. .............. 55,283 55,283 
18 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ............................................................................................ ........ 18,563 18,563 
19 DSSP EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................................. ............................. 7,376 7,376 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3567 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
21 LCAC ........................................................................................................................ ......................................... 20,965 20,965 
22 UNDERWATER EOD PROGRAMS ..................................................................................................... ............... 51,652 51,652 
23 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. .................... 102,498 102,498 
24 CHEMICAL WARFARE DETECTORS .................................................................................................. ............. 3,027 3,027 
25 SUBMARINE LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................... ........... 7,399 7,399 
REACTOR PLANT EQUIPMENT 
27 REACTOR COMPONENTS .......................................................................................................... ...................... 296,095 296,095 
OCEAN ENGINEERING 
28 DIVING AND SALVAGE EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............. 15,982 15,982 
SMALL BOATS 
29 STANDARD BOATS .............................................................................................................. ............................ 29,982 29,982 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
30 OTHER SHIPS TRAINING EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ............ 66,538 66,538 
PRODUCTION FACILITIES EQUIPMENT 
31 OPERATING FORCES IPE ........................................................................................................ ........................ 71,138 71,138 
OTHER SHIP SUPPORT 
32 NUCLEAR ALTERATIONS ......................................................................................................... ...................... 132,625 132,625 
33 LCS COMMON MISSION MODULES EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ ... 23,500 23,500 
34 LCS MCM MISSION MODULES ..................................................................................................... ................... 85,151 29,351 
Procurement in excess of need ahead of satisfactory testing .................................................................... .... [–55,800] 
35 LCS SUW MISSION MODULES ..................................................................................................... .................... 35,228 35,228 
36 REMOTE MINEHUNTING SYSTEM (RMS) ............................................................................................. ......... 87,627 22,027 
Procurement in excess of need ahead of satisfactory testing .................................................................... .... [–65,600] 
LOGISTIC SUPPORT 
37 LSD MIDLIFE ................................................................................................................. .................................. 2,774 2,774 
SHIP SONARS 
38 SPQ–9B RADAR ................................................................................................................ ................................. 20,551 20,551 
39 AN/SQQ–89 SURF ASW COMBAT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ .......... 103,241 103,241 
40 SSN ACOUSTICS ............................................................................................................... ................................ 214,835 234,835 
Towed Array-unfunded requirement ............................................................................................... ............... [20,000] 
41 UNDERSEA WARFARE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................... ... 7,331 7,331 
42 SONAR SWITCHES AND TRANSDUCERS .............................................................................................. ......... 11,781 11,781 
ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
44 SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ..... 21,119 21,119 
45 SSTD ........................................................................................................................ ......................................... 8,396 8,396 
46 FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ................................................................................................... ................ 146,968 146,968 
47 SURTASS ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 12,953 12,953 
48 MARITIME PATROL AND RECONNSAISANCE FORCE .................................................................................. 13 ,725 13,725 
ELECTRONIC WARFARE EQUIPMENT 
49 AN/SLQ–32 ................................................................................................................... ...................................... 324,726 352,726 
SEWIP Block II unfunded requirement ............................................................................................ .............. [28,000] 
RECONNAISSANCE EQUIPMENT 
50 SHIPBOARD IW EXPLOIT ........................................................................................................ ........................ 148,221 148,221 
51 AUTOMATED IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM (AIS) ....................................................................................... ...... 152 152 
SUBMARINE SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT 
52 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT PROG ............................................................................................ ....... 79,954 79,954 
OTHER SHIP ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
53 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY ........................................................................................... ...... 25,695 25,695 
54 TRUSTED INFORMATION SYSTEM (TIS) ............................................................................................ ........... 284 284 
55 NAVAL TACTICAL COMMAND SUPPORT SYSTEM (NTCSS) ........................................................................ 14,416 14,416 
56 ATDLS ....................................................................................................................... ....................................... 23,069 23,069 
57 NAVY COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NCCS) ...................................................................................... . 4,054 4,054 
58 MINESWEEPING SYSTEM REPLACEMENT ............................................................................................. ...... 21,014 21,014 
59 SHALLOW WATER MCM ........................................................................................................... ....................... 18,077 18,077 
60 NAVSTAR GPS RECEIVERS (SPACE) ............................................................................................... .............. 12,359 12,359 
61 AMERICAN FORCES RADIO AND TV SERVICE ........................................................................................ ...... 4,240 4,240 
62 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ............................................................................................ ........ 17,440 17,440 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
63 OTHER TRAINING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... .................. 41,314 41,314 
AVIATION ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
64 MATCALS ..................................................................................................................... .................................... 10,011 10,011 
65 SHIPBOARD AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ............................................................................................... ............. 9,346 9,346 
66 AUTOMATIC CARRIER LANDING SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ........ 21,281 21,281 
67 NATIONAL AIR SPACE SYSTEM ................................................................................................... ................. 25,621 25,621 
68 FLEET AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SYSTEMS ........................................................................................... ........ 8,249 8,249 
69 LANDING SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................. ........................... 14,715 14,715 
70 ID SYSTEMS .................................................................................................................. ................................... 29,676 29,676 
71 NAVAL MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ........... 13,737 13,737 
OTHER SHORE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
72 DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND & CONTROL .......................................................................................... ..... 1,314 1,314 
74 TACTICAL/MOBILE C4I SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ................. 13,600 13,600 
75 DCGS-N ...................................................................................................................... ....................................... 31,809 31,809 
76 CANES ....................................................................................................................... ........................................ 278,991 278,991 
77 RADIAC ...................................................................................................................... ....................................... 8,294 8,294 
78 CANES-INTELL ................................................................................................................ ................................ 28,695 28,695 
79 GPETE ....................................................................................................................... ....................................... 6,962 6,962 
80 MASF ........................................................................................................................ ........................................ 290 290 
81 INTEG COMBAT SYSTEM TEST FACILITY ........................................................................................... ......... 14,419 14,419 
82 EMI CONTROL INSTRUMENTATION ................................................................................................. ............. 4,175 4,175 
83 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. .................... 44,176 44,176 
SHIPBOARD COMMUNICATIONS 
84 SHIPBOARD TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS ........................................................................................... ....... 8,722 8,722 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3568 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
85 SHIP COMMUNICATIONS AUTOMATION .............................................................................................. .......... 108,477 108,477 
86 COMMUNICATIONS ITEMS UNDER $5M .............................................................................................. ........... 16,613 16,613 
SUBMARINE COMMUNICATIONS 
87 SUBMARINE BROADCAST SUPPORT ................................................................................................. ............ 20,691 20,691 
88 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ..... 60,945 60,945 
SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
89 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ....... 30,892 30,892 
90 NAVY MULTIBAND TERMINAL (NMT) ............................................................................................... ............ 118,113 118,113 
SHORE COMMUNICATIONS 
91 JCS COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............ 4,591 4,591 
92 ELECTRICAL POWER SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... ................. 1,403 1,403 
CRYPTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT 
93 INFO SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ........................................................................................ ....... 135,687 135,687 
94 MIO INTEL EXPLOITATION TEAM ................................................................................................. ................ 970 970 
CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 
95 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ............................................................................................ ........ 11,433 11,433 
OTHER ELECTRONIC SUPPORT 
96 COAST GUARD EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... .................... 2,529 2,529 
SONOBUOYS 
97 SONOBUOYS—ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ..................... 168,763 168,763 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
98 WEAPONS RANGE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ....... 46,979 46,979 
100 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............... 123,884 123,884 
103 METEOROLOGICAL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ................ 15,090 15,090 
104 DCRS/DPL ................................................................................................................... ...................................... 638 638 
106 AIRBORNE MINE COUNTERMEASURES .............................................................................................. .......... 14,098 14,098 
111 AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ................ 49,773 49,773 
SHIP GUN SYSTEM EQUIPMENT 
112 SHIP GUN SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ................. 5,300 5,300 
SHIP MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT 
115 SHIP MISSILE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ............. 298,738 298,738 
120 TOMAHAWK SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............. 71,245 71,245 
FBM SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
123 STRATEGIC MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............. 240,694 240,694 
ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
124 SSN COMBAT CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ............... 96,040 96,040 
125 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ..................... 30,189 30,189 
OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
129 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .......................................................................................... ......... 22,623 22,623 
130 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ..................... 9,906 9,906 
OTHER EXPENDABLE ORDNANCE 
134 TRAINING DEVICE MODS ....................................................................................................... ........................ 99,707 99,707 
CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
135 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ............... 2,252 2,252 
136 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ..................................................................................................... ................... 2,191 2,191 
137 CONSTRUCTION & MAINTENANCE EQUIP ........................................................................................... .......... 2,164 2,164 
138 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ..................... 14,705 14,705 
139 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ............................ 2,497 2,497 
140 AMPHIBIOUS EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ....................... 12,517 12,517 
141 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ .............. 3,018 3,018 
142 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION ..................................................................................................... ........................ 14,403 14,403 
143 PHYSICAL SECURITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................. .................. 1,186 1,186 
SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
144 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............ 18,805 18,805 
145 OTHER SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. .......... 10,469 10,469 
146 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... .......... 5,720 5,720 
147 SPECIAL PURPOSE SUPPLY SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. ........... 211,714 211,714 
TRAINING DEVICES 
148 TRAINING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ................ 7,468 7,468 
COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
149 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............... 36,433 36,433 
150 EDUCATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ .............. 3,180 3,180 
151 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ................ 4,790 4,790 
153 NAVAL MIP SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............... 4,608 4,608 
154 OPERATING FORCES SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................... ...... 5,655 5,655 
155 C4ISR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ .............................. 9,929 9,929 
156 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ........ 26,795 26,795 
157 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............... 88,453 88,453 
159 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................... ....... 99,094 99,094 
OTHER 
160 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE SERVICE ......................................................................................... ....... 99,014 99,014 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
160A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ......................... 21,439 21,439 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
161 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... .................... 328,043 328,043 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ........................................................................................................... 6,614,715 6,601,315 
PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS 
TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
1 AAV7A1 PIP ................................................................................................................... ................................... 26,744 26,744 
2 LAV PIP ...................................................................................................................... ...................................... 54,879 54,879 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3569 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
ARTILLERY AND OTHER WEAPONS 
3 EXPEDITIONARY FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ...... 2,652 2,652 
4 155MM LIGHTWEIGHT TOWED HOWITZER ............................................................................................. ....... 7,482 7,482 
5 HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM ........................................................................................ .. 17,181 17,181 
6 WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION ............................................................................ 8,224  8,224 
OTHER SUPPORT 
7 MODIFICATION KITS ............................................................................................................ ........................... 14,467 14,467 
8 WEAPONS ENHANCEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ........ 488 488 
GUIDED MISSILES 
9 GROUND BASED AIR DEFENSE ..................................................................................................... ................. 7,565 7,565 
10 JAVELIN ..................................................................................................................... ...................................... 1,091 1,091 
11 FOLLOW ON TO SMAW ........................................................................................................... ......................... 4,872 4,872 
12 ANTI-ARMOR WEAPONS SYSTEM-HEAVY (AAWS-H) ................................................................................... 6 68 668 
OTHER SUPPORT 
13 MODIFICATION KITS ........................................................................................................... ............................ 12,495 152,495 
Additional missiles ............................................................................................................ ............................. [140,000] 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 
14 UNIT OPERATIONS CENTER ...................................................................................................... ..................... 13,109 13,109 
15 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (C ....................................................................... 35,147 3 5,147 
REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 
16 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ................. 21,210 21,210 
OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 
17 COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ....................................................................................................... ................... 792 792 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 
19 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ........................................................................................ .......... 3,642 3,642 
20 AIR OPERATIONS C2 SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... ................... 3,520 3,520 
RADAR + EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
21 RADAR SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................... ............................. 35,118 35,118 
22 GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ..................................................................................... .... 130,661 98,546 
Not meeting performance reqs reduce until technology is refined ................................................................ [–32,115] 
23 RQ–21 UAS ................................................................................................................... ...................................... 84,916 84,916 
INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
24 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................................................................................................... ........................ 9,136 9,136 
25 INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. .......... 29,936 29,936 
28 DCGS-MC ..................................................................................................................... ...................................... 1,947 1,947 
OTHER COMM/ELEC EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
31 NIGHT VISION EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ...................... 2,018 2,018 
OTHER SUPPORT (NON-TEL) 
32 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORK (NGEN) ................................................................................. 67 ,295 67,295 
33 COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES ................................................................................................... ............. 43,101 43,101 
34 COMMAND POST SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ .................... 29,255 29,255 
35 RADIO SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................... .............................. 80,584 80,584 
36 COMM SWITCHING & CONTROL SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ........ 66,123 66,123 
37 COMM & ELEC INFRASTRUCTURE SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ..... 79,486 79,486 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
37A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ........................ 2,803 2,803 
ADMINISTRATIVE VEHICLES 
38 COMMERCIAL PASSENGER VEHICLES ............................................................................................... .......... 3,538 3,538 
39 COMMERCIAL CARGO VEHICLES ................................................................................................... ................ 22,806 22,806 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
41 MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................... ........... 7,743 7,743 
43 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................ ................ 79,429 79,429 
44 FAMILY OF TACTICAL TRAILERS ................................................................................................. ................ 3,157 3,157 
OTHER SUPPORT 
45 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. .................... 6,938 6,938 
ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 
46 ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL EQUIP ASSORT .......................................................................................... ..... 94 94 
47 BULK LIQUID EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ...................... 896 896 
48 TACTICAL FUEL SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 136 136 
49 POWER EQUIPMENT ASSORTED .................................................................................................... ................ 10,792 10,792 
50 AMPHIBIOUS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............ 3,235 3,235 
51 EOD SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ................................ 7,666 7,666 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
52 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. .............. 33,145 33,145 
53 GARRISON MOBILE ENGINEER EQUIPMENT (GMEE) .................................................................................. 1 ,419 1,419 
GENERAL PROPERTY 
57 TRAINING DEVICES ............................................................................................................ ............................ 24,163 24,163 
58 CONTAINER FAMILY ............................................................................................................ ........................... 962 962 
59 FAMILY OF CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ........ 6,545 6,545 
60 FAMILY OF INTERNALLY TRANSPORTABLE VEH (ITV) ............................................................................ 7,53 3 7,533 
OTHER SUPPORT 
62 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. .................... 4,322 4,322 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
63 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ................... 8,292 8,292 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ....................................................................................................... 1,131,418 1,239,303 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
TACTICAL FORCES 
1 F–35 ......................................................................................................................... .......................................... 5,260,212 5,161,112 
Efficiencies and excess cost growth ............................................................................................ ................... [–99,100] 
2 F–35 (AP) .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 460,260 460,260 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3570 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
TACTICAL AIRLIFT 
3 KC–46A TANKER ................................................................................................................ ............................... 2,350,601 2,326,601 
FY15 excess to need by $24 million due to program delays ....................................................................... ...... [–24,000] 
OTHER AIRLIFT 
4 C–130J ....................................................................................................................... ......................................... 889,154 889,154 
5 C–130J (AP) .................................................................................................................. ...................................... 50,000 50,000 
6 HC–130J ...................................................................................................................... ........................................ 463,934 463,934 
7 HC–130J (AP) ................................................................................................................. .................................... 30,000 30,000 
8 MC–130J ...................................................................................................................... ....................................... 828,472 828,472 
9 MC–130J (AP) ................................................................................................................. .................................... 60,000 60,000 
MISSION SUPPORT AIRCRAFT 
11 CIVIL AIR PATROL A/C ........................................................................................................ ........................... 2,617 2,617 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
12 TARGET DRONES ............................................................................................................... ............................. 132,028 132,028 
14 RQ–4 ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 37,800 37,800 
15 MQ–9 ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 552,528 1,032,528 
Accelerating procurement schedule to meet CCDR demand .......................................................................... [480,000] 
STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 
17 B–2A ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 32,458 32,458 
18 B–1B ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 114,119 114,119 
19 B–52 ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 148,987 148,987 
20 LARGE AIRCRAFT INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES .................................................................................. 84, 335 84,335 
TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 
22 F–15 ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 464,367 713,671 
EPAWSS upgrade ................................................................................................................. .......................... [11,600] 
F–15C AESA radars .............................................................................................................. ........................... [48,000] 
F–15D AESA radars .............................................................................................................. .......................... [192,500] 
ADCP II upgrades ............................................................................................................... ............................ [10,000] 
F–15C MIDS JTRS transfer to RDT&E .............................................................................................. ............. [–6,387] 
F–15E MIDS JTRS transfer to RDT&E .............................................................................................. ............. [–6,409] 
23 F–16 ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 17,134 17,134 
24 F–22A ....................................................................................................................... .......................................... 126,152 126,152 
25 F–35 MODIFICATIONS .......................................................................................................... ............................ 70,167 70,167 
26 INCREMENT 3.2B .............................................................................................................. ................................ 69,325 69,325 
AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 
28 C–5 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................ 5,604 5,604 
30 C–17A ....................................................................................................................... .......................................... 46,997 46,997 
31 C–21 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 10,162 10,162 
32 C–32A ....................................................................................................................... .......................................... 44,464 44,464 
33 C–37A ....................................................................................................................... .......................................... 10,861 10,861 
TRAINER AIRCRAFT 
34 GLIDER MODS ................................................................................................................. ................................. 134 134 
35 T–6 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................ 17,968 17,968 
36 T–1 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................ 23,706 23,706 
37 T–38 ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 30,604 30,604 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
38 U–2 MODS .................................................................................................................... ...................................... 22,095 22,095 
39 KC–10A (ATCA) ............................................................................................................... ................................... 5,611 5,611 
40 C–12 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 1,980 1,980 
42 VC–25A MOD .................................................................................................................. .................................... 98,231 98,231 
43 C–40 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 13,171 13,171 
44 C–130 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................... 7,048 130,248 
C–130H Electronic Prop Control System – UPL .................................................................................... .......... [13,500] 
C–130H In-flight Prop Balancing System – UPL ................................................................................... .......... [1,500] 
C–130H T–56 3.5 Engine Mods .................................................................................................... ...................... [33,200] 
Funds added to comply with Sec 134, FY15 NDAA .................................................................................. ....... [75,000] 
45 C–130J MODS ................................................................................................................. .................................... 29,713 29,713 
46 C–135 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................... 49,043 49,043 
47 COMPASS CALL MODS ........................................................................................................... ......................... 68,415 97,115 
Modification for restored EC–130H .............................................................................................. ................... [28,700] 
48 RC–135 ...................................................................................................................... .......................................... 156,165 156,165 
49 E–3 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................ 13,178 13,178 
50 E–4 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................ 23,937 23,937 
51 E–8 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................ 18,001 18,001 
52 AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM ......................................................................................... ... 183,308 183,308 
53 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS .................................................................................... . 44,163 44,163 
54 H–1 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................ 6,291 6,291 
55 UH–1N REPLACEMENT ........................................................................................................... ......................... 2,456 2,456 
56 H–60 ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 45,731 45,731 
57 RQ–4 MODS ................................................................................................................... .................................... 50,022 50,022 
58 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS ..................................................................................................... ....................... 21,660 21,660 
59 OTHER AIRCRAFT .............................................................................................................. ............................. 117,767 115,521 
C2ISR TDL transfer to COMSEC equipment ......................................................................................... ......... [–2,246] 
60 MQ–1 MODS ................................................................................................................... .................................... 3,173 3,173 
61 MQ–9 MODS ................................................................................................................... .................................... 115,226 115,226 
63 CV–22 MODS .................................................................................................................. .................................... 58,828 58,828 
AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
64 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................. ................. 656,242 656,242 
COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
65 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP .......................................................................................... ..... 33,716 33,716 
POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT 
67 B–2A ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 38,837 38,837 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3571 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
68 B–52 ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 5,911 5,911 
69 C–17A ....................................................................................................................... .......................................... 30,108 30,108 
70 CV–22 POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT ............................................................................................... .............. 3,353 3,353 
71 C–135 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................... 4,490 4,490 
72 F–15 ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 3,225 3,225 
73 F–16 ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 14,969 14,969 
74 F–22A ....................................................................................................................... .......................................... 971 971 
76 MQ–9 ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 5,000 5,000 
INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS 
77 INDUSTRIAL RESPONSIVENESS ................................................................................................... ................ 18,802 18,802 
WAR CONSUMABLES 
78 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................. .......................... 156,465 156,465 
OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 
79 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES .................................................................................................... ................. 1,052,814 1,111,900 
Transfer from RDT&E for NATO AWACS ............................................................................................. ......... [59,086] 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
79A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ........................ 42,503 42,503 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................ 15,657,769 16,472,713 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT—BALLISTIC 
1 MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQ-BALLISTIC ............................................................................................. ......... 94,040 94,040 
TACTICAL 
3 JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE ........................................................................................... ........ 440,578 440,578 
4 SIDEWINDER (AIM–9X) .......................................................................................................... .......................... 200,777 200,777 
5 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... ................................... 390,112 390,112 
6 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................... ................ 423,016 423,016 
7 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB .......................................................................................................... ..................... 133,697 133,697 
INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 
8 INDUSTR’L PREPAREDNS/POL PREVENTION .......................................................................................... .... 397 397 
CLASS IV 
9 MM III MODIFICATIONS ......................................................................................................... ......................... 50,517 50,517 
10 AGM–65D MAVERICK ............................................................................................................ ........................... 9,639 9,639 
11 AGM–88A HARM ................................................................................................................ ................................ 197 197 
12 AIR LAUNCH CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ............................................................................................ ............. 25,019 25,019 
MISSILE SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
14 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................. ................. 48,523 48,523 
SPECIAL PROGRAMS 
28 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAMS ..................................................................................................... .................. 276,562 276,562 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
28A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ........................ 893,971 893,971 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................................ 2,987,045 2,987,045 
SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
SPACE PROGRAMS 
1 ADVANCED EHF ................................................................................................................. .............................. 333,366 333,366 
2 WIDEBAND GAPFILLER SATELLITES(SPACE) ......................................................................................... ... 53,476 53,476 
3 GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ........................................................................................................ ....................... 199,218 0 
GPS III SV10 early to need ..................................................................................................... ........................ [–199,218] 
4 SPACEBORNE EQUIP (COMSEC) .................................................................................................... ................. 18,362 18,362 
5 GLOBAL POSITIONING (SPACE) ................................................................................................... .................. 66,135 66,135 
6 DEF METEOROLOGICAL SAT PROG(SPACE) ........................................................................................... ...... 89,351 0 
Cut DMSP #20 ................................................................................................................... .............................. [–89,351] 
7 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH CAPABILITY ......................................................................................... . 571,276 571,276 
8 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEH(SPACE) ......................................................................................... .. 800,201 800,201 
9 SBIR HIGH (SPACE) ............................................................................................................ ............................. 452,676 452,676 
TOTAL SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................................... 2,584,061 2,295,492 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE 
ROCKETS 
1 ROCKETS ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 23,788 23,788 
CARTRIDGES 
2 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................... ................................ 131,102 169,602 
Increase to match size of A–10 fleet ........................................................................................... .................... [38,500] 
BOMBS 
3 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................... ............................ 89,759 89,759 
4 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ .................. 637,181 637,181 
5 MASSIVE ORDNANCE PENETRATOR (MOP) ............................................................................................ ...... 39,690 39,690 
6 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ................................................................................................. .............. 374,688 374,688 
OTHER ITEMS 
7 CAD/PAD ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 58,266 58,266 
8 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL (EOD) ............................................................................................ ........ 5,612 5,612 
9 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ...................................................................................................... .................. 103 103 
10 MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................................... ............................... 1,102 1,102 
11 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. .................... 3,044 3,044 
FLARES 
12 FLARES ...................................................................................................................... ...................................... 120,935 120,935 
FUZES 
13 FUZES ....................................................................................................................... ........................................ 213,476 213,476 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3572 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
SMALL ARMS 
14 SMALL ARMS .................................................................................................................. ................................. 60,097 60,097 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ................................................................................. 1,758,843 1,797,343 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 
1 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ............. 8,834 8,834 
CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 
2 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE ...................................................................................................... .................. 58,160 58,160 
3 CAP VEHICLES ................................................................................................................. ................................ 977 977 
4 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... ................... 12,483 12,483 
SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 
5 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................... ........... 4,728 4,728 
6 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... ................... 4,662 4,662 
FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 
7 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES .......................................................................................... ....... 10,419 10,419 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
8 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... ................... 23,320 23,320 
BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 
9 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV & CLEANING EQUIP ........................................................................................... .... 6,215 6,215 
10 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. .................... 87,781 87,781 
COMM SECURITY EQUIPMENT(COMSEC) 
11 COMSEC EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ .......................... 136,998 139,244 
Transfer for Link 16 upgrades .................................................................................................. ...................... [2,246] 
12 MODIFICATIONS (COMSEC) ...................................................................................................... ...................... 677 677 
INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 
13 INTELLIGENCE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. .......... 4,041 4,041 
14 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............. 22,573 22,573 
15 MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... .................. 14,456 14,456 
ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 
16 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS ........................................................................................... .......... 31,823 31,823 
17 NATIONAL AIRSPACE SYSTEM .................................................................................................... ................. 5,833 5,833 
18 BATTLE CONTROL SYSTEM—FIXED ................................................................................................. ............ 1,687 1,687 
19 THEATER AIR CONTROL SYS IMPROVEMENTS ........................................................................................ ... 22,710 22,710 
20 WEATHER OBSERVATION FORECAST ................................................................................................ ........... 21,561 21,561 
21 STRATEGIC COMMAND AND CONTROL ............................................................................................... .......... 286,980 286,980 
22 CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN COMPLEX ................................................................................................... .............. 36,186 36,186 
24 INTEGRATED STRAT PLAN & ANALY NETWORK (ISPAN) .......................................................................... 9,597  9,597 
SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 
25 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ........ 27,403 27,403 
26 AF GLOBAL COMMAND & CONTROL SYS ............................................................................................. ......... 7,212 7,212 
27 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ................................................................................................ ............ 11,062 30,962 
Additional battlefield air operations kits to meet need ........................................................................ ........ [19,900] 
28 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM .......................................................................................... ........ 131,269 131,269 
29 COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ...................................................................................................... ................... 33,606 33,606 
30 MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMM N .......................................................................................... .... 5,232 5,232 
31 C3 COUNTERMEASURES .......................................................................................................... ....................... 7,453 7,453 
32 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM ......................................................................................... ... 3,976 3,976 
33 GCSS-AF FOS ................................................................................................................. .................................. 25,515 25,515 
34 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE ACCOUNTING AND MGMT SYSTEM ...................................................................... 9,255 9,2 55 
35 THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYSTEM ................................................................................................ ............. 7,523 7,523 
36 AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CTR-WPN SYS .......................................................................................... ......... 12,043 12,043 
37 AIR OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) 10.2 ............................................................................................ ................ 24,246 24,246 
AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 
38 INFORMATION TRANSPORT SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... .......... 74,621 74,621 
39 AFNET ....................................................................................................................... ....................................... 103,748 86,748 
Restructure program ............................................................................................................ .......................... [–17,000] 
41 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) .............................................................................. 5,1 99 5,199 
42 USCENTCOM ................................................................................................................... .................................. 15,780 15,780 
SPACE PROGRAMS 
43 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS .................................................................................... . 79,592 79,592 
44 SPACE BASED IR SENSOR PGM SPACE ............................................................................................. ........... 90,190 90,190 
45 NAVSTAR GPS SPACE ........................................................................................................... .......................... 2,029 2,029 
46 NUDET DETECTION SYS SPACE ................................................................................................... ................. 5,095 5,095 
47 AF SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK SPACE .......................................................................................... ...... 76,673 76,673 
48 SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM SPACE ................................................................................................ ............. 113,275 113,275 
49 MILSATCOM SPACE ............................................................................................................. ........................... 35,495 35,495 
50 SPACE MODS SPACE ............................................................................................................ ........................... 23,435 23,435 
51 COUNTERSPACE SYSTEM ......................................................................................................... ..................... 43,065 43,065 
ORGANIZATION AND BASE 
52 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ...................... 77,538 113,538 
Increase JTAC training and rehearsal simulators per AF unfunded priority list .......................................... [36,000]  
54 RADIO EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ............................ 8,400 8,400 
55 CCTV/AUDIOVISUAL EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ................ 6,144 6,144 
56 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE .................................................................................................... ................ 77,010 77,010 
MODIFICATIONS 
57 COMM ELECT MODS ............................................................................................................. ........................... 71,800 71,800 
PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 
58 NIGHT VISION GOGGLES ........................................................................................................ ........................ 2,370 2,370 
59 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. .................... 79,623 79,623 
DEPOT PLANT+MTRLS HANDLING EQ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3573 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
60 MECHANIZED MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIP .......................................................................................... ..... 7,249 7,249 
BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
61 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... .................. 9,095 9,095 
62 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............ 17,866 17,866 
64 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................................... ......................... 61,850 61,850 
65 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. .................... 30,477 30,477 
SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 
67 DARP RC135 .................................................................................................................. .................................... 25,072 25,072 
68 DCGS-AF ..................................................................................................................... ...................................... 183,021 183,021 
70 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAM ...................................................................................................... ................... 629,371 629,371 
71 DEFENSE SPACE RECONNAISSANCE PROG. .......................................................................................... ...... 100,663 100,663 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
71A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ........................ 15,038,333 15,038,333 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
73 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ................... 59,863 59,863 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .................................................................................................. 18,272,438 18,313,584 
PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCAA 
1 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... ................... 1,488 1,488 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCMA 
2 MAJOR EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................................. .......................... 2,494 2,494 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DHRA 
3 PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION ..................................................................................................... ................ 9,341 9,341 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 
7 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY ................................................................................................. ........... 8,080 18,080 
Sharkseer increase ............................................................................................................. ............................ [10,000] 
8 TELEPORT PROGRAM ............................................................................................................. ........................ 62,789 62,789 
9 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... ................... 9,399 9,399 
10 NET CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ...................................................................................... ...... 1,819 1,819 
11 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEM NETWORK .......................................................................................... ... 141,298 141,298 
12 CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ................................................................................................... .................... 12,732 12,732 
13 WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ....... 64,098 64,098 
14 SENIOR LEADERSHIP ENTERPRISE ................................................................................................ ............. 617,910 617,910 
15 JOINT INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT ............................................................................................... ........... 84,400 84,400 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DLA 
16 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ........................... 5,644 5,644 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DMACT 
17 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ........................... 11,208 11,208 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DODEA 
18 AUTOMATION/EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT & LOGISTICS ............................................................................... 1,2 98 1,298 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DSS 
20 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ........................... 1,048 1,048 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 
21 VEHICLES .................................................................................................................... ..................................... 100 100 
22 OTHER MAJOR EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... .................... 5,474 5,474 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 
23 THAAD ....................................................................................................................... ....................................... 464,067 464,067 
24 AEGIS BMD ................................................................................................................... .................................... 558,916 706,681 
Increase SM–3 Block IB purchase ................................................................................................ ................... [117,880] 
Increase SM–3 Block IB canisters ............................................................................................... ................... [2,565] 
Undifferentiated Block IB test and evaluation costs ............................................................................ ......... [27,320] 
25 AEGIS BMD (AP) .............................................................................................................. ................................ 147,765 0 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ................................ [–147,765] 
26 BMDS AN/TPY–2 RADARS ........................................................................................................ ........................ 78,634 78,634 
27 AEGIS ASHORE PHASE III ...................................................................................................... ........................ 30,587 30,587 
28 IRON DOME ................................................................................................................... ................................... 55,000 41,100 
Request excess of requirement .................................................................................................. ..................... [–13,900] 
XX DAVIDS SLING ................................................................................................................ ................................. 0 150,000 
Increase for David’s Sling co-production ....................................................................................... ................ [150,000] 
XXX ARROW 3 .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 0 15,000 
Increase for Arrow 3 co-production ............................................................................................. ................... [15,000] 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, NSA 
35 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) .............................................................................. 37, 177 37,177 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD 
36 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD ........................................................................................................ ....................... 46,939 46,939 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS 
38 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS ........................................................................................................ ....................... 13,027 13,027 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS 
40 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS ........................................................................................................ ...................... 27,859 27,859 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
40A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ........................ 617,757 617,757 
AVIATION PROGRAMS 
41 MC–12 ....................................................................................................................... .......................................... 63,170 0 
SOCOM requested realignment .................................................................................................... .................. [–63,170] 
42 ROTARY WING UPGRADES AND SUSTAINMENT ........................................................................................ .. 135,985 135,985 
44 NON-STANDARD AVIATION ....................................................................................................... ..................... 61,275 61,275 
45 U–28 ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 0 63,170 
SOCOM requested realignment .................................................................................................... .................. [63,170] 
47 RQ–11 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ............................................................................................... ............. 20,087 20,087 
48 CV–22 MODIFICATION .......................................................................................................... ............................ 18,832 18,832 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3574 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
49 MQ–1 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................ ............. 1,934 1,934 
50 MQ–9 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................ ............. 11,726 21,726 
MQ–9 capability enhancements ................................................................................................... ................... [10,000] 
51 STUASL0 ..................................................................................................................... ...................................... 1,514 1,514 
52 PRECISION STRIKE PACKAGE .................................................................................................... ................... 204,105 204,105 
53 AC/MC–130J .................................................................................................................. ...................................... 61,368 61,368 
54 C–130 MODIFICATIONS ......................................................................................................... ............................ 66,861 31,412 
C–130 TF/TA adjustments ........................................................................................................ ....................... [–35,449] 
SHIPBUILDING 
55 UNDERWATER SYSTEMS .......................................................................................................... ..................... 32,521 32,521 
AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 
56 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ......................................................................................................... ......................... 174,734 174,734 
OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 
57 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ...................... 93,009 93,009 
58 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................................... 14,9 64 14,964 
59 OTHER ITEMS <$5M ............................................................................................................ ............................. 79,149 79,149 
60 COMBATANT CRAFT SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................... ................. 33,362 33,362 
61 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .......................... 143,533 143,533 
62 TACTICAL VEHICLES ........................................................................................................... ........................... 73,520 73,520 
63 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ ....................... 186,009 186,009 
64 COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................................. ............. 19,693 19,693 
65 GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ ...... 3,967 3,967 
66 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ....................................................................................... 19,225 19,225 
68 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS .................................................................................................... ............... 213,252 213,252 
CBDP 
74 CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL SITUATIONAL AWARENESS ................................................................................. 14 1,223 141,223 
75 CB PROTECTION & HAZARD MITIGATION ........................................................................................... ......... 137,487 137,487 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
XX USCC CYBER CAPABILITIES ..................................................................................................... ..................... 0 75,000 
Cyber capabilities ............................................................................................................. .............................. [75,000] 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ....................................................................................................... 5,130,853 5,341,504 
JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 
JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 
1 JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND .......................................................................................... .... 99,701 99,701 
TOTAL JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND ................................................................................... 99,701 99,701 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT ............................................................................................................................... .... 106,967,393 111,847,577 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CON-
TINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
FIXED WING 
3 AERIAL COMMON SENSOR (ACS) (MIP) ............................................................................................. ............ 99,500 99,500 
4 MQ–1 UAV ..................................................................................................................... .................................... 16,537 16,537 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
16 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) .......................................................................................................... ............................ 8,700 8,700 
23 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ......................................................................................................... .......................... 32,000 32,000 
31 RQ–7 UAV MODS ............................................................................................................... ................................ 8,250 8,250 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ..................................................................................................... 164,987 164,987 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 
3 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ......................................................................................................... .................... 37,260 37,260 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY ......................................................................................................... 37,260 37,260 
PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY 
WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 
16 MORTAR SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. ........................... 7,030 7,030 
21 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION ............................................................................... 19,00 0 19,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ..................................................................................................... 26,030 26,030 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY 
SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 
4 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ......................... 4,000 4,000 
MORTAR AMMUNITION 
8 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... .................... 11,700 11,700 
9 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... .................... 4,000 4,000 
10 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ..................... 7,000 7,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3575 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 
12 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES .............................................................................. 5 ,000 5,000 
13 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ...... 10,000 10,000 
15 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL .......................................................................... 2,000  2,000 
ROCKETS 
17 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................. ................... 136,340 136,340 
OTHER AMMUNITION 
19 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................. ............ 4,000 4,000 
21 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... ........................... 8,000 8,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY .......................................................................................... 192,040 192,040 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
5 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) ......................................................................................... ..... 243,998 243,998 
9 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV ............................................................................. 223,2 76 223,276 
11 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ................................................................................................ .................. 130,000 130,000 
12 MINE-RESISTANT AMBUSH-PROTECTED (MRAP) MODS ............................................................................ 393,1 00 393,100 
COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
21 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS .................................................................... 5,724 5,724  
COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 
51 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ......................................................................... 29,500 29,500 
ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 
57 DCGS-A (MIP) ................................................................................................................ ................................... 54,140 54,140 
59 TROJAN (MIP) ................................................................................................................ .................................. 6,542 6,542 
61 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING AND COLL(CHARCS) .................................................................................... .. 3,860 3,860 
ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 
68 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIE ........................................................................... 14,8 47 14,847 
69 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ....................................................................... 19,535 19 ,535 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 
84 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................. ............ 2,601 2,601 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 
87 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY ...................................................................................................... ...................... 48 48 
94 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS) ............................................................................................... ........... 252 252 
ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 
101 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ .......... 652 652 
CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 
111 BASE DEFENSE SYSTEMS (BDS) ................................................................................................. .................. 4,035 4,035 
COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
131 FORCE PROVIDER ............................................................................................................. .............................. 53,800 53,800 
133 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM ....................................................................... 700 700  
MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
159 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ........................................................................................................ ......................... 10,486 10,486 
OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
169 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................. 8,500 8,500 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ........................................................................................................... 1,205,596 1,205,596 
JOINT IMPR EXPLOSIVE DEV DEFEAT FUND 
FORCE TRAINING 
3 TRAIN THE FORCE .............................................................................................................. ............................ 7,850 7,850 
JIEDDO DEVICE DEFEAT 
2 DEFEAT THE DEVICE ............................................................................................................ .......................... 77,600 77,600 
NETWORK ATTACK 
1 ATTACK THE NETWORK ........................................................................................................... ...................... 219,550 215,086 
Adjustment due to low execution in prior years ................................................................................. ........... [–4,464] 
STAFF AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
4 OPERATIONS ................................................................................................................... ................................. 188,271 144,464 
Maintain prior year funding level .............................................................................................. .................... [–43,807] 
TOTAL JOINT IMPR EXPLOSIVE DEV DEFEAT FUND .................................................................................... 493,271 445,000 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
26 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................. ................................. 55,000 55,000 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
30 AV–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................... 41,365 41,365 
32 F–18 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ..................................... 8,000 8,000 
37 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................. .................................... 6,300 6,300 
47 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT .................................................................................................... ................... 14,198 14,198 
51 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ .................... 72,700 72,700 
52 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES ..................................................................................................... .................. 13,988 13,988 
59 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY ............................................................................................... .................. 4,900 4,900 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 
65 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .............................................................................................. .............. 943 943 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ...................................................................................................... 217,394 217,394 
WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
TACTICAL MISSILES 
10 LASER MAVERICK .............................................................................................................. ............................. 3,344 3,344 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3576 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ...................................................................................................... 3,344 3,344 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC 
NAVY AMMUNITION 
1 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ .................. 9,715 9,715 
2 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. ............... 11,108 11,108 
3 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ....................................................................................................... .................. 3,603 3,603 
6 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................... ....... 11,982 11,982 
11 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION ................................................................................................... ................. 4,674 4,674 
12 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ............................................................................................. ........ 3,456 3,456 
13 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION .................................................................................................. ............... 1,989 1,989 
14 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................. ............. 4,674 4,674 
MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 
20 120MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................ .............................. 10,719 10,719 
23 ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... .......................... 3,993 3,993 
24 ARTILLERY, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ ........................ 67,200 67,200 
26 FUZE, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................. .............................. 3,299 3,299 
25 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................. ............ 518 518 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC ............................................................................................. 136,930 136,930 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
135 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ............... 186 186 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
160A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ......................... 12,000 12,000 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ........................................................................................................... 12,186 12,186 
PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS 
GUIDED MISSILES 
10 JAVELIN ..................................................................................................................... ...................................... 7,679 7,679 
OTHER SUPPORT 
13 MODIFICATION KITS ........................................................................................................... ............................ 10,311 10,311 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 
14 UNIT OPERATIONS CENTER ...................................................................................................... ..................... 8,221 8,221 
OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 
18 MODIFICATION KITS ........................................................................................................... ............................ 3,600 3,600 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 
19 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ........................................................................................ .......... 8,693 8,693 
INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
27 RQ–11 UAV ................................................................................................................... ..................................... 3,430 3,430 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
52 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. .............. 7,000 7,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ....................................................................................................... 48,934 48,934 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
15 MQ–9 ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 13,500 13,500 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
44 C–130 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................... 1,410 1,410 
56 H–60 ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 39,300 39,300 
58 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS ..................................................................................................... ....................... 5,690 5,690 
61 MQ–9 MODS ................................................................................................................... .................................... 69,000 69,000 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................ 128,900 128,900 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
TACTICAL 
6 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................... ................ 280,902 280,902 
7 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB .......................................................................................................... ..................... 2,520 2,520 
CLASS IV 
10 AGM–65D MAVERICK ............................................................................................................ ........................... 5,720 5,720 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................................ 289,142 289,142 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE 
CARTRIDGES 
2 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................... ................................ 8,371 8,371 
BOMBS 
4 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ .................. 17,031 17,031 
6 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ................................................................................................. .............. 184,412 184,412 
FLARES 
12 FLARES ...................................................................................................................... ...................................... 11,064 11,064 
FUZES 
13 FUZES ....................................................................................................................... ........................................ 7,996 7,996 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ................................................................................. 228,874 228,874 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3577 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
25 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ........ 3,953 3,953 
27 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ................................................................................................ ............ 2,000 2,000 
AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 
42 USCENTCOM ................................................................................................................... .................................. 10,000 10,000 
ORGANIZATION AND BASE 
52 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ...................... 4,065 4,065 
56 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE .................................................................................................... ................ 15,400 15,400 
PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 
58 NIGHT VISION GOGGLES ........................................................................................................ ........................ 3,580 3,580 
59 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. .................... 3,407 3,407 
BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
62 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............ 46,790 46,790 
64 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................................... ......................... 400 400 
65 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. .................... 9,800 9,800 
SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 
71 DEFENSE SPACE RECONNAISSANCE PROG. .......................................................................................... ...... 28,070 28,070 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
71A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ........................ 3,732,499 3,732,499 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .................................................................................................. 3,859,964 3,859,964 
PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 
8 TELEPORT PROGRAM ............................................................................................................. ........................ 1,940 1,940 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
40A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ........................ 35,482 35,482 
AVIATION PROGRAMS 
41 MC–12 ....................................................................................................................... .......................................... 5,000 5,000 
AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 
56 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ......................................................................................................... ......................... 35,299 35,299 
OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 
61 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .......................... 15,160 15,160 
63 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ ....................... 15,000 15,000 
68 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS .................................................................................................... ............... 104,537 104,537 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ....................................................................................................... 212,418 212,418 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT ............................................................................................................................... .... 7,257,270 7,208,999 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND 
EVALUATION. 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
1 0601101A IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ............................................................ 13,018 13,018 2 0601102A DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ... 239,118 279,118 
Basic research program increase .............................................................................................. [4 0,000] 
3 0601103A UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES .................................................................................... 7 2,603 72,603 
4 0601104A UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS ............................................................. 100,340 100,340  
SUBTOTAL, BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................... 425,079 465,079 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
5 0602105A MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ....... 28,314 28,314 
6 0602120A SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY ....................................................................... 38,374 38 ,374 
7 0602122A TRACTOR HIP ......................................................................................................... .................... 6,879 6,879 
8 0602211A AVIATION TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. .......... 56,884 56,884 
9 0602270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... 19,2 43 19,243 
10 0602303A MISSILE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ............ 45,053 45,053 
11 0602307A ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... 29 ,428 29,428 
12 0602308A ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND SIMULATION .............................................................................. 27,86 2 27,862 
13 0602601A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY ........................................................... 68,839 68,839 14 0602618A BALLISTIAG TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ........ 92,801 92,801 
15 0602622A CHEMICAL, SMOKE AND EQUIPMENT DEFEATING TECHNOLOGY ....................................... 3,866 3,866 
16 0602623A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM ............................................................................... 5,48 7 5,487 
17 0602624A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. 48,340  48,340 
18 0602705A ELECTRONIAG AND ELECTRONIC DEVICES ........................................................................... 55,301  55,301 
19 0602709A NIGHT VISION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ........ 33,807 33,807 
20 0602712A COUNTERMINE SYSTEMS ................................................................................................ ......... 25,068 25,068 
21 0602716A HUMAN FACTORS ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY .................................................................... 23,681 23,6 81 
22 0602720A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................ 20,850 20,850 
23 0602782A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ..................................................... 36,160 36,160 24 0602783A COMPUTER AND SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... 12,656 1 2,656 
25 0602784A MILITARY ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ 63,4 09 63,409 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3578 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
26 0602785A MANPOWER/PERSONNEL/TRAINING TECHNOLOGY ............................................................... 24,735 24,735 
27 0602786A WARFIGHTER TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ...... 35,795 35,795 
28 0602787A MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ........... 76,853 76,853 
SUBTOTAL, APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................................................. 879,685 879,685 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
29 0603001A WARFIGHTER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... 46,973  46,973 
30 0603002A MEDICAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... 6 9,584 69,584 
31 0603003A AVIATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... 8 9,736 89,736 
32 0603004A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ......................................................... 57,663 57,663 33 0603005A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................... 113,071 113,071 34 0603006A SPACE APPLICATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................... 5,554 5,554  
35 0603007A MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................ 12,636 12,636 37 0603009A TRACTOR HIKE ....................................................................................................... ................... 7,502 7,502 
38 0603015A NEXT GENERATION TRAINING & SIMULATION SYSTEMS .................................................... 17,425 17,425 39 0603020A TRACTOR ROSE ....................................................................................................... ................... 11,912 11,912 
40 0603125A COMBATING TERRORISM—TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................... 27,520 27,520 41 0603130A TRACTOR NAIL ....................................................................................................... ................... 2,381 2,381 
42 0603131A TRACTOR EGGS ....................................................................................................... ................... 2,431 2,431 
43 0603270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... 26, 874 26,874 
44 0603313A MISSILE AND ROCKET ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................. 49,449 49,44 9 
45 0603322A TRACTOR CAGE ....................................................................................................... ................... 10,999 10,999 
46 0603461A HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ........................................ 177,159 167,159 
Encourage use of commercial technology ................................................................................. [–10,000 ] 
47 0603606A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................ 13,993 13,993 48 0603607A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM ............................................................................... 5,10 5 5,105 
49 0603710A NIGHT VISION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... 40,9 29 40,929 
50 0603728A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .......................................... 10,727 10,727 51 0603734A MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................ 20,145 20,145 52 0603772A ADVANCED TACTICAL COMPUTER SCIENCE AND SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ......................... 38,163 38,163 53 0603794A C3 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ....... 37,816 37,816 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 895,747 885,747 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
54 0603305A ARMY MISSLE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ............................................................... 10,347 10,347  
55 0603308A ARMY SPACE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................. 25, 061 25,061 
56 0603619A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER—ADV DEV ................................................................... 49,636 49,63 6 
57 0603627A SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS-ADV DEV .......................................... 13,426 13,426 58 0603639A TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION .......................................................................... 46,749 46,749 
60 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY .............................................................................. 6,25 8 6,258 
61 0603766A TACTICAL ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—ADV DEV ............................................. 13,472 13,472 62 0603774A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 7,292 7,292 63 0603779A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—DEM/VAL ......................................................... 8,813 8,813 65 0603790A NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 6,0 75 6,075 
67 0603804A LOGISTIAG AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ADV DEV ............................................................. 21,233 21,233 68 0603807A MEDICAL SYSTEMS—ADV DEV ............................................................................................ .... 31,962 31,962 
69 0603827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ................................................................. 22,194 22,194 
71 0604100A ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES ........................................................................................... ..... 9,805 9,805 
72 0604115A TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ............................................................................. 40,91 7 40,917 
73 0604120A ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING (PNT) .................................................. 30,058 30,058 74 0604319A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INCREMENT 2–INTERCEPT (IFPC2) ................ 155,361 155,361 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................ 498,659 498,659 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
76 0604201A AIRCRAFT AVIONIAG .................................................................................................. .............. 12,939 12,939 
78 0604270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 18,84 3 18,843 
79 0604280A JOINT TACTICAL RADIO ............................................................................................... ............ 9,861 9,861 
80 0604290A MID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR) ........................................................... 8,763 8,763 81 0604321A ALL SOURCE ANALYSIS SYSTEM ......................................................................................... ... 4,309 4,309 
82 0604328A TRACTOR CAGE ....................................................................................................... ................... 15,138 15,138 
83 0604601A INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS ........................................................................................... ... 74,128 76,628 
Transfer from WTCV ............................................................................................................. .... [2,500] 
85 0604611A JAVELIN ............................................................................................................ ......................... 3,945 3,945 
87 0604633A AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ................................................................................................ ............ 10,076 10,076 
88 0604641A TACTICAL UNMANNED GROUND VEHICLE (TUGV) ................................................................ 40,374 40,37 4 
89 0604710A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ....................................................................................... . 67,582 67,582 
90 0604713A COMBAT FEEDING, CLOTHING, AND EQUIPMENT .................................................................. 1,763 1,76 3 
91 0604715A NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES—ENG DEV ........................................................................ 27,155 2 7,155 
92 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV ................................. 24,569 24,569 93 0604742A CONSTRUCTIVE SIMULATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .................................................... 23,364 23,364 94 0604746A AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT DEVELOPMENT ................................................................... 8,960 8,960 95 0604760A DISTRIBUTIVE INTERACTIVE SIMULATIONS (DIS)—ENG DEV ............................................ 9,138 9,138 
96 0604780A COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER (CATT) CORE ............................................................ 21,622 21,622  
97 0604798A BRIGADE ANALYSIS, INTEGRATION AND EVALUATION ...................................................... 99,242 99,242 98 0604802A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS—ENG DEV ................................................................................... 21, 379 21,379 
99 0604804A LOGISTIAG AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ............................................................. 48,339 48,339 
100 0604805A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ......................................... 2,726 2,726 
101 0604807A MEDICAL MATERIEL/MEDICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ............... 45,412 45,412 102 0604808A LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER—ENG DEV ........................................................................... 55,215 55,215 
104 0604818A ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE .................................. 163,643 163,643 105 0604820A RADAR DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. ........... 12,309 12,309 
106 0604822A GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEM (GFEBS) ................................................ 15,700 15,700 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3579 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
107 0604823A FIREFINDER ........................................................................................................ ....................... 6,243 6,243 
108 0604827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—WARRIOR DEM/VAL ............................................................................... 18,7 76 18,776 
109 0604854A ARTILLERY SYSTEMS—EMD ............................................................................................. ...... 1,953 1,953 
110 0605013A INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... 67,358 67 ,358 
111 0605018A INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPPS-A) ............................................ 136,011 86,011 
Restructure program ............................................................................................................ .... [–50,000] 
112 0605028A ARMORED MULTI-PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ...................................................................... 230,210 230,210 
113 0605030A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) ......................................................................... 13,35 7 13,357 
114 0605031A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) ...................................................................................... ..... 18,055 18,055 
115 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ...................................................................................................... ..................... 5,677 5,677 
116 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) .............................................................. 77,570 101,57 0 
Army UPL for AH–64 ASE development ................................................................................... [24,000] 
117 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... 18,112 78,112 
Army UPL for AH–64 ASE development ................................................................................... [60,000] 
118 0605350A WIN-T INCREMENT 3—FULL NETWORKING ............................................................................ 39,70 0 39,700 
119 0605380A AMF JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM (JTRS) ...................................................................... 12,987  6,155 
Only for SALT program .......................................................................................................... .. [–6,832] 
120 0605450A JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ 88,866 88,866 
121 0605456A PAC–3/MSE MISSILE ................................................................................................. .................. 2,272 2,272 
122 0605457A ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AIAMD) .................................................. 214,099 214,099 123 0605625A MANNED GROUND VEHICLE ............................................................................................. ........ 49,247 49,247 
124 0605626A AERIAL COMMON SENSOR .............................................................................................. .......... 2 2 
125 0605766A NATIONAL CAPABILITIES INTEGRATION (MIP) ..................................................................... 10,599  10,599 
126 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DE-
VELOPMENT PH ................................................................................................................... ... 32,486 32,486 
127 0605830A AVIATION GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................ 8,880  8,880 
128 0210609A PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) ........................................................................ 152,288  152,288 
129 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ....................................................................................................... ..................... 5,022 5,022 
130 0304270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 12,6 86 12,686 
SUBTOTAL, SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ..................................................... 2,068,950 2,098,618 
RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
131 0604256A THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... 20 ,035 20,035 
132 0604258A TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ . 16,684 16,684 
133 0604759A MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. .......... 62,580 62,580 
134 0605103A RAND ARROYO CENTER ................................................................................................ ............ 20,853 20,853 
135 0605301A ARMY KWAJALEIN ATOLL .............................................................................................. ......... 205,145 205,145 
136 0605326A CONCEPTS EXPERIMENTATION PROGRAM ............................................................................ 19,430  19,430 
138 0605601A ARMY TEST RANGES AND FACILITIES ................................................................................... 277,646 277,646 
139 0605602A ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS ............................................. 51,550 51,550 140 0605604A SURVIVABILITY/LETHALITY ANALYSIS ................................................................................ 33 ,246 33,246 
141 0605606A AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION ............................................................................................ .......... 4,760 4,760 
142 0605702A METEOROLOGICAL SUPPORT TO RDT&E ACTIVITIES .......................................................... 8,303 8,303 143 0605706A MATERIEL SYSTEMS ANALYSIS ......................................................................................... .... 20,403 20,403 
144 0605709A EXPLOITATION OF FOREIGN ITEMS ..................................................................................... .. 10,396 10,396 
145 0605712A SUPPORT OF OPERATIONAL TESTING .................................................................................... 49,337 49,337 
146 0605716A ARMY EVALUATION CENTER ............................................................................................ ....... 52,694 52,694 
147 0605718A ARMY MODELING & SIM X-CMD COLLABORATION & INTEG ................................................ 938 938 148 0605801A PROGRAMWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................ ........ 60,319 60,319 
149 0605803A TECHNICAL INFORMATION ACTIVITIES ................................................................................. 2 8,478 28,478 
150 0605805A MUNITIONS STANDARDIZATION, EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY ....................................... 32,604 24,604 
Under execution of prior year funds ......................................................................................... [–8 ,000] 
151 0605857A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY MGMT SUPPORT .............................................. 3,186 3,186 152 0605898A MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. .......... 48,955 48,955 
SUBTOTAL, RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .......................................................................... 1,027,542 1,019,542 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
154 0603778A MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ........................................................................... 18,397 18,397 
155 0603813A TRACTOR PULL ...................................................................................................... .................... 9,461 9,461 
156 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS .................................... 4,945 4,945 
157 0607133A TRACTOR SMOKE .....................................................................................................
.................. 7,569 7,569 
158 0607135A APACHE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ...................................................................... 69,862 69, 862 
159 0607136A BLACKHAWK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .............................................................. 66,653 66,653 
160 0607137A CHINOOK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ..................................................................... 37,407 37, 407 
161 0607138A FIXED WING PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................... 1,151 1,151 162 0607139A IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM ................................................................................ 51, 164 51,164 
163 0607140A EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES FROM NIE ................................................................................... 2 ,481 2,481 
164 0607141A LOGISTIAG AUTOMATION .............................................................................................. ........... 1,673 1,673 
166 0607665A FAMILY OF BIOMETRIAG .............................................................................................. ........... 13,237 13,237 
167 0607865A PATRIOT PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT ....................................................................................... . 105,816 105,816 
169 0202429A AEROSTAT JOINT PROJECT—COCOM EXERCISE ................................................................... 40,565 40, 565 
171 0203728A JOINT AUTOMATED DEEP OPERATION COORDINATION SYSTEM (JADOAG) ...................... 35,719 35,719 172 0203735A COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ..................................................................... 257,167 29 7,167 
Stryker modification and improvement ................................................................................... [40,000]  
173 0203740A MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM ........................................................................................... .... 15,445 15,445 
175 0203752A AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................... 364 364 
176 0203758A DIGITIZATION ...................................................................................................... ...................... 4,361 4,361 
177 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................. 3,154 3,154 178 0203802A OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ....................................................... 35,951 35,951 179 0203808A TRACTOR CARD ...................................................................................................... ................... 34,686 34,686 
180 0205402A INTEGRATED BASE DEFENSE—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV ............................................. 10,750 10,750 181 0205410A MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... 402 402 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3580 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
183 0205456A LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SYSTEM ................................................... 64,159 64,159 
184 0205778A GUIDED MULTIPLE-LAUNCH ROCKET SYSTEM (GMLRS) ..................................................... 17,527 17,527 185 0208053A JOINT TACTICAL GROUND SYSTEM ...................................................................................... .. 20,515 20,515 
187 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES .......................................................................... 12,3 68 12,368 
188 0303140A INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .................................................................... 31,154 31, 154 
189 0303141A GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... 12,274 12,274 
190 0303142A SATCOM GROUND ENVIRONMENT (SPACE) ............................................................................ 9,355  9,355 
191 0303150A WWMCAG/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ......................................................... 7,053 7,053 193 0305179A INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) .............................................................................. 75 0 750 
194 0305204A TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ............................................................................ 13,22 5 13,225 
195 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................ 22, 870 22,870 
196 0305208A DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................... 25,592 25,592 
199 0305233A RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... ........................... 7,297 7,297 
201 0310349A WIN-T INCREMENT 2—INITIAL NETWORKING ........................................................................ 3,800 3,800 
202 0708045A END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES ......................................................... 48,442 48,442 
9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. .......... 4,536 4,536 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 1,129,297 1,169,297 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ...................................................... 6,924,959 7,016,627 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
1 0601103N UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES .................................................................................... 1 16,196 116,196 
2 0601152N IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ............................................................ 19,126 19,126 3 0601153N DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ... 451,606 506,606 
Basic research program increase .............................................................................................. [5 5,000] 
SUBTOTAL, BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................... 586,928 641,928 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
4 0602114N POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................ 68,723 68,723 
5 0602123N FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................. 154,96 3 154,963 
6 0602131M MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................... 49,001 49,00 1 
7 0602235N COMMON PICTURE APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................ 42,55 1 42,551 
8 0602236N WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................. 45,056 45,056 9 0602271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH ........................................................... 115,051 115,051 
10 0602435N OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................. 42,252 42,252 11 0602651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS APPLIED RESEARCH ........................................................... 6,119 6,119 12 0602747N UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH .......................................................................... 123,750 142,350 
Accelerate undersea warfare research ...................................................................................... [18,6 00] 
13 0602750N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH .......................................................... 179,686 179,686  
14 0602782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................. 37,418 37,418 
SUBTOTAL, APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................................................. 864,570 883,170 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
15 0603114N POWER PROJECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................... 37,093 37,0 93 
16 0603123N FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................... 38,044 38,0 44 
17 0603271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................. 34,899 34,899 18 0603640M USMC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION (ATD) ................................................... 137,562 137,562 19 0603651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................... 12,745 12,745 20 0603673N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ..................... 258,860 248,860 
Capable manpower, enablers, and sea basing ............................................................................ [–10,000]  
21 0603680N MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .......................................................................... 57,074 57 ,074 
22 0603729N WARFIGHTER PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................ 4,807 4,807 23 0603747N UNDERSEA WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................. 13,748 13,748 24 0603758N NAVY WARFIGHTING EXPERIMENTS AND DEMONSTRATIONS ........................................... 66,041 66,041 25 0603782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..................................... 1,991 1,991 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 662,864 652,864 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
26 0603207N AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS .................................................................................... 41,832 41,832 
27 0603216N AVIATION SURVIVABILITY ............................................................................................. ......... 5,404 5,404 
28 0603237N DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND AND CONTROL .................................................................... 3,086 3,086  
29 0603251N AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... .............. 11,643 11,643 
30 0603254N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ ... 5,555 5,555 
31 0603261N TACTICAL AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE ............................................................................... 3,08 7 3,087 
32 0603382N ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................... 1,636 1,63 6 
33 0603502N SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................ 118,588 118,588 34 0603506N SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE ....................................................................................... . 77,385 77,385 
35 0603512N CARRIER SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... 8 ,348 8,348 
36 0603525N PILOT FISH ......................................................................................................... ........................ 123,246 123,246 
37 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ...................................................................................................... ................. 28,819 28,819 
38 0603536N RETRACT JUNIPER .................................................................................................... ................ 112,678 112,678 
39 0603542N RADIOLOGICAL CONTROL ............................................................................................... .......... 710 710 
40 0603553N SURFACE ASW ........................................................................................................ .................... 1,096 1,096 
41 0603561N ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ............................................................... 87,160 98,160 
Accelerate unmanned underwater vehicle development ........................................................... [11,000] 
42 0603562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS ........................................................................ 10,371 10 ,371 
43 0603563N SHIP CONCEPT ADVANCED DESIGN ....................................................................................... . 11,888 11,888 
44 0603564N SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES ........................................................ 4,332 4,332 45 0603570N ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ................................................................................ 482,0 40 482,040 
46 0603573N ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS ........................................................................ 25,904 25 ,904 
47 0603576N CHALK EAGLE ........................................................................................................ .................... 511,802 511,802 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3581 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
48 0603581N LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LAG) ......................................................................................... ...... 118,416 118,416 
49 0603582N COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION .......................................................................................... ... 35,901 35,901 
50 0603595N OHIO REPLACEMENT ................................................................................................... .............. 971,393 971,393 
51 0603596N LAG MISSION MODULES ................................................................................................ ........... 206,149 206,149 
52 0603597N AUTOMATED TEST AND RE-TEST (ATRT) .............................................................................. 8,00 0 8,000 
53 0603609N CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................. ....... 7,678 7,678 
54 0603611M MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES ...................................................................................... 219,082 219,082 
55 0603635M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................................................... 623 623 
56 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT .................................................... 18,260 18,260 
57 0603658N COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT ............................................................................................. ..... 76,247 76,247 
58 0603713N OCEAN ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 4,520 4,520 59 0603721N ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION ........................................................................................... ... 20,711 20,711 
60 0603724N NAVY ENERGY PROGRAM ................................................................................................ ........ 47,761 47,761 
61 0603725N FACILITIES IMPROVEMENT ............................................................................................. ........ 5,226 5,226 
62 0603734N CHALK CORAL ........................................................................................................ .................... 182,771 182,771 
63 0603739N NAVY LOGISTIC PRODUCTIVITY ......................................................................................... .... 3,866 3,866 
64 0603746N RETRACT MAPLE ...................................................................................................... ................. 360,065 360,065 
65 0603748N LINK PLUMERIA ...................................................................................................... .................. 237,416 237,416 
66 0603751N RETRACT ELM ........................................................................................................ ................... 37,944 37,944 
67 0603764N LINK EVERGREEN ..................................................................................................... ................ 47,312 47,312 
68 0603787N SPECIAL PROCESSES .................................................................................................. .............. 17,408 17,408 
69 0603790N NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 9,3 59 9,359 
70 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ...... 887 887 
71 0603851M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TESTING ................................................................................ 29, 448 29,448 
72 0603860N JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS—DEM/VAL ................................... 91,479 91,479 73 0603925N DIRECTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC WEAPON SYSTEMS ...................................................... 67,360 67,360 74 0604112N GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER (CVN 78—80) ................................ 48,105 127,205 
Full ship shock trials for CVN–78 ............................................................................................. [ 79,100] 
75 0604122N REMOTE MINEHUNTING SYSTEM (RMS) ................................................................................. 20, 089 20,089 
76 0604272N TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (TADIRCM) ...................... 18,969 18,969 
77 0604279N ASE SELF-PROTECTION OPTIMIZATION ................................................................................. 7, 874 7,874 
78 0604292N MH-XX .............................................................................................................. ........................... 5,298 5,298 
79 0604454N LX (R) ............................................................................................................. ............................. 46,486 75,486 
Accelerate LX (R) .............................................................................................................. ....... [29,000] 
80 0604653N JOINT COUNTER RADIO CONTROLLED IED ELECTRONIC WARFARE (JCREW) ................... 3,817 3,817 81 0604659N PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM ................................................... 9,595 9,595 82 0604707N SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING SUPPORT .... 29,581 29,581 83 0604786N OFFENSIVE ANTI-SURFACE WARFARE WEAPON DEVELOPMENT ...................................... 285,849 285,849 84 0605812M JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DE-
VELOPMENT PH ................................................................................................................... ... 36,656 36,656 
85 0303354N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT—MIP ...................................................................................... 9, 835 9,835 
86 0304270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT—MIP ...................................................................... 580 580 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................ 5,024,626 5,143,726 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
87 0603208N TRAINING SYSTEM AIRCRAFT ........................................................................................... ..... 21,708 21,708 
88 0604212N OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................. ..... 11,101 11,101 
89 0604214N AV–8B AIRCRAFT—ENG DEV ............................................................................................. ........ 39,878 39,878 
90 0604215N STANDARDS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................................. ..... 53,059 53,059 
91 0604216N MULTI-MISSION HELICOPTER UPGRADE DEVELOPMENT ................................................... 21,358 21,358 92 0604218N AIR/OCEAN EQUIPMENT ENGINEERING .................................................................................. 4, 515 4,515 
93 0604221N P–3 MODERNIZATION PROGRAM .......................................................................................... .... 1,514 1,514 
94 0604230N WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................. ..... 5,875 5,875 
95 0604231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM ............................................................................................ .... 81,553 81,553 
96 0604234N ADVANCED HAWKEYE ................................................................................................... ............ 272,149 272,149 
97 0604245N H–1 UPGRADES ....................................................................................................... .................... 27,235 27,235 
98 0604261N ACOUSTIC SEARCH SENSORS ............................................................................................ ....... 35,763 35,763 
99 0604262N V–22A .............................................................................................................. ............................. 87,918 87,918 
100 0604264N AIR CREW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... 12,679 12,679 
101 0604269N EA–18 ............................................................................................................. ............................... 56,921 56,921 
102 0604270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 23,6 85 23,685 
103 0604273N EXECUTIVE HELO DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ .. 507,093 507,093 
104 0604274N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ......................................................................................
.. 411,767 411,767 
105 0604280N JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM—NAVY (JTRS-NAVY) ....................................................... 25,071 25,071 
106 0604307N SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING .................................................... 443,433 443,433 
107 0604311N LPD–17 CLASS SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ................................................................................. 7 47 747 
108 0604329N SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) ......................................................................................... ...... 97,002 97,002 
109 0604366N STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS .................................................................................... 1 29,649 129,649 
110 0604373N AIRBORNE MCM ...................................................................................................... ................... 11,647 11,647 
111 0604376M MARINE AIR GROUND TASK FORCE (MAGTF) ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) FOR AVIA-
TION ........................................................................................................................... .............. 2,778 2,778 
112 0604378N NAVAL INTEGRATED FIRE CONTROL—COUNTER AIR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ............... 23,695 23,695 113 0604404N UNMANNED CARRIER LAUNCHED AIRBORNE SURVEILLANCE AND STRIKE (UCLASS) 
SYSTEM ......................................................................................................................... .......... 134,708 0 
Excess FY15 funds buy down FY16 requirements ...................................................................... [–134,708] 
114 0604501N ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS ..................................................................................... 4 3,914 43,914 
115 0604503N SSN–688 AND TRIDENT MODERNIZATION ................................................................................ 1 09,908 109,908 
116 0604504N AIR CONTROL ....................................................................................................... ...................... 57,928 57,928 
117 0604512N SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ .... 120,217 120,217 
118 0604522N AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR (AMDR) SYSTEM .......................................................... 241,754 241,7 54 
119 0604558N NEW DESIGN SSN .................................................................................................... ................... 122,556 122,556 
120 0604562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM ........................................................................... 48,213  60,213 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3582 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Accelerate submarine combat and weapon system modernization ........................................... [12,000] 
121 0604567N SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/ LIVE FIRE T&E .............................................................................. 4 9,712 49,712 
122 0604574N NAVY TACTICAL COMPUTER RESOURCES ............................................................................. 4,096  4,096 
123 0604580N VIRGINIA PAYLOAD MODULE (VPM) ..................................................................................... .. 167,719 167,719 
124 0604601N MINE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................. .............. 15,122 15,122 
125 0604610N LIGHTWEIGHT TORPEDO DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................. 33,73 8 33,738 
126 0604654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT .................................................... 8,123 8,123 
127 0604703N PERSONNEL, TRAINING, SIMULATION, AND HUMAN FACTORS .......................................... 7,686 7,686 128 0604727N JOINT STANDOFF WEAPON SYSTEMS .................................................................................... 4 05 405 
129 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) .......................................................................... 153, 836 153,836 
130 0604756N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) ......................................................................... 99,6 19 99,619 
131 0604757N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: SOFT KILL/EW) .................................................................... 116,79 8 116,798 
132 0604761N INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING .......................................................................................... ....... 4,353 4,353 
133 0604771N MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... .......... 9,443 9,443 
134 0604777N NAVIGATION/ID SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ............ 32,469 32,469 
135 0604800M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... .. 537,901 525,401 
F–35B Block 4 development early to need ................................................................................. [–12,50 0] 
136 0604800N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... .. 504,736 492,236 
F–35C Block 4 development early to need ................................................................................. [–12,50 0] 
137 0604810M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—MARINE CORPS ............................ 59,265 59,265 138 0604810N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—NAVY ............................................. 47,579 47,579 139 0605013M INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... 5,914 5,9 14 
140 0605013N INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... 89,711 89 ,711 
141 0605212N CH–53K RDTE ....................................................................................................... ....................... 632,092 632,092 
142 0605220N SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR (SSC) ..................................................................................... ..... 7,778 7,778 
143 0605450N JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ 25,898 25,898 
144 0605500N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) ....................................................................... 247,92 9 247,929 
145 0204202N DDG–1000 .......................................................................................................... ............................ 103,199 103,199 
146 0304231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM—MIP ....................................................................................... 998 998 
147 0304785N TACTICAL CRYPTOLOGIC SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... . 17,785 17,785 
148 0305124N SPECIAL APPLICATIONS PROGRAM ...................................................................................... .. 35,905 35,905 
SUBTOTAL, SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ..................................................... 6,308,800 6,161,092 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
149 0604256N THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... 30 ,769 30,769 
150 0604258N TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ . 112,606 112,606 
151 0604759N MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. .......... 61,234 61,234 
152 0605126N JOINT THEATER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION ........................................... 6,995 6,995 153 0605152N STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—NAVY ........................................................................... 4,011 4,011 
154 0605154N CENTER FOR NAVAL ANALYSES ......................................................................................... .... 48,563 48,563 
155 0605285N NEXT GENERATION FIGHTER ........................................................................................... ....... 5,000 5,000 
157 0605804N TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICES .................................................................................... 925 925 
158 0605853N MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ................................................. 78,143 78,143 159 0605856N STRATEGIC TECHNICAL SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ... 3,258 3,258 
160 0605861N RDT&E SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT ............................................................. 76,948 76,948 161 0605863N RDT&E SHIP AND AIRCRAFT SUPPORT .................................................................................. 1 32,122 132,122 
162 0605864N TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... .. 351,912 351,912 
163 0605865N OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION CAPABILITY .......................................................... 17,985 17,985 164 0605866N NAVY SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) SUPPORT ............................................... 5,316 5,316 165 0605867N SEW SURVEILLANCE/RECONNAISSANCE SUPPORT .............................................................. 6,519 6,519 
166 0605873M MARINE CORPS PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT ............................................................................ 13,64 9 13,649 
SUBTOTAL, MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ....................................................................................... 955,955 955,955 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
174 0101221N STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT .................................................................. 107,039 10 7,039 
175 0101224N SSBN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................................................................. 46,50 6 46,506 
176 0101226N SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 3,900 4,700 
Accelerate combat rapid attack weapon ................................................................................... [800] 
177 0101402N NAVY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS .................................................................................... 1 6,569 16,569 
178 0203761N RAPID TECHNOLOGY TRANSITION (RTT) ............................................................................... 18 ,632 18,632 
179 0204136N F/A–18 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................. .................. 133,265 133,265 
181 0204163N FLEET TELECOMMUNICATIONS (TACTICAL) ......................................................................... 62,867  62,867 
182 0204228N SURFACE SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ................ 36,045 36,045 
183 0204229N TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER (TMPC) .................................. 25,228 25,228 
184 0204311N INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ................................................................................. 54, 218 54,218 
185 0204413N AMPHIBIOUS TACTICAL SUPPORT UNITS (DISPLACEMENT CRAFT) .................................. 11,335 11,335 
186 0204460M GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ................................................................... 80,129 8 0,129 
187 0204571N CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 39,087 39,087 188 0204574N CRYPTOLOGIC DIRECT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ .... 1,915 1,915 
189 0204575N ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) READINESS SUPPORT ............................................................ 46,609 46,609  
190 0205601N HARM IMPROVEMENT .................................................................................................. ............. 52,708 52,708 
191 0205604N TACTICAL DATA LINKS ............................................................................................... ............. 149,997 149,997 
192 0205620N SURFACE ASW COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ................................................................... 24,460 24, 460 
193 0205632N MK–48 ADCAP ....................................................................................................... ....................... 42,206 47,706 
Accelerate torpedo upgrades .................................................................................................... . [5,500] 
194 0205633N AVIATION IMPROVEMENTS ............................................................................................. ......... 117,759 117,759 
195 0205675N OPERATIONAL NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS .......................................................................... 101,323  101,323 
196 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ....................................................................... 67,763 6 7,763 
197 0206335M COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (CAC2S) ........................................ 13,431 13,431 198 0206623M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS ...................................... 56,769 56,769 199 0206624M MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT ...................................................................... 20,729 2 0,729 
200 0206625M USMC INTELLIGENCE/ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS (MIP) .......................................... 13,152 13,152 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3583 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
201 0206629M AMPHIBIOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE ........................................................................................ .... 48,535 48,535 
202 0207161N TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. ............ 76,016 76,016 
203 0207163N ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ............................................ 32,172 32,172 208 0303109N SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS (SPACE) ................................................................................ 53 ,239 53,239 
209 0303138N CONSOLIDATED AFLOAT NETWORK ENTERPRISE SERVICES (CANES) .............................. 21,677 21,677 210 0303140N INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .................................................................... 28,102 28, 102 
211 0303150M WWMCAG/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ......................................................... 294 294 213 0305160N NAVY METEOROLOGICAL AND OCEAN SENSORS-SPACE (METOC) ...................................... 599 599 214 0305192N MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM (MIP) ACTIVITIES ..................................................... 6,207 6,207 215 0305204N TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ............................................................................ 8,550  8,550 
216 0305205N UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ....................................................................... 41,831 41,831 
217 0305208M DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................... 1,105 1,105 218 0305208N DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................... 33,149 33,149 219 0305220N RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... ........................... 227,188 227,188 
220 0305231N MQ–8 UAV .......................................................................................................... .......................... 52,770 52,770 
221 0305232M RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... .......................... 635 635 
222 0305233N RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... ........................... 688 688 
223 0305234N SMALL (LEVEL 0) TACTICAL UAS (STUASL0) ......................................................................... 4,6 47 4,647 
224 0305239M RQ–21A ............................................................................................................ ............................. 6,435 6,435 
225 0305241N MULTI-INTELLIGENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT ................................................................... 49,145 49, 145 
226 0305242M UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (UAS) PAYLOADS (MIP) ....................................................... 9,246 9,246 
227 0305421N RQ–4 MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ .............. 150,854 150,854 
228 0308601N MODELING AND SIMULATION SUPPORT ................................................................................ 4,7 57 4,757 
229 0702207N DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ...... 24,185 24,185 
231 0708730N MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) ................................................................................... 4 ,321 4,321 
231A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ............... 1,252,185 1,252,185 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 3,482,173 3,488,473 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ....................................................... 17,885,916 17,927,208 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF 
BASIC RESEARCH 
1 0601102F DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ... 329,721 374,721 
Basic research program increase .............................................................................................. [4 5,000] 
2 0601103F UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES .................................................................................... 1 41,754 141,754 
3 0601108F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES .................................................................... 13,778 13, 778 
SUBTOTAL, BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................... 485,253 530,253 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
4 0602102F MATERIALS ........................................................................................................... ..................... 125,234 115,234 
Nanostructured and biological materials ................................................................................. [–10,00 0] 
5 0602201F AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................... 123 ,438 123,438 
6 0602202F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH ..................................................................... 100,530 100 ,530 
7 0602203F AEROSPACE PROPULSION ................................................................................................ ........ 182,326 182,326 
8 0602204F AEROSPACE SENSORS ................................................................................................... ........... 147,291 147,291 
9 0602601F SPACE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................................... ............ 116,122 116,122 
10 0602602F CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................. ....... 99,851 99,851 
11 0602605F DIRECTED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................................... . 115,604 115,604 
12 0602788F DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS ........................................................... 164,909 164,909  
13 0602890F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH ......................................................................................... .. 42,037 42,037 
SUBTOTAL, APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................................................. 1,217,342 1,207,342 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
14 0603112F ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS ................................................................. 37,665 37,665  
15 0603199F SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) ............................................................... 18,378 18,37 8 
16 0603203F ADVANCED AEROSPACE SENSORS ......................................................................................... . 42,183 42,183 
17 0603211F AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEV/DEMO ................................................................................... 100 ,733 100,733 
18 0603216F AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY ......................................................... 168,821 168,821 19 0603270F ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... 4 7,032 47,032 
20 0603401F ADVANCED SPACECRAFT TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ 54,89 7 54,897 
21 0603444F MAUI SPACE SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM (MSSS) ...................................................................... 12,853 1 2,853 
22 0603456F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................ 25,448 25,448 23 0603601F CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. 48,536  48,536 
24 0603605F ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... 30 ,195 30,195 
25 0603680F MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .......................................................................... 42,630 42 ,630 
26 0603788F BATTLESPACE KNOWLEDGE DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ............................... 46,414 46,414 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 675,785 675,785 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
27 0603260F INTELLIGENCE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................... 5,032 5, 032 
29 0603438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................... .... 4,070 4,070 
30 0603742F COMBAT IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... 21,7 90 21,790 
31 0603790F NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 4,7 36 4,736 
33 0603830F SPACE SECURITY AND DEFENSE PROGRAM .......................................................................... 30,771 30,771 
34 0603851F INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE—DEM/VAL .......................................................... 39,765 39,765 
36 0604015F LONG RANGE STRIKE .................................................................................................. .............. 1,246,228 786,228 
Delayed EMD contract award ................................................................................................... [– 460,000] 
37 0604317F TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ................................................................................................ ......... 3,512 3,512 
38 0604327F HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM (HDBTDS) PROGRAM ................. 54,637 54,637 40 0604422F WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON ........................................................................................... ... 76,108 76,108 
44 0604857F OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE .................................................................................. 6,4 57 19,957 
Increase to match previous year funding level ......................................................................... [13,500] 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3584 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
45 0604858F TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM ............................................................................................ ...... 246,514 246,514 
46 0605230F GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT ............................................................................. 75,166  75,166 
49 0207110F NEXT GENERATION AIR DOMINANCE ..................................................................................... 8 ,830 8,830 
50 0207455F THREE DIMENSIONAL LONG-RANGE RADAR (3DELRR) ........................................................ 14,939 14,939 51 0305164F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (USER EQUIPMENT) (SPACE) ........................... 142,288 142,288 52 0306250F CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 81,732 96,732 
Increase USCC Cyber Operations Technology Development ..................................................... [15,000] 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................ 2,062,575 1,631,075 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
55 0604270F ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 929 9 29 
56 0604281F TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE ............................................................................ 60,256  60,256 
57 0604287F PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ .. 5,973 5,973 
58 0604329F SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB)—EMD .................................................................................... 32 ,624 32,624 
59 0604421F COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... ........ 24,208 24,208 
60 0604425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ............................................................................ 32,374  32,374 
61 0604426F SPACE FENCE ........................................................................................................ ..................... 243,909 243,909 
62 0604429F AIRBORNE ELECTRONIC ATTACK ......................................................................................... ... 8,358 8,358 
63 0604441F SPACE BASED INFRARED SYSTEM (SBIRS) HIGH EMD ......................................................... 292,235 292,23 5 
64 0604602F ARMAMENT/ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 40,154  40,154 
65 0604604F SUBMUNITIONS ....................................................................................................... ................... 2,506 2,506 
66 0604617F AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ......... 57,678 57,678 
67 0604706F LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... .......... 8,187 8,187 
68 0604735F COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ............................................................................................. ....... 15,795 15,795 
69 0604800F F–35—EMD ........................................................................................................... ........................ 589,441 564,441 
F–35A Block 4 development early to need ................................................................................. [–25,00 0] 
71 0604853F EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM (SPACE)—EMD .............................. 84,438 84,438 72 0604932F LONG RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON ......................................................................................... . 36,643 36,643 
73 0604933F ICBM FUZE MODERNIZATION ............................................................................................ ....... 142,551 142,551 
74 0605213F F–22 MODERNIZATION INCREMENT 3.2B .................................................................................. 140,640 140,640 
75 0605214F GROUND ATTACK WEAPONS FUZE DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 3,598 3,598 
76 0605221F KC–46 .............................................................................................................. .............................. 602,364 402,364 
Schedule delay and availability of unobligated prior year funds ............................................. [–200,000] 
77 0605223F ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING ............................................................................................ ....... 11,395 11,395 
78 0605229F AGAR HH–60 RECAPITALIZATION ........................................................................................ .... 156,085 156,085 
80 0605431F ADVANCED EHF MILSATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... 2 28,230 228,230 
81 0605432F POLAR MILSATCOM (SPACE) ............................................................................................ ........ 72,084 72,084 
82 0605433F WIDEBAND GLOBAL SATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... 5 6,343 56,343 
83 0605458F AIR & SPACE OPS CENTER 10.2 RDT&E .................................................................................. .. 47,629 47,629 
84 0605931F B–2 DEFENSIVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ................................................................................ 271, 961 271,961 
85 0101125F NUCLEAR WEAPONS MODERNIZATION ................................................................................... 212 ,121 212,121 
86 0207171F F–15 EPAWSS ........................................................................................................ ...................... 186,481 215,981 
NRE for ADCPII upgrade ......................................................................................................... . [28,000] 
Flight test support ............................................................................................................ ........ [1,500] 
87 0207701F FULL COMBAT MISSION TRAINING ....................................................................................... .. 18,082 18,082 
88 0305176F COMBAT SURVIVOR EVADER LOCATOR ................................................................................. 993 993 
89 0307581F NEXTGEN JSTARS ..................................................................................................... ................ 44,343 44,343 
91 0401319F PRESIDENTIAL AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT (PAR) ................................................................. 102,620 102 ,620 
92 0701212F AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. ..... 14,563 14,563 
SUBTOTAL, SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ..................................................... 3,847,791 3,652,291 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
93 0604256F THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... 23, 844 23,844 
94 0604759F MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT ............................................................................................... ......... 68,302 68,302 
95 0605101F RAND PROJECT AIR FORCE ............................................................................................. ......... 34,918 34,918 
97 0605712F INITIAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVALUATION ....................................................................... 10,476 10,476 
98 0605807F TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ........................................................................................ . 673,908 673,908 
99 0605860F ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE) .................................................................... 21,858 21,
858 
100 0605864F SPACE TEST PROGRAM (STP) .......................................................................................... ........ 28,228 28,228 
101 0605976F FACILITIES RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT 40,518 40,518 102 0605978F FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................... 27,895 27,895 103 0606017F REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS AND MATURATION .................................................................... 16,507 16, 507 
104 0606116F SPACE TEST AND TRAINING RANGE DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 18,997 18,997 
106 0606392F SPACE AND MISSILE CENTER (SMC) CIVILIAN WORKFORCE ............................................... 185,305 185,305 
107 0308602F ENTEPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES (EIS) ........................................................................... 4,8 41 4,841 
108 0702806F ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ......................................................................... 15,357 15,357 
109 0804731F GENERAL SKILL TRAINING ............................................................................................ .......... 1,315 1,315 
111 1001004F INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... ........ 2,315 2,315 
SUBTOTAL, MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ....................................................................................... 1,174,584 1,174,584 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
112 0603423F GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM III—OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT ......................... 350,232 350,232 113 0604233F SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING ........................................................... 10,465 10,465 114 0604445F WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................ ........ 24,577 24,577 
117 0605018F AF INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM (AF-IPPS) ............................................... 69,694 24,294 
Restructure program ............................................................................................................ .... [–45,400] 
118 0605024F ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY .............................................................. 26,718 26,718  
119 0605278F HC/MC–130 RECAP RDT&E ............................................................................................. ............. 10,807 10,807 
121 0101113F B–52 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ................... 74,520 74,520 
122 0101122F AIR-LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ............................................................................... 4 51 451 
123 0101126F B–1B SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ................... 2,245 2,245 
124 0101127F B–2 SQUADRONS ..................................................................................................... .................... 108,183 108,183 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3585 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
125 0101213F MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS ............................................................................................... ......... 178,929 178,929 
126 0101313F STRAT WAR PLANNING SYSTEM—USSTRATCOM .................................................................. 28,481 28,48 1 
127 0101314F NIGHT FIST—USSTRATCOM ............................................................................................. ........ 87 87 
128 0101316F WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ............................................................. 5,315 5,315 131 0105921F SERVICE SUPPORT TO STRATCOM—SPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................... 8,090 8,090 132 0205219F MQ–9 UAV .......................................................................................................... .......................... 123,439 123,439 
134 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ................... 0 16,200 
Sustain avionics software development .................................................................................... [16,20 0] 
135 0207133F F–16 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ................... 148,297 148,297 
136 0207134F F–15E SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... .................. 179,283 192,079 
Transfer from procurement ...................................................................................................... [12,796] 
137 0207136F MANNED DESTRUCTIVE SUPPRESSION .................................................................................. 14 ,860 14,860 
138 0207138F F–22A SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... .................. 262,552 262,552 
139 0207142F F–35 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ................... 115,395 115,395 
140 0207161F TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. ............ 43,360 43,360 
141 0207163F ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ............................................ 46,160 46,160 143 0207224F COMBAT RESCUE AND RECOVERY ........................................................................................ .. 412 412 
144 0207227F COMBAT RESCUE—PARARESCUE .......................................................................................... .. 657 657 
145 0207247F AF TENCAP ......................................................................................................... ........................ 31,428 31,428 
146 0207249F PRECISION ATTACK SYSTEMS PROCUREMENT ..................................................................... 1,105 1,1 05 
147 0207253F COMPASS CALL ...................................................................................................... .................... 14,249 14,249 
148 0207268F AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................... 103,942 103,942 149 0207325F JOINT AIR-TO-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE (JASSM) ........................................................ 12,793 12,793  
150 0207410F AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ............................................................................. 21 ,193 21,193 
151 0207412F CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER (CRC) ............................................................................. 559  559 
152 0207417F AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM (AWAAG) ...................................................... 161,812 161,812 153 0207418F TACTICAL AIRBORNE CONTROL SYSTEMS ............................................................................ 6,001  6,001 
155 0207431F COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES .............................................................. 7,793 7,793  
156 0207444F TACTICAL AIR CONTROL PARTY-MOD .................................................................................... 12,465 12,465 
157 0207448F C2ISR TACTICAL DATA LINK .......................................................................................... .......... 1,681 1,681 
159 0207452F DCAPES ............................................................................................................ ........................... 16,796 16,796 
161 0207590F SEEK EAGLE ........................................................................................................ ...................... 21,564 21,564 
162 0207601F USAF MODELING AND SIMULATION ...................................................................................... . 24,994 24,994 
163 0207605F WARGAMING AND SIMULATION CENTERS ............................................................................. 6,035  6,035 
164 0207697F DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES ............................................................................. 4,3 58 4,358 
165 0208006F MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .......................................................................................... ....... 55,835 55,835 
167 0208087F AF OFFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ........................................................................... 12,87 4 12,874 
168 0208088F AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS .......................................................................... 7,681 7,681 
171 0301017F GLOBAL SENSOR INTEGRATED ON NETWORK (GSIN) ........................................................... 5,974 5,974 177 0301400F SPACE SUPERIORITY INTELLIGENCE .................................................................................... . 13,815 13,815 
178 0302015F E–4B NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER (NAOC) .................................................. 80,360 80,360 179 0303001F FAMILY OF ADVANCED BLOS TERMINALS (FAB-T) .............................................................. 3,907 3,907  
180 0303131F MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) .................... 75,062 75,062 181 0303140F INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .................................................................... 46,599 46, 599 
183 0303142F GLOBAL FORCE MANAGEMENT—DATA INITIATIVE ............................................................. 2,470 2,470 
186 0304260F AIRBORNE SIGINT ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ..... 112,775 112,775 
189 0305099F GLOBAL AIR TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT (GATM) ...................................................................... 4,235 4, 235 
192 0305110F SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) .............................................................................. 7,8 79 7,879 
193 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE ................................................................................................... ................ 29,955 29,955 
194 0305114F AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, APPROACH, AND LANDING SYSTEM (ATCALS) ........................... 21,485 21,485 195 0305116F AERIAL TARGETS .................................................................................................... .................. 2,515 2,515 
198 0305128F SECURITY AND INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................ 472 4 72 
199 0305145F ARMS CONTROL IMPLEMENTATION ....................................................................................... 12,137 12,137 
200 0305146F DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ....................................................... 361 361 203 0305173F SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER ....................................................... 3,162 3,162 204 0305174F SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .............. 1,543 1,543 205 0305179F INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) .............................................................................. 7, 860 7,860 
206 0305182F SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... . 6,902 6,902 
207 0305202F DRAGON U–2 ........................................................................................................ ........................ 34,471 34,471 
209 0305206F AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................ 50, 154 50,154 
210 0305207F MANNED RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... 13 ,245 13,245 
211 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................... 22,784 22,784 212 0305219F MQ–1 PREDATOR A UAV ............................................................................................... ............. 716 716 
213 0305220F RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... ........................... 208,053 208,053 
214 0305221F NETWORK-CENTRIC COLLABORATIVE TARGETING .............................................................. 21,587 21,587  
215 0305236F COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (CDL EA) .............................................................. 43,986 43,9 86 
216 0305238F NATO AGS .......................................................................................................... ......................... 197,486 138,400 
Transfer from procurement for NATO AWACS ......................................................................... [ ¥59,086] 
217 0305240F SUPPORT TO DCGS ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ .... 28,434 28,434 
218 0305265F GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ............................................................................................. ............. 180,902 180,902 
220 0305614F JSPOC MISSION SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ............ 81,911 81,911 
221 0305881F RAPID CYBER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................... .......... 3,149 3,149 
222 0305913F NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... . 14,447 14,447 
223 0305940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS ...................................................................... 20,077 2 0,077 
225 0308699F SHARED EARLY WARNING (SEW) ........................................................................................ .... 853 853 
226 0401115F C–130 AIRLIFT SQUADRON ............................................................................................ ............. 33,962 33,962 
227 0401119F C–5 AIRLIFT SQUADRONS (IF) ........................................................................................ .......... 42,864 42,864 
228 0401130F C–17 AIRCRAFT (IF) ................................................................................................ .................... 54,807 54,807 
229 0401132F C–130J PROGRAM .................................................................................................... .................... 31,010 31,010 
230 0401134F LARGE AIRCRAFT IR COUNTERMEASURES (LAIRCM) .......................................................... 6,802 6,802 231 0401219F KC–10S ............................................................................................................ ............................. 1,799 1,799 
232 0401314F OPERATIONAL SUPPORT AIRLIFT ....................................................................................... ... 48,453 48,453 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3586 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
233 0401318F CV–22 ............................................................................................................. ............................... 36,576 36,576 
235 0408011F SPECIAL TACTIAG / COMBAT CONTROL .................................................................................. 7,963 7,963 
236 0702207F DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ...... 1,525 1,525 
237 0708610F LOGISTIAG INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (LOGIT) ................................................................ 112,676 81 ,676 
Program growth ................................................................................................................. ....... [–31,000] 
238 0708611F SUPPORT SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... 12,657 12,657 
239 0804743F OTHER FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................. ........... 1,836 1,836 
240 0808716F OTHER PERSONNEL ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ ..... 121 121 
241 0901202F JOINT PERSONNEL RECOVERY AGENCY ................................................................................ 5,9 11 5,911 
242 0901218F CIVILIAN COMPENSATION PROGRAM ..................................................................................... 3,604 3,604 
243 0901220F PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION .......................................................................................... ..... 4,598 4,598 
244 0901226F AIR FORCE STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AGENCY ...................................................................... 1,103 1 ,103 
246 0901538F FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................... 101,840 101,840 
246A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ............... 12,780,142 12,945,142 
Three program increases ........................................................................................................ ... [165,000] 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 17,010,339 17,068,849 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ............................................................ 26,473,669 25,940,179 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW 
BASIC RESEARCH 
1 0601000BR DTRA BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVE ..................................................................................... . 38,436 38,436 
2 0601101E DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ... 333,119 333,119 
3 0601110D8Z BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVES ........................................................................................ ....... 42,022 42,022 
4 0601117E BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE .......................................................... 56,544 56,544 5 0601120D8Z NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM ......................................................................... 49,453 49,453 
6 0601228D8Z HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES/MINORITY INSTITUTIONS .......... 25,834 25,834 
7 0601384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ............................................................... 46,261 46,261  
SUBTOTAL, BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................... 591,669 591,669 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
8 0602000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ .... 19,352 19,352 
9 0602115E BIOMEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... ....... 114,262 114,262 
10 0602234D8Z LINCOLN LABORATORY RESEARCH PROGRAM ..................................................................... 51,026 51 ,026 
11 0602251D8Z APPLIED RESEARCH FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF S&T PRIORITIES ................................. 48,226 33,226 
General program decrease ....................................................................................................... .. [–15,000] 
12 0602303E INFORMATION & COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY .............................................................. 356,358 356,35 8 
14 0602383E BIOLOGICAL WARFARE DEFENSE ......................................................................................... .. 29,265 29,265 
15 0602384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ............................................................... 208,111 208, 111 
16 0602668D8Z CYBER SECURITY RESEARCH .......................................................................................... ........ 13,727 13,727 
18 0602702E TACTICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ .......... 314,582 309,582 
Multi-azimuth defense fast intercept round engagement system ............................................. [–5,000] 
19 0602715E MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................ 220,115 210,115 
Decrease in program growth ..................................................................................................... [–10,000] 
20 0602716E ELECTRONIAG TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ...... 174,798 174,798 
21 0602718BR WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT TECHNOLOGIES ............................................. 155,415 155,415 22 0602751D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE (SEI) APPLIED RESEARCH ..................................... 8,824 8,824 23 1160401BB SOF TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ . 37,517 37,517 
SUBTOTAL, APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................................................. 1,751,578 1,721,578 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
24 0603000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................ 25,915  25,915 
26 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ............................................................... 71,171 71,17 1 
27 0603133D8Z FOREIGN COMPARATIVE TESTING ...................................................................................... ... 21,782 21,782 
28 0603160BR COUNTERPROLIFERATION INITIATIVES—PROLIFERATION PREVENTION AND DEFEAT 290,654 290,654 30 0603176C ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT ................................................. 12,139 12,139 31 0603177C DISCRIMINATION SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... 28,2 00 28,200 
32 0603178C WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. .......... 45,389 75,389 
Fiber laser prototype development ........................................................................................... [20 ,000] 
Divert attitude control tech to support MOKV ........................................................................ [10,000] 
33 0603179C ADVANCED C4ISR ..................................................................................................... .................. 9,876 9,876 
34 0603180C ADVANCED RESEARCH .................................................................................................. ........... 17,364 17,364 
35 0603225D8Z JOINT DOD-DOE MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................ 18,802 18,802 
36 0603264S AGILE TRANSPORTATION FOR THE 21ST CENTURY (AT21)—THEATER CAPABILITY ........ 2,679 2,679 
37 0603274C SPECIAL PROGRAM—MDA TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... 64,708  64,708 
38 0603286E ADVANCED AEROSPACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................... 185,043 185,043 
39 0603287E SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... 126 ,692 126,692 
40 0603288D8Z ANALYTIC ASSESSMENTS ............................................................................................. ........... 14,645 9,645 
General program decrease ....................................................................................................... .. [–5,000] 
41 0603289D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS ........................................................... 59,830 59,830  
42 0603294C COMMON KILL VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. 46, 753 66,753 
Increase for Multiple Object Kill Vehicle ................................................................................. [20,0 00] 
43 0603384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ............ 140,094 140,094 44 0603527D8Z RETRACT LARCH .................................................................................................... ................... 118,666 118,666 
45 0603618D8Z JOINT ELECTRONIC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................... 43,966 4 3,966 
46 0603648D8Z JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ......................................................... 141,540 131,54 0 
General program decrease ....................................................................................................... .. [–10,000] 
47 0603662D8Z NETWORKED COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITIES ................................................................... 6,980 6,9 80 
50 0603680D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ..................... 157,056 157,056 51 0603699D8Z EMERGING CAPABILITIES TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................... 33,515 33,515 52 0603712S GENERIC LOGISTIAG R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ............................................. 16,543 16,543 53 0603713S DEPLOYMENT AND DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE TECHNOLOGY ........................................ 29,888 29,888 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3587 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
54 0603716D8Z STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM .......................................................... 65,836 65,836 
55 0603720S MICROELECTRONIAG TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT ................................. 79,037 79,037 
56 0603727D8Z JOINT WARFIGHTING PROGRAM ........................................................................................ ..... 9,626 9,626 
57 0603739E ADVANCED ELECTRONIAG TECHNOLOGIES ........................................................................... 79,021 79,021 
58 0603760E COMMAND, CONTROL AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ..................................................... 201,335 201,335 59 0603766E NETWORK-CENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................... 452,861 43 2,861 
Decrease to reduce inefficiency ................................................................................................ [–20,000] 
60 0603767E SENSOR TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................................. ............ 257,127 257,127 
61 0603769SE DISTRIBUTED LEARNING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................ 10,771 10,771 62 0603781D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE ................................................................................... 15,202 15,202 
63 0603826D8Z QUICK REACTION SPECIAL PROJECTS .................................................................................. . 90,500 70,500 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–20,000] 
66 0603833D8Z ENGINEERING SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ 1 8,377 18,377 
67 0603941D8Z TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ................................................................... 82,589 8 2,589 
68 0604055D8Z OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT ......................................................... 37,420 37,420 69 0303310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................... ................... 42,488 42,488 
70 1160402BB SOF ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................... 57,741 57, 741 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 3,229,821 3,224,821 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 
71 0603161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E ADC&P ......... 31,710 31,710 73 0603600D8Z WALKOFF .......................................................................................................... ......................... 90,567 90,567 
74 0603714D8Z ADVANCED SENSORS APPLICATION PROGRAM .................................................................... 15,900 19 ,900 
Increase to match previous year funding level ......................................................................... [4,000] 
75 0603851D8Z ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION PROGRAM .............................. 52,758 52,758 
76 0603881C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT ......................................... 228,021 228,021 
77 0603882C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT ....................................... 1,284,891 1,284,891 78 0603884BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—DEM/VAL ............................................ 172,754 172,754 79 0603884C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS ............................................................................... 233 ,588 233,588 
80 0603890C BMD ENABLING PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ....... 409,088 409,088 
81 0603891C SPECIAL PROGRAMS—MDA ............................................................................................... ....... 400,387 400,387 
82 0603892C AEGIS BMD .......................................................................................................... ....................... 843,355 843,355 
83 0603893C SPACE TRACKING & SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ...................................................................... 31,632 31 ,632 
84 0603895C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE PROGRAMS ............................................... 23,289 23,289 85 0603896C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MANAGEMENT AND 
COMMUNICATI .................................................................................................................... ..... 450,085 450,085 
86 0603898C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE JOINT WARFIGHTER SUPPORT ........................................... 49,570 49,570 
87 0603904C MISSILE DEFENSE INTEGRATION & OPERATIONS CENTER (MDIOC) .................................. 49,211 49,211 88 0603906C REGARDING TRENCH ................................................................................................... ............. 9,583 9,583 
89 0603907C SEA BASED X-BAND RADAR (SBX) ....................................................................................... ... 72,866 72,866 
90 0603913C ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS ....................................................................................... 102,795 268,795 
Increase for Arrow/David’s Sling .............................................................................................. [ 166,000] 
91 0603914C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST ..................................................................................... . 274,323 274,323 
92 0603915C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TARGETS ............................................................................... 513 ,256 513,256 
93 0603920D8Z HUMANITARIAN DEMINING ............................................................................................ .......... 10,129 10,129 
94 0603923D8Z COALITION WARFARE ................................................................................................ ............... 10,350 10,350 
95 0604016D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM ............................................................. 1,518 11,518 
Program Increase ............................................................................................................... ....... [10,000] 
96 0604115C TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ............................................................................. 96,30 0 96,300 
97 0604250D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES .............................................................................. 469 ,798 469,798 
98 0604400D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (UAS) COMMON DE-
VELOPMENT ...................................................................................................................... ...... 3,129 3,129 
103 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY AS-
SESSMENTS ...................................................................................................................... ....... 25,200 25,200 
105 0604873C LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR (LRDR) .................................................................... 137,564 137,564 
106 0604874C IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS ............................................................... 278,944 298,9 44 
Redesigned kill vehicle development ........................................................................................ [20, 000] 
107 0604876C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT TEST ............................... 26,225 26,225 108 0604878C AEGIS BMD TEST .................................................................................................... ................... 55,148 55,148 
109 0604879C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR TEST ....................................................................... 86,764  86,764 
110 0604880C LAND-BASED SM–3 (LBSM3) ........................................................................................... ........... 34,970 34,970 
111 0604881C AEGIS SM–3 BLOCK IIA CO-DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................ 172 ,645 172,645 
112 0604887C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE SEGMENT TEST .............................................. 64,618 64,618 114 0303191D8Z JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC TECHNOLOGY (JET) PROGRAM ................................................ 2,660 2,660 115 0305103C CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... ........ 963 963 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................ 6,816,554 7,016,554 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 
116 0604161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E SDD ............. 8,800 8,800 
117 0604165D8Z PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT ...................................................... 78,817 88,817 
CPGS development and flight test ............................................................................................ [10 ,000] 
118 0604384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—EMD .................................................... 303,647 303,647 119 0604764K ADVANCED IT SERVICES JOINT PROGRAM OFFICE (AITS-JPO) .......................................... 23,424 23,424 120 0604771D8Z JOINT TACTICAL INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (JTIDS) ..................................... 14,285 14,285 121 0605000BR WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT CAPABILITIES ............................................... 7,156 7,156 122 0605013BL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... 12,542 1 2,542 
123 0605021SE HOMELAND PERSONNEL SECURITY INITIATIVE ................................................................... 191 191 124 0605022D8Z DEFENSE EXPORTABILITY PROGRAM ................................................................................... 3,273 3,273 
125 0605027D8Z OUSD(C) IT DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES .............................................................................. . 5,962 5,962 
126 0605070S DOD ENTERPRISE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ................................ 13,412 13,412 
127 0605075D8Z DCMO POLICY AND INTEGRATION ..................................................................................... ...... 2,223 2,223 
128 0605080S DEFENSE AGENCY INTIATIVES (DAI)—FINANCIAL SYSTEM ............................................... 31,660 31,660 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3588 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
129 0605090S DEFENSE RETIRED AND ANNUITANT PAY SYSTEM (DRAS) ................................................ 13,085 13,085 
130 0605210D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITIES ............................................ 7,209 7,209 131 0303141K GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... 15,158 5,158 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. .......... [–10,000] 
132 0305304D8Z DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM) ..................................... 4,414 4,414 
SUBTOTAL, SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ..................................................... 545,258 545,258 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
133 0604774D8Z DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) ............................................................ 5,581 5,581  
134 0604875D8Z JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................ 3,081 3,08 1 
135 0604940D8Z CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT (CTEIP) ....................... 229,125 229,125 
136 0604942D8Z ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS ..................................................................................... ... 28,674 28,674 
138 0605100D8Z JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) ............................................... 45,235 45,235 139 0605104D8Z TECHNICAL STUDIES, SUPPORT AND ANALYSIS .................................................................. 24,936 24,936 
141 0605126J JOINT INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION (JIAMDO) .................... 35,471 35,471 144 0605142D8Z SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ............................................................................................. ............. 37,655 32,655 
Reducing reporting and inefficiencies ...................................................................................... [–5, 000] 
145 0605151D8Z STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—OSD .............................................................................. 3, 015 3,015 
146 0605161D8Z NUCLEAR MATTERS-PHYSICAL SECURITY ............................................................................ 5,2 87 5,287 
147 0605170D8Z SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION .............................................. 5,289 5,289 148 0605200D8Z GENERAL SUPPORT TO USD (INTELLIGENCE) ....................................................................... 2,12 0 2,120 
149 0605384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ............................................................... 102,264 102 ,264 
158 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY 
TRANSFER ....................................................................................................................... ........ 2,169 2,169 
159 0605798D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS ..................................................................................... ... 13,960 13,960 
160 0605801KA DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) .......................................................... 51,775 51,77 5 
161 0605803SE R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING AND EVALUATION .............................. 9,533 9,533 162 0605804D8Z DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION ............................................................................... 17 ,371 17,371 
163 0605898E MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. .......... 71,571 71,571 
164 0606100D8Z BUDGET AND PROGRAM ASSESSMENTS ................................................................................ 4, 123 4,123 
165 0203345D8Z DEFENSE OPERATIONS SECURITY INITIATIVE (DOSI) ......................................................... 1,946 1,94 6 
166 0204571J JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT .................................................................................... 7,673 7,673 
169 0303166J SUPPORT TO INFORMATION OPERATIONS (IO) CAPABILITIES ............................................ 10,413 10,413 
170 0303260D8Z DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION PROGRAM OFFICE (DMDPO) ........................................... 971 971 171 0305193D8Z CYBER INTELLIGENCE .............................................................................................. ................ 6,579 6,579 
173 0804767D8Z COCOM EXERCISE ENGAGEMENT AND TRAINING TRANSFORMATION (CE2T2)—MHA ...... 43,811 43,811 174 0901598C MANAGEMENT HQ—MDA ................................................................................................. ......... 35,871 35,871 
176 0903230D8W WHS—MISSION OPERATIONS SUPPORT - IT ........................................................................... 1, 072 1,072 
176A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ............... 49,500 49,500 
SUBTOTAL, MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ....................................................................................... 856,071 851,071 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 
178 0604130V ENTERPRISE SECURITY SYSTEM (ESS) ................................................................................. 7 ,929 7,929 
179 0605127T REGIONAL INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH (RIO) AND PARTNERSHIP FOR PEACE INFOR-
MATION MANA .................................................................................................................... .... 1,750 1,750 
180 0605147T OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE SHARED INFORMATION SYSTEM (OHASIS) .... 294 294 
181 0607210D8Z INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT ............................................ 22,576 22,576 182 0607310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................... 1,901 1,901 183 0607327T GLOBAL THEATER SECURITY COOPERATION MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS 
(G-TSCMIS) ..................................................................................................................... ......... 8,474 8,474 
184 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) ....... 33,561 33,561 
186 0208043J PLANNING AND DECISION AID SYSTEM (PDAS) .................................................................... 3,061 3 ,061 
187 0208045K C4I INTEROPERABILITY .............................................................................................. .............. 64,921 64,921 
189 0301144K JOINT/ALLIED COALITION INFORMATION SHARING ............................................................. 3,645 3,645  
193 0302016K NATIONAL MILITARY COMMAND SYSTEM-WIDE SUPPORT ................................................. 963 963 194 0302019K DEFENSE INFO INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING AND INTEGRATION ............................. 10,186 10,186 195 0303126K LONG-HAUL COMMUNICATIONS—DAG .................................................................................... 36 ,883 36,883 
196 0303131K MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) .................... 13,735 13,735 
197 0303135G PUBLIC KEY INFRASTRUCTURE (PKI) ................................................................................... . 6,101 6,101 
198 0303136G KEY MANAGEMENT INFRASTRUCTURE (KMI) ....................................................................... 43,867 4 3,867 
199 0303140D8Z INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .................................................................... 8,957 8, 957 
200 0303140G INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .................................................................... 146,890 14 6,890 
201 0303150K GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM .......................................................................... 21,503 21,503 
202 0303153K DEFENSE SPECTRUM ORGANIZATION .................................................................................... 2 0,342 20,342 
203 0303170K NET-CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ...................................................................... 444 44 4 
205 0303610K TELEPORT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ............. 1,736 1,736 
206 0304210BB SPECIAL APPLICATIONS FOR CONTINGENCIES .................................................................... 65,060 65,060 
210 0305103K CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... ........ 2,976 2,976 
215 0305186D8Z POLICY R&D PROGRAMS .............................................................................................
............. 4,182 4,182 
216 0305199D8Z NET CENTRICITY .................................................................................................. ..................... 18,130 18,130 
218 0305208BB DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................... 5,302 5,302 221 0305208K DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................... 3,239 3,239 225 0305327V INSIDER THREAT .................................................................................................... ................... 11,733 11,733 
226 0305387D8Z HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM ............................................... 2,119 2,119 
234 0708011S INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ........................................................................................... ...... 24,605 24,605 
235 0708012S LOGISTIAG SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................... .... 1,770 1,770 
236 0902298J MANAGEMENT HQ—OJAG ................................................................................................ ......... 2,978 2,978 
237 1105219BB MQ–9 UAV ......................................................................................................... ........................... 18,151 23,151 
MQ–9 capability enhancements ................................................................................................. [5 ,000] 
238 1105232BB RQ–11 UAV ........................................................................................................ ........................... 758 758 
240 1160403BB AVIATION SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ................. 173,934 191,141 
ISR payload technology improvements .................................................................................... [2,000] 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3589 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
C–130 TF/TA Program Adjustment ............................................................................................ [15,2 07] 
241 1160405BB INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................. 6,86 6 6,866 
242 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................................................................................... .... 63,008 63,008 
243 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ................ 25,342 25,342 
244 1160432BB SPECIAL PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ................ 3,401 3,401 
245 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................ ............ 3,212 3,212 
246 1160483BB MARITIME SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ................ 63,597 63,597 
247 1160489BB GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................ 3,933  3,933 
248 1160490BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE .................................................................. 10,623 10, 623 
248A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ............... 3,564,272 3,564,272 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 4,538,910 4,561,117 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xx xxxxx DEFENSE WIDE CYBER VULNERABILITY ASSESSMENT ...................................................... 0 200,000 
Assess all major weapon systems for cyber vulnerability ........................................................ [200,000] 
xxx xxxxxx UCAS-D DEVELOPMENT AND FOLLOW ON PROTOTYPING ................................................... 0 725,000 
Supports continued efforts on UCAS-D and follow on prototyping .......................................... [725,000] 
x xxxxx TECHNOLOGY OFFSET INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... 0 400,000 
Supports innovative technology development .......................................................................... [400,000] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED .................................................................................................... 0 1,325,000 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ........................................................... 18,329,861 19,837,068 
OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
1 0605118OTE OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................ 76, 838 76,838 
2 0605131OTE LIVE FIRE TEST AND EVALUATION ..................................................................................... ... 46,882 46,882 
3 0605814OTE OPERATIONAL TEST ACTIVITIES AND ANALYSES ............................................................... 46,838 46,8 38 
SUBTOTAL, MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ....................................................................................... 170,558 170,558 
TOTAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE ....................................................................... 170,558 170,558 
TOTAL RDT&E ............................................................................................................................. 69,784,963 70,891,640 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND 
EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CON-TINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
60 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY ............................................................................. 1,500  1,500 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ............................... 1,500 1,500 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ..................................................... 1,500 1,500 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
231A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ............. 35,747 35,747 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 35,747 35,747 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ...................................................... 35,747 35,747 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
133 0205671F JOINT COUNTER RCIED ELECTRONIC WARFARE ................................................................. 300 300 
246A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ............. 16,800 16,800 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 17,100 17,100 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF .......................................................... 17,100 17,100 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 
248A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ............. 137,087 137,087 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 137,087 137,087 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ......................................................... 137,087 137,087 
TOTAL RDT&E ........................................................................................................................... 191,434 191,434 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3590 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ............................. 1,094,429 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [–1,094,429 ] 
020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ................ 68,873 68,873 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .................... 508,008 508,008 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 763,300 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [–763,300 ] 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ........... 1,054,322 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [–1,054,322 ] 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ .............................. 1,546,129 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [–1,546,129 ] 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ...... 3,158,606 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [–3,158,606 ] 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ............ 438,909 438,909 
090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ........... 1,214,116 1,291,316 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [77,200 ] 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................... 7,616,008 7,626,508 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [10,500 ] 
110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................. 2,617,169 2 ,651,169 
Kwajalein facilities restoration ............................................................................................... ...................... [34,000 ] 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ............................................................................... 421,2 69 421,269 
130 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ....................................................................................... 164,743 164,743 
170 COMBATANT COMMANDS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ............................................................................... 448 ,633 436,276 
Streamlining of Army Combatant Commands Direct Mission Support ......................................................... [–12,357  ] 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 21,114,514 13,607,071 
MOBILIZATION 
180 STRATEGIC MOBILITY ......................................................................................................... .......................... 401,638 401,638 
190 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. ................. 261,683 261,683 
200 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................... .................. 6,532 6,532 
SUBTOTAL, MOBILIZATION ............................................................................................................................. 669,853 669,853 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
210 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ........................... 131,536 131,536 
220 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ............................. 47,843 47,843 
230 ONE STATION UNIT TRAINING .................................................................................................. .................... 42,565 42,565 
240 SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ..................................................................................... .... 490,378 490,378 
250 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................... 981,000 1,014,200 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [33,200 ] 
260 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ .............................. 940,872 940,872 
270 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... .... 230,324 230,324 
280 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ............................ 603,519 603,519 
290 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................. 491,922 491,922 
300 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. ................................... 194,079 194,079 
310 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ........ 227,951 227,951 
320 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............. 161,048 161,048 
330 JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS ...................................................................................... ..... 170,118 170,118 
SUBTOTAL, TRAINING AND RECRUITING ...................................................................................................... 4,713,155 4,746,355 
ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 
350 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............... 485,778 485,778 
360 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. .................. 813,881 813,881 
370 LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................ .................. 714,781 714,781 
380 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... .................. 322,127 322,127 
390 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .............................. 384,813 384,813 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............... 1,781,350 1,781,350 
410 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ................... 292,532 292,532 
420 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .................. 375,122 375,122 
430 OTHER SERVICE SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ...................... 1,119,848 1,115,348 
Army outreach reduction ........................................................................................................ ...................... [–4,500 ] 
440 ARMY CLAIMS ACTIVITIES ..................................................................................................... ...................... 225,358 225,358 
450 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... .................. 239,755 239,755 
460 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND AUDIT READINESS .................................................................................. 2 23,319 223,319 
470 INTERNATIONAL MILITARY HEADQUARTERS ........................................................................................ ... 469,865 469,865 
480 MISC. SUPPORT OF OTHER NATIONS ............................................................................................. .............. 40,521 40,521 
480A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ......................... 1,120,974 1,146,474 
Additional SOUTHCOM ISR and intel support ...................................................................................... ........ [20,000 ] 
Readiness increase ............................................................................................................. ............................ [5,500 ] 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... .............................. 0 –238,451 
Streamlining of Army Management Headquarters ................................................................................... ..... [–238,451 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 8,610,024 8,392,573 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED FOREIGN CURRENCY ADJUSTMENT .............................................................................. 0 –28 1,500 
Foreign currency adjustment .................................................................................................... .................... [–281,500 ] 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –260,100 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................. [–260,100 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ......................................................................................................................... 0 –541,600 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ................................................................................................ 35,107,546 26,874,252 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3591 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ................ 16,612 16,612 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .................... 486,531 486,531 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 105,446 105,446 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ........... 516,791 516,791 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ .............................. 87,587 87,587 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ...... 348,601 348,601 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ............ 81,350 81,350 
090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ........... 59,574 91,974 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [32,400 ] 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................... 570,852 570,852 
110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................. 245,686 245 ,686 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ............................................................................... 40,96 2 40,962 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 2,559,992 2,592,392 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............... 10,665 10,665 
140 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .............................. 18,390 18,390 
150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............... 14,976 14,976 
160 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ................... 8,841 8,841 
170 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................. 52,928 52,928 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... .............................. 0 –6,011 
Streamlining of Army Reserve Management Headquarters .......................................................................... [ –6,011 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 105,800 99,790 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –7,600 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................. [–7,600 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ......................................................................................................................... 0 –7,600 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ........................................................................................ 2,665,792 2,684,581 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ............................. 709,433 709,433 
020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ................ 167,324 167,324 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .................... 741,327 741,327 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 88,775 96,475 
ARNG border security enhancement ............................................................................................... .............. [7,700 ] 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ........... 32,130 32,130 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ .............................. 943,609 996,209 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [39,600 ] 
ARNG border security enhancement ............................................................................................... .............. [13,000 ] 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ...... 703,137 703,137 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ............ 84,066 84,066 
090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ........... 166,848 189,348 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [22,500 ] 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................... 1,022,970 1,022,970 
110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................. 673,680 673 ,680 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ............................................................................... 954,5 74 954,574 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 6,287,873 6,370,673 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............... 6,570 6,570 
140 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .............................. 59,629 59,379 
Reduction to National Guard Heritage Paintings ................................................................................. ........ [–250 ] 
150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............... 68,452 68,452 
160 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ................... 8,841 8,841 
170 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .................. 283,670 272,170 
Reduction to Army Marketing Program ............................................................................................ ........... [–11,500 ] 
180 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... .................. 2,942 2,942 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... .............................. 0 –26,631 
Streamlining of Army National Guard Management Headquarters .............................................................. [–26,6 31 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 430,104 391,723 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –25,300 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................. [–25,300 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ......................................................................................................................... 0 –25,300 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ................................................................................................ 6,717,977 6,737,096 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ....... 4,940,365 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ....... [–4,940,365 ] 
020 FLEET AIR TRAINING ......................................................................................................... ........................... 1,830,611 1,830,611 
030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ......................................................................... 37,2 25 37,225 
040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ........ 103,456 103,456 
050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ........................ 376,844 390,744 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [13,900 ] 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3592 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............... 897,536 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [–897,536 ] 
070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ....... 33,201 33,201 
080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ............................ 544,056 549,356 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [5,300 ] 
090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... .......... 4,287,658 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [–4,287,658 ] 
100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ......... 787,446 787,446 
110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ..................... 5,960,951 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [–5,960,951 ] 
120 SHIP DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .............................................................................................. ............. 1,554,863 1,554,863 
130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... .................... 704,415 704,415 
140 ELECTRONIC WARFARE ......................................................................................................... ........................ 96,916 96,916 
150 SPACE SYSTEMS AND SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................. .......... 192,198 192,198 
160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ ............................ 453,942 453,942 
170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY .............................................................................. 351,8 71 351,871 
180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ..................... 1,186,847 1,186,847 
190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... .................... 123,948 123,948 
200 DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ................................................................................................... .................. 2,443 2,443 
210 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ....................................................................................... 98,914 98,914 
220 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT .......................................................................... 73,110  67,628 
Streamlining of Navy Combatant Commanders Direct Mission Support ...................................................... [–5,483 ] 
230 CRUISE MISSILE ............................................................................................................. ................................ 110,734 110,734 
240 FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE .................................................................................................... ...................... 1,206,736 1,206,736 
250 IN-SERVICE WEAPONS SYSTEMS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ....... 141,664 141,664 
260 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ...................... 523,122 523,122 
270 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ........... 371,872 371,872 
280 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... .................... 896,061 896,061 
290 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION .............................................................................. 2,2 20,423 2,220,423 
300 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... .................... 4,472,468 4,486,468 
Funding increase for Behavioral Counseling ..................................................................................... ............ [14,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 34,581,896 18,523,103 
MOBILIZATION 
310 SHIP PREPOSITIONING AND SURGE .............................................................................................. ............... 422,846 422,846 
320 AIRCRAFT ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ......................................................................................... ......... 6,464 6,964 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [500 ] 
330 SHIP ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ............................................................................................. ............... 361,764 361,764 
340 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ... 69,530 69,530 
350 INDUSTRIAL READINESS ....................................................................................................... ....................... 2,237 2,237 
360 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ....................... 21,823 21,823 
SUBTOTAL, MOBILIZATION ............................................................................................................................. 884,664 885,164 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
370 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ........................... 149,375 149,375 
380 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ............................. 9,035 9,035 
390 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ............................................................................................ ........... 156,290 156,290 
400 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................... 653,728 653,728 
410 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ .............................. 8,171 8,171 
420 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... .... 168,471 168,471 
430 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ............................ 196,048 196,048 
440 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................. 234,233 234,233 
450 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ........ 137,855 137,855 
460 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............. 77,257 77,257 
470 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ .................................. 47,653 47,653 
SUBTOTAL, TRAINING AND RECRUITING ...................................................................................................... 1,838,116 1,838,116 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
480 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .............................. 923,771 923,771 
490 EXTERNAL RELATIONS ......................................................................................................... ........................ 13,967 13,967 
500 CIVILIAN MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ........................................................................... 120,81 2 120,812 
510 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ......................................................................... 350,983 350,983 
520 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .................. 265,948 265,948 
530 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............... 335,482 335,482 
550 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............... 197,724 197,724 
570 PLANNING, ENGINEERING AND DESIGN ........................................................................................... ........... 274,936 274,936 
580 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... .... 1,122,178 1,122,178 
590 HULL, MECHANICAL AND ELECTRICAL SUPPORT .................................................................................... . 48,587 48,587 
600 COMBAT/WEAPONS SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................... .................. 25,599 25,599 
610 SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... ... 72,768 72,768 
620 NAVAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE ................................................................................................ ................ 577,803 577,803 
680 INTERNATIONAL HEADQUARTERS AND AGENCIES ................................................................................... 4 ,768 4,768 
680A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ......................... 560,754 560,754 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... .............................. 0 –209,823 
Streamlining of Navy Management Headquarters ................................................................................... ...... [–209,823 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 4,896,080 4,686,257 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED FOREIGN CURRENCY ADJUSTMENT .............................................................................. 0 –59 ,900 
Foreign currency adjustment .................................................................................................... .................... [–59,900 ] 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –482,300 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................. [–482,300 ] 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3593 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ......................................................................................................................... 0 –542,200 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ................................................................................................ 42,200,756 25,390,440 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... ......................... 931,079 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [–931,079 ] 
020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ ............................... 931,757 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [–931,757 ] 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ......................... 227,583 227,583 
040 MARITIME PREPOSITIONING .................................................................................................... .................... 86,259 86,259 
050 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ................................................................................... 746,237 746,237 
060 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... .................... 2,057,362 2,058,562 
Readiness funding increase for Criminal Investigative Equipment ............................................................... [ 1,200 ] 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 4,980,277 3,118,641 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
070 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ............................. 16,460 16,460 
080 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ........................... 977 977 
090 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................... 97,325 97,325 
100 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... .... 40,786 40,786 
110 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ............................ 347,476 347,476 
120 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................. 164,806 164,806 
130 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ........ 39,963 39,963 
140 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ .................................. 23,397 23,397 
SUBTOTAL, TRAINING AND RECRUITING ...................................................................................................... 731,190 731,190 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............... 37,386 37,386 
160 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .............................. 358,395 358,395 
180 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... .... 76,105 76,105 
180A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ......................... 45,429 45,429 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... .............................. 0 –32,588 
Streamlining of Marine Corps Management Headquarters ........................................................................... . [–32,588 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 517,315 484,727 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED FOREIGN CURRENCY ADJUSTMENT .............................................................................. 0 –19 ,800 
Foreign currency adjustment .................................................................................................... .................... [–19,800 ] 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –17,000 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................. [–17,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ......................................................................................................................... 0 –36,800 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ............................................................................... 6,228,782 4,297,758 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ....... 563,722 563,722 
020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ................ 6,218 6,218 
030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............... 82,712 82,712 
040 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ....... 326 326 
050 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ............................ 13,436 13,436 
070 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ......... 557 557 
090 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... .................... 14,499 14,499 
100 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ..................... 117,601 117,601 
120 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... .................... 29,382 29,382 
130 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION .............................................................................. 48, 513 48,513 
140 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... .................... 102,858 102,858 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 979,824 979,824 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .............................. 1,505 1,505 
160 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ......................................................................... 13,782 1 3,782 
170 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............... 3,437 3,437 
180 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... .... 3,210 3,210 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... .............................. 0 –1,386 
Streamlining of Navy Reserve Management Headquarters ........................................................................... [–1,386 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 21,934 20,548 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –39,700 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................. [–39,700 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ......................................................................................................................... 0 –39,700 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ......................................................................................... 1,001,758 960,672 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... ........................... 97,631 97,631 
020 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ......................... 18,254 18,254 
030 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION .............................................................................. 28, 653 28,653 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3594 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... .................... 111,923 111,923 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 256,461 256,461 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
050 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............... 924 924 
060 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .............................. 10,866 10,866 
070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................. 8,785 8,785 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... .............................. 0 –1,473 
Streamlining of Marine Corps Reserve Management Headquarters .............................................................. [–1,4 73 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 20,575 19,102 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –1,000 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................. [–1,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ......................................................................................................................... 0 –1,000 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ................................................................................... 277,036 274,563 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .................... 3,336,868 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [–3,336,868 ] 
020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. .............. 1,897,315 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [–1,897,315 ] 
030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ............................................................................. 1,797,549 1,757,249 
Cancel transition of A–10 to F–15E training .................................................................................... ............... [–78,000 ] 
Readiness increase ............................................................................................................. ............................ [37,700 ] 
040 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ......................... 6,537,127 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [–6,537,127 ] 
050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................. 1,997,712 1 ,997,712 
060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................ 2,841,948 2,841,948 
070 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... ............... 930,341 930,341 
080 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ........... 924,845 924,845 
100 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... ............................ 271,177 271,177 
110 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... ..................... 382,824 382,824 
120 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT .......................................................................... 900,96 5 885,586 
Streamlining of Air Force Combatant Commanders Direct Mission Support ............................................... [–15,380 ] 
130 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ....................................................................................... 205,078 164,078 
Cutting Joint Enabling Capabilities Command .................................................................................... ......... [–41,000 ] 
xxx CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ........................ 907,496 924,296 
Increase One Program ........................................................................................................... ......................... [20,000 ] 
Unjustified increase ........................................................................................................... ............................ [–3,200 ] 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 22,931,245 11,080,055 
MOBILIZATION 
140 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... .......................... 2,229,196 2,229,196 
150 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. ................ 148,318 148,318 
160 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ......................... 1,617,571 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [–1,617,571 ] 
170 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................. 259,956 259 ,956 
180 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................ 708,799 708,799 
SUBTOTAL, MOBILIZATION ............................................................................................................................. 4,963,840 3,346,269 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
190 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ........................... 92,191 92,191 
200 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ............................. 21,871 21,871 
210 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) ..................................................................................... ...... 77,527 77,527 
220 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................. 228,500 228 ,500 
230 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................ 772,870 772,870 
240 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................... 359,304 402,404 
Readiness increase for RPA training ............................................................................................ ................. [43,100 ] 
250 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ .............................. 710,553 710,553 
260 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... .... 228,252 228,252 
270 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ............................ 76,464 76,464 
280 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ......................... 375,513 375,513 
290 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................. 79,690 79,690 
300 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. ................................... 3,803 3,803 
310 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ........ 180,807 180,807 
320 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............. 167,478 167,478 
330 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ .................................. 59,263 59,263 
SUBTOTAL, TRAINING AND RECRUITING ...................................................................................................... 3,434,086 3,477,186 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
340 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... ........................ 1,141,491 1,141,491 
350 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ................ 862,022 852,022 
Acquisition Management Adjustment .............................................................................................. ............. [–10,000 ] 
360 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ......................... 61,745 61,745 
370 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................. 298,759 298 ,759 
380 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................ 1,108,220 1,096,220 
Reduce IT procurement .......................................................................................................... ....................... [–12,000 ] 
390 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .............................. 689,797 669,097 
DEAMS reduction-Funding ahead of need .......................................................................................... ........... [–20,700 ] 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3595 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............... 498,053 498,053 
410 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ................ 900,253 900,253 
420 CIVIL AIR PATROL ........................................................................................................... .............................. 25,411 25,411 
450 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ..................... 89,148 89,148 
450A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ......................... 1,187,859 1,182,959 
Unjustified increase ........................................................................................................... ............................ [–4,900 ] 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... .............................. 0 –276,203 
Streamlining of Air Force Management Headquarters .............................................................................. .... [–276,203 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 6,862,758 6,538,955 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xx Restore EC–130 Compass Call ................................................................................................. ........................... 0 27,300 
Costs associated with preventing divestiture of EC–130 ......................................................................... ........ [27,300 ] 
x Restore A–10 ................................................................................................................. ..................................... 0 235,300 
Costs associated with preventing divestiture of A–10 fleet ..................................................................... ....... [235,300 ] 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –618,300 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................. [–618,300 ] 
UNDISTRIBUTED FOREIGN CURRENCY ADJUSTMENT .............................................................................. 0 –137,8 00 
Foreign currency adjustment .................................................................................................... .................... [–137,800 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ......................................................................................................................... 0 –493,500 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ....................................................................................... 38,191,929 23,948,965 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .................... 1,779,378 1,779,378 
020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 226,243 226,243 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ......................... 487,036 487,036 
040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................. 109,342 109 ,342 
050 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................ 373,707 373,707 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 2,975,706 2,975,706 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
060 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .............................. 53,921 53,921 
070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................. 14,359 14,359 
080 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERS MGMT (ARPC) ..................................................................................... .. 13,665 13,665 
090 OTHER PERS SUPPORT (DISABILITY COMP) ....................................................................................... ........ 6,606 6,606 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... .............................. 0 –2,116 
Costs associated with preventing divestiture of A–10 fleet ..................................................................... ....... [2,500 ] 
Streamlining of Air Force Reserve Management Headquarters .................................................................... [– 4,616 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................. 88,551 86,435 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xxxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ........................................................................................... ............ 0 –101,100 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................. [–101,100 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ......................................................................................................................... 0 –101,100 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE .................................................................................... 3,064,257 2,961,041 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................................ ........................ 3,526,471 3,526,471 
020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 740,779 743,379 
ARNG border security enhancement ............................................................................................... .............. [2,600 ] 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ......................... 1,763,859 1,763,859 
040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................. 288,786 288 ,786 
050 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................ 582,037 582,037 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 6,901,932 6,904,532 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES 
060 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .............................. 23,626 23,626 
070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................. 30,652 30,652 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... .............................. 0 –3,015 
Streamlining of Air National Guard Management Headquarters .................................................................. [–3 ,015 ] 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ............................... 0 42,200 
Costs associated with preventing divestiture of A–10 fleet ..................................................................... ....... [42,200 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................. 54,278 93,463 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xxxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ........................................................................................... ............ 0 –162,600 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................. [–162,600 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ......................................................................................................................... 0 –162,600 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG .................................................................................................. 6,956,210 6,835,395 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ......................... 485,888 505,888 
Middle East Assurance Initiative ............................................................................................... ................... [20,000 ] 
020 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ........ 534,795 530,795 
DOD Rewards reduction-funding ahead of need .................................................................................... ......... [–4,000 ] 
030 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................... 4,862 ,368 4,862,368 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3596 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 5,883,051 5,899,051 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
040 DEFENSE ACQUISITION UNIVERSITY ............................................................................................. ............. 142,659 142,659 
050 NATIONAL DEFENSE UNIVERSITY ................................................................................................ ............... 78,416 78,416 
060 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/TRAINING AND RECRUITING .............................................................. 354,372 354 ,372 
SUBTOTAL, TRAINING AND RECRUITING ...................................................................................................... 575,447 575,447 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
070 CIVIL MILITARY PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... .................... 160,320 160,320 
090 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ............ 570,177 570,177 
100 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ......................................................................................... .. 1,374,536 1,374,536 
110 DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY ........................................................................................... ........ 642,551 642,551 
120 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... ..... 1,282,755 1,292,755 
Sharkseer increase ............................................................................................................. ............................ [10,000 ] 
140 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. ............ 26,073 26,073 
150 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY ................................................................................................... ................... 366,429 366,429 
160 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... ...................... 192,625 192,625 
180 DEFENSE PERSONNEL ACCOUNTING AGENCY ........................................................................................ ... 115,372 115,372 
190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ ..... 524,723 517,723 
Reduction to Combating Terrorism Fellowship .................................................................................... ......... [–7,000 ] 
200 DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE ................................................................................................... ................... 508,396 508,396 
230 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY SECURITY ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................. 33,5 77 33,577 
240 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ......... 415,696 415,696 
260 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY .................................................................................. 2 ,753,771 2,784,021 
Impact Aid ..................................................................................................................... ................................ [30,000 ] 
School lunches for territories ................................................................................................. ....................... [250 ] 
270 MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY ..................................................................................................... ..................... 432,068 432,068 
290 OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT .............................................................................................. ............. 110,612 57,512 
Guam outside the fence infastructure ........................................................................................... ................ [–20,000 ] 
Defense industry adjustment .................................................................................................... ..................... [–33,100 ] 
300 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ........ 1,388,285 1,378,785 
BRAC 2017 Planning and Support ................................................................................................. ................. [–10,500 ] 
OSD fleet architecture study ................................................................................................... ...................... [1,000 ] 
310 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/ADMIN & SVC-WIDE ACTIVITIES ........................................................ 83,263 83,263  
320 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... ...... 621,688 621,688 
320A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ......................... 14,379,428 14,379,428 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... .............................. 0 –897,552 
Streamlining of Department of Defense Management Headquarters ............................................................ [–897, 552 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................. 25,982,345 25,055,443 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED FOREIGN CURRENCY ADJUSTMENT .............................................................................. 0 –51 ,900 
Foreign currency adjustment .................................................................................................... .................... [–51,900 ] 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –36,000 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................. [–36,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ......................................................................................................................... 0 –87,900 
TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ........................................................................... 32,440,843 31,442,041 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
US COURT OF APPEALS FOR ARMED FORCES, DEF 
010 US COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES, DEFENSE ................................................................. 14,078 14 ,078 
SUBTOTAL, US COURT OF APPEALS FOR ARMED FORCES, DEF ................................................................. 14,078 14,078 
OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID 
010 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER AND CIVIC AID ............................................................................ 10 0,266 100,266 
SUBTOTAL, OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID .......................................................... 100,266 100,266 
COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT 
010 FORMER SOVIET UNION (FSU) THREAT REDUCTION ................................................................................. 358,496 358,496 
SUBTOTAL, COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT ....................................................................... 358,496 358,496 
DOD ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND 
010 ACQ WORKFORCE DEV FD ....................................................................................................... ....................... 84,140 84,140 
SUBTOTAL, DOD ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND .......................................................... 84,140 84,140 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY 
040 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY ............................................................................................ ........ 234,829 234,829 
SUBTOTAL, ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY .................................................................................. 234,829 234,829 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY 
050 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ............................................................................................ ......... 292,453 292,453 
SUBTOTAL, ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ................................................................................... 292,453 292,453 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE 
060 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ....................................................................................... .... 368,131 368,131 
SUBTOTAL, ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ......................................................................... 368,131 368,131 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE 
070 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ..... 8,232 8,232 
SUBTOTAL, ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE ............................................................................ 8,232 8,232 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3597 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES 
080 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES ...................................................................... 203,717 203,717 
SUBTOTAL, ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES ..................................................... 203,717 203,717 
TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ................................................................................................. 1,664,342 1,664,342 
TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................................... 176,517,228 134,071,146 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS. 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ............................. 257,900 1,352,329 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [1,094,429 ] 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 1,110,836 1,874,136 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [763,300 ] 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ........... 261,943 1,316,265 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [1,054,322 ] 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ .............................. 22,160 1,568,289 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [1,546,129 ] 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ...... 1,119,201 4,277,807 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [3,158,606 ] 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ............ 117,881 117,881 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................... 50,000 50,000 
140 ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... ........................ 4,500,666 4,500,666 
150 COMMANDERS EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROGRAM ................................................................................... 10, 000 10,000 
160 RESET ...................................................................................................................... ........................................ 1,834,777 1,834,777 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 9,285,364 16,902,150 
MOBILIZATION 
190 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. ................. 40,000 40,000 
SUBTOTAL, MOBILIZATION ............................................................................................................................. 40,000 40,000 
ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 
350 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............... 529,891 529,891 
380 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... .................. 5,033 5,033 
420 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .................. 100,480 100,480 
450 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... .................. 154,350 154,350 
480A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ......................... 1,267,632 1,267,632 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 2,057,386 2,057,386 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ................................................................................................ 11,382,750 18,999,536 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .................... 2,442 2,442 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ........... 813 813 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ...... 779 779 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................... 20,525 20,525 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 24,559 24,559 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ........................................................................................ 24,559 24,559 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ............................. 1,984 1,984 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .................... 4,671 4,671 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ .............................. 15,980 15,980 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ...... 12,867 12,867 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................... 23,134 23,134 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ............................................................................... 1,426  1,426 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 60,062 60,062 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............... 783 783 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 783 783 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ................................................................................................ 60,845 60,845 
AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND 
MINISTRY OF DEFENSE 
010 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ ................................ 2,214,899 2,214,899 
030 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... ............ 182,751 182,751 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3598 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
040 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... .................... 281,555 281,555 
SUBTOTAL, MINISTRY OF DEFENSE .............................................................................................................. 2,679,205 2,679,205 
MINISTRY OF INTERIOR 
060 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ ................................ 901,137 901,137 
080 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... ............ 116,573 116,573 
090 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... .................... 65,342 65,342 
SUBTOTAL, MINISTRY OF INTERIOR ............................................................................................................. 1,083,052 1,083,052 
TOTAL AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND ......................................................................................... 3,762,257 3,762,257 
IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
010 IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .................................................................................................. .................... 715,000 715,000 
SUBTOTAL, IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ................................................................................................... 715,000 715,000 
TOTAL IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .......................................................................................................... 715,000 715,000 
SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
010 SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ................................................................................................. .................. 600,000 600,000 
SUBTOTAL, SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ................................................................................................. 600,000 600,000 
TOTAL SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ......................................................................................................... 600,000 600,000 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ....... 358,417 5,302,082 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [4,940,365 ] 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [3,300 ] 
030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ......................................................................... 110 110 
040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ........ 4,513 4,513 
050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ........................ 126,501 126,501 
060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............... 75,897 990,433 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [897,536 ] 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [17,000 ] 
070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ....... 2,770 2,770 
080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ............................ 34,101 34,101 
090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... .......... 1,184,878 5,472,536 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [4,287,658 ] 
100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ......... 16,663 16,663 
110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ..................... 1,922,829 7,883,780 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [5,960,951 ] 
130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... .................... 33,577 33,577 
160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ ............................ 26,454 26,454 
170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY .............................................................................. 22,30 5 22,305 
180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ..................... 513,969 513,969 
190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... .................... 10,007 10,007 
250 IN-SERVICE WEAPONS SYSTEMS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ....... 60,865 60,865 
260 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ...................... 275,231 275,231 
290 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION .............................................................................. 7,8 19 7,819 
300 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... .................... 61,422 61,422 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 4,738,328 20,845,138 
MOBILIZATION 
340 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ... 5,307 5,307 
360 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ....................... 160,002 160,002 
SUBTOTAL, MOBILIZATION ............................................................................................................................. 165,309 165,309 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
400 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................... 44,845 44,845 
SUBTOTAL, TRAINING AND RECRUITING ...................................................................................................... 44,845 44,845 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
480 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .............................. 2,513 2,513 
490 EXTERNAL RELATIONS ......................................................................................................... ........................ 500 500 
510 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ......................................................................... 5,309 5, 309 
520 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .................. 1,469 1,469 
550 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............... 156,671 156,671 
580 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... .... 8,834 8,834 
620 NAVAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE ................................................................................................ ................ 1,490 1,490 
680A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ......................... 6,320 6,320 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 183,106 183,106 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ................................................................................................ 5,131,588 21,238,398 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... ......................... 353,133 1,284,212 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [931,079 ] 
020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ ............................... 259,676 1,191,433 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [931,757 ] 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3599 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ......................... 240,000 240,000 
060 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... .................... 16,026 16,026 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 868,835 2,731,671 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
110 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ............................ 37,862 37,862 
SUBTOTAL, TRAINING AND RECRUITING ...................................................................................................... 37,862 37,862 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............... 43,767 43,767 
180A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ......................... 2,070 2,070 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 45,837 45,837 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ............................................................................... 952,534 2,815,370 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ....... 4,033 4,033 
020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ................ 60 60 
030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............... 20,300 20,300 
100 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ..................... 7,250 7,250 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 31,643 31,643 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ......................................................................................... 31,643 31,643 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... ........................... 2,500 2,500 
040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... .................... 955 955 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 3,455 3,455 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ................................................................................... 3,455 3,455 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .................... 1,505,738 4,839,106 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [3,336,868 ] 
Retain Current A–10 Fleet ...................................................................................................... ....................... [–1,400 ] 
Unjustified Increase ........................................................................................................... ............................ [–2,100 ] 
020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. .............. 914,973 2,802,588 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [1,897,315 ] 
Unjustified Increase ........................................................................................................... ............................ [–14,000 ] 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [4,300 ] 
030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ............................................................................. 31,978 31,978 
040 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ......................... 1,192,765 7,729,892 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [6,537,127 ] 
050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................. 85,625 85,6 25 
060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................ 917,269 917,269 
070 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... ............... 30,219 30,219 
080 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ........... 174,734 174,734 
100 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... ............................ 869 869 
110 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... ..................... 5,008 5,008 
120 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT .......................................................................... 100,19 0 100,190 
xxx CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ........................ 22,893 22,893 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 4,982,261 16,740,371 
MOBILIZATION 
140 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... .......................... 2,995,703 2,995,703 
150 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. ................ 108,163 108,163 
160 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ......................... 511,059 2,128,630 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... .......... [1,617,571 ] 
180 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................ 4,642 4,642 
SUBTOTAL, MOBILIZATION ............................................................................................................................. 3,619,567 5,237,138 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
190 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ........................... 92 92 
240 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................... 11,986 11,986 
SUBTOTAL, TRAINING AND RECRUITING ...................................................................................................... 12,078 12,078 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
340 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... ........................ 86,716 86,716 
380 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................ 3,836 3,836 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............... 165,348 165,348 
410 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ................ 204,683 141,683 
Reduction to the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq ........................................................................ ....... [–63,000 ] 
450 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ..................... 61 61 
450A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ......................... 15,463 15,463 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 476,107 413,107 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ....................................................................................... 9,090,013 22,402,694 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3600 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
OPERATING FORCES 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ......................... 51,086 51,086 
050 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................ 7,020 7,020 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 58,106 58,106 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE .................................................................................... 58,106 58,106 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG 
OPERATING FORCES 
020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 19,900 19,900 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 19,900 19,900 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG .................................................................................................. 19,900 19,900 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ......................... 9,900 9,900 
030 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................... 2,345 ,835 2,345,835 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................... 2,355,735 2,355,735 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
090 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ............ 18,474 18,474 
120 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... ..... 29,579 29,579 
140 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. ............ 110,000 110,000 
160 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... ...................... 5,960 5,960 
190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ ..... 1,677,000 1,577,000 
Reduction from Coalition Support Funds ......................................................................................... ............. [–100,000 ] 
260 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY .................................................................................. 7 3,000 73,000 
300 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ........ 106,709 106,709 
320 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... ...... 2,102 2,102 
320A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ......................... 1,427,074 1,427,074 
SUBTOTAL, ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES .................................................................. 3,449,898 3,349,898 
TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ........................................................................... 5,805,633 5,705,633 
TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................................... 37,638,283 76,437,396 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MILITARY PERSONNEL 
MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS .............................................................................................. ............ 130,491,227 129,236,727 
Military Personnel Underexecution .............................................................................................. ................. [–987,200 ] 
Additional support for the National Guard’s Operation Phalanx .................................................................. [21,700 ] 
Reduction for anticipated cost of TRICARE consolidation ........................................................................ ... [–85,000 ] 
TRICARE program improvement initiatives ........................................................................................ ......... [15,000 ] 
Financial literacy improvement ................................................................................................. ................... [85,000 ] 
Reduction from Foreign Currency Gains, Army .................................................................................... ........ [–65,200 ] 
Reduction from Foreign Currency Gains, Navy .................................................................................... ......... [–81,400 ] 
Reduction from Foreign Currency Gains, Marine Corps ............................................................................ .... [–27,000 ] 
Reduction from Foreign Currency Gains, Air Force ............................................................................... ....... [–130,400 ] 
SUBTOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS ........................................................................................ 130,491,227 129,236,727 
MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS 
MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS ..................................................................... 6,243,4 49 6,243,449 
SUBTOTAL, MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS ................................................... 6,243,449 6,243,449 
TOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL ............................................................................................................................... 136,734,676 135,480,176 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS 
CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MILITARY PERSONNEL 
MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS .............................................................................................. ............ 3,204,758 3,204,758 
SUBTOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS ........................................................................................ 3,204,758 3,204,758 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3601 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
TOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL ............................................................................................................................... 3,204,758 3,204,758 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS. 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY 
020 SUPPLY MANAGEMENT—ARMY ..................................................................................................... ................ 50,432 50,432 
SUBTOTAL, WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY ................................................................................................. 50,432 50,432 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 
010 SUPPLIES AND MATERIALS ..................................................................................................... ...................... 62,898 62,898 
SUBTOTAL, WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ........................................................................................ 62,898 62,898 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 
030 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY (DLA) ............................................................................................. ................ 45,084 45,084 
SUBTOTAL, WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ................................................................................. 45,084 45,084 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA 
020 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA ................................................................................................. ................... 1,154,154 1,154,154 
SUBTOTAL, WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA ................................................................................................. 1,154,154 1,154,154 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND .................................................................................................................... 1,312,568 1,312,568 
NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND 
040 POST DELIVERY AND OUTFITTING ............................................................................................... ................. 15,456 15,456 
060 LG MED SPD RO/RO MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................... ................ 124,493 124,493 
070 DOD MOBILIZATION ALTERATIONS ............................................................................................... ................ 8,243 8,243 
080 TAH MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................................ ............................. 27,784 27,784 
090 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................... ................. 25,197 25,197 
100 READY RESERVE FORCE ........................................................................................................ ......................... 272,991 272,991 
SUBTOTAL, NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND ........................................................................................... 474,164 474,164 
TOTAL NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND .................................................................................................. 474,164 474,164 
CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 
01 CHEM DEMILITARIZATION—O&M ................................................................................................... ................ 139,098 139,098 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... 139,098 139,098 
RDT&E 
02 CHEM DEMILITARIZATION—RDT&E ................................................................................................. ............. 579,342 579,342 
SUBTOTAL, RDT&E ............................................................................................................................... ............. 579,342 579,342 
PROCUREMENT 
03 CHEM DEMILITARIZATION—PROC .................................................................................................. ............... 2,281 2,281 
SUBTOTAL, PROCUREMENT ............................................................................................................................. 2,281 2,281 
TOTAL CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION .................................................................................... 720,721 720,721 
DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF 
DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES 
010 DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE .......................................................... 739,009 761 ,009 
SOUTHCOM Operational support ................................................................................................... ................. [30,000] 
Transfer to Demand Reduction Program ........................................................................................... .............. [–8,000] 
SUBTOTAL, DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES .......................................................... 739,009 761,009 
DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM 
020 DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM .............................................................................................. ........... 111,589 119,589 
Expanded drug testing .......................................................................................................... ........................... [8,000] 
SUBTOTAL, DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM ...................................................................................... 111,589 119,589 
TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ....................................................................... 850,598 880,598 
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
010 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ............................................................................................ .............. 310,459 310,459 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. 310,459 310,459 
RDT&E 
020 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ............................................................................................ .............. 4,700 2,100 
Funding ahead of need .......................................................................................................... ........................... [–2,600] 
SUBTOTAL, RDT&E ............................................................................................................................... ............. 4,700 2,100 
PROCUREMENT 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3602 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
030 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ............................................................................................ .............. 1,000 0 
Funding ahead of need .......................................................................................................... ........................... [–1,000] 
SUBTOTAL, PROCUREMENT ............................................................................................................................. 1,000 0 
TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL .............................................................................................. 316,159 312,559 
DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 
010 IN-HOUSE CARE .............................................................................................................. .................................. 9,082,298 9,082,298 
020 PRIVATE SECTOR CARE ........................................................................................................ .......................... 14,892,683 14,892,683 
030 CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT ................................................................................................ ............... 2,415,658 2,405,368 
Reduction of funds related to Combating Antibiotic Resistant Bacteria (CARB) project .............................. [–10,290] 
040 INFORMATION MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ................... 1,677,827 1,677,827 
050 MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... ....................... 327,967 327,967 
060 EDUCATION AND TRAINING ..................................................................................................... ....................... 750,614 750,614 
070 BASE OPERATIONS/COMMUNICATIONS ............................................................................................. ............ 1,742,893 1,742,893 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED FOREIGN CURRENCY ADJUSTMENT ................................................................................ 0 – 36,400 
Foreign currency adjustment .................................................................................................... ...................... [–36,400] 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... 30,889,940 30,843,250 
RDT&E 
090 R&D RESEARCH ............................................................................................................... ................................. 10,996 10,996 
100 R&D EXPLORATRY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. .............. 59,473 56,323 
Reduction of funds related to Combating Antibiotic Resistant Bacteria (CARB) project .............................. [–3,150] 
110 R&D ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................... ................. 231,356 228,256 
Reduction of funds related to Combating Antibiotic Resistant Bacteria (CARB) project .............................. [–3,100] 
120 R&D DEMONSTRATION/VALIDATION ............................................................................................... .............. 103,443 103,443 
130 R&D ENGINEERING DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................ .............. 515,910 515,910 
140 R&D MANAGEMENT AND SUPPORT ................................................................................................. .............. 41,567 41,567 
150 R&D CAPABILITIES ENHANCEMENT ............................................................................................... ............... 17,356 17,356 
SUBTOTAL, RDT&E ............................................................................................................................... ............. 980,101 973,851 
PROCUREMENT 
160 PROC INITIAL OUTFITTING .................................................................................................... ......................... 33,392 33,392 
170 PROC REPLACEMENT & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................................... ......... 330,504 330,504 
180 PROC THEATER MEDICAL INFORMATION PROGRAM .................................................................................. 1 ,494 1,494 
190 PROC IEHR .................................................................................................................. ....................................... 7,897 7,897 
SUBTOTAL, PROCUREMENT ............................................................................................................................. 373,287 373,287 
TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM .............................................................................................................. 32,243,328 32,190,388 
TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS .................................................................................................................... 35,917,538 35,890,998 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVER-
SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 
020 TRANSPORTATION OF FALLEN HEROES ............................................................................................ ........... 2,500 2,500 
SUBTOTAL, WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ........................................................................................ 2,500 2,500 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 
030 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY (DLA) ............................................................................................. ................ 86,350 86,350 
SUBTOTAL, WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ................................................................................. 86,350 86,350 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND .................................................................................................................... 88,850 88,850 
DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF 
DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES 
010 DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE .......................................................... 186,000 186 ,000 
SUBTOTAL, DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES .......................................................... 186,000 186,000 
TOTAL, DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ...................................................................... 186,000 186,000 
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
010 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ............................................................................................ .............. 10,262 10,262 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. 10,262 10,262 
TOTAL, OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL .............................................................................................. 10,262 10,262 
DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 
010 IN-HOUSE CARE .............................................................................................................. .................................. 65,149 65,149 
020 PRIVATE SECTOR CARE ........................................................................................................ .......................... 192,210 192,210 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3603 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
030 CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT ................................................................................................ ............... 9,460 9,460 
060 EDUCATION AND TRAINING ..................................................................................................... ....................... 5,885 5,885 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... 272,704 272,704 
TOTAL, DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM ............................................................................................................. 272,704 272,704 
COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND 
COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND 
090 COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND ......................................................................................... ..... 2,100,000 1,000,000 
Request excess to need ......................................................................................................... ........................... [–1,100,000] 
SUBTOTAL, COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND ............................................................................ 2,100,000 1,000,000 
TOTAL, COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND ................................................................................... 2,100,000 1,000,000 
UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE 
UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE 
xxx UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE ..................................................................................... ....... 0 300,000 
Provides assistance to Ukraine ................................................................................................. ...................... [300,000] 
SUBTOTAL, UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE ........................................................................... 0 300,000 
TOTAL, UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE .................................................................................. 0 300,000 
TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATION ...................................................................................................................... 2,657,816 1,857,816 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION. 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
MILCON, ARMY 
Alaska 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Greely Physical Readiness Training Facility ............................................ 7,800 7,800 
California 
MILCON, 
ARMY Concord Pier ................................................................................................ 98,000 98,000 
Colorado 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Carson, Colorado Rotary Wing Taxiway .................................................................... 5,800 5,800 
Georgia 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Gordon Command and Control Facility ...................................................... 90,000 90,000 
Germany 
MILCON, 
ARMY Grafenwoehr Vehicle Maintenance Shop ............................................................. 51,000 51,000 
Guantanamo Bay, Cuba 
MILCON, 
ARMY Guantanamo Bay Unaccompanied Personnel Housing ............................................... 0 76,000 
Maryland 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Meade Access Control Point-Reece Road .................................................. 0 19,500 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Meade Access Control Point-Mapes Road ................................................. 0 15,000 
New York 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Drum, New York NCO Academy Complex .................................................................. 19,000 19,000 
MILCON, 
ARMY U.S. Military Academy Waste Water Treatment Plant ....................................................... 70,000 70,000 
Oklahoma 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Sill Reception Barracks Complex Ph2 .................................................. 56,000 56,000 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Sill Training Support Facility ............................................................. 13,400 13,400 
Texas 
MILCON, 
ARMY Corpus Christi Powertrain Facility (Infrastructure/Metal) ................................... 85,000 85,000 
MILCON, 
ARMY Joint Base San Antonio Homeland Defense Operations Center ............................................ 43,000 0 
Virginia 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Lee Training Support Facility ............................................................. 33,000 33,000 
MILCON, 
ARMY Joint Base Myer-Henderson Instruction Building ...................................................................... 37,000 0 
Worldwide Unspecified 
MILCON, 
ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Host Nation Support ...................................................................... 36,000 36,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3604 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MILCON, 
ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Minor Construction ........................................................................ 25,000 25,000 
MILCON, 
ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ...................................................................... 73,245 73,245 
MILCON, 
ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Prior Year Unobligated Amounts .................................................. 0 –52,000 
SUBTOTAL, MILCON, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... 743,245 721,745 
MIL CON, NAVY 
Arizona 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Yuma Aircraft Maint. Facilities & Apron (So. CALA) ............................. 50,635 50,635 
Bahrain Island 
MIL CON, 
NAVY SW Asia Mina Salman Pier Replacement .................................................... 37,700 37,700 
MIL CON, 
NAVY SW Asia Ship Maintenance Support Facility ............................................... 52,091 52,091 
California 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Camp Pendleton, California Raw Water Pipeline Pendleton to Fallbrook ................................. 44,540 0 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Camp Pendleton, California Pendleton Ops Center ..................................................................... 0 25,000 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Coronado Coastal Campus Utilities ............................................................... 4,856 4,856 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Lemoore F–35C Hangar Modernization and Addition .................................... 56,497 56,497 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Lemoore F–35C Training Facilities ............................................................... 8,187 8,187 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Lemoore RTO and Mission Debrief Facility ................................................. 7,146 7,146 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Miramar KC–130J Enlisted Air Crew Trainer ................................................ 0 11,200 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Point Mugu E–2C/D Hangar Additions and Renovations .................................... 19,453 19,453 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Point Mugu Triton Avionics and Fuel Systems Trainer ................................... 2,974 2,974 
MIL CON, 
NAVY San Diego LCS Support Facility ..................................................................... 37,366 37,366 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Twentynine Palms, California Microgrid Expansion ...................................................................... 9,160 9,1 60 
Florida 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Jacksonville Fleet Support Facility Addition .................................................... 8,455 8,455 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Jacksonville Triton Mission Control Facility .................................................... 8,296 8,296 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Mayport LCS Mission Module Readiness Center .......................................... 16,159 16,159 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Pensacola A-School Unaccopanied Housing (Corry Station) .......................... 18,347 18,347 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Whiting Field T–6B JPATS Training Operations Facility .................................... 10,421 10,421 
Georgia 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Albany Ground Source Heat Pumps ........................................................... 7,851 7,851 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Kings Bay Industrial Control System Infrastructure ..................................... 8,099 8,099 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Townsend Townsend Bombing Range Expansion Phase 2 ............................... 48,279 43,279 
Guam 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Joint Region Marianas Live-Fire Training Range Complex (NW Field) ............................. 125,677 125,677 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Joint Region Marianas Municipal Solid Waste Landfill Closure ........................................ 10,777 10,777 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Joint Region Marianas Sanitary Sewer System Recapitalization ...................................... 45,314 45,314 
Hawaii 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Barking Sands PMRF Power Grid Consolidation ................................................... 30,623 30,623 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Joint Base Pearl Harbor- 
Hickam UEM Interconnect Sta C to Hickam .............................................. 6,335 6,335 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Joint Base Pearl Harbor- 
Hickam Welding School Shop Consolidation ............................................... 8,546 8,546 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Kaneohe Bay Airfield Lighting Modernization .................................................... 26,097 26,097 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Kaneohe Bay Bachelor Enlisted Quarters ............................................................ 68,092 68,092 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Kaneohe Bay P–8A Detachment Support Facilities ............................................. 12,429 12,429 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Mcb Hawaii LHD Pad Conversions MV22 Landing Pads .................................... 0 12,800 
Italy 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3605 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Sigonella P–8A Hangar and Fleet Support Facility ....................................... 62,302 62,302 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Sigonella Triton Hangar and Operation Facility ........................................... 40,641 40,641 
Japan 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Camp Butler Military Working Dog Facilities (Camp Hansen) ........................... 11,697 11,697 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Iwakuni E–2D Operational Trainer Complex ................................................ 8,716 8,716 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Iwakuni Security Modifications—CVW5/MAG12 HQ .................................... 9,207 9,207 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Kadena AB Aircraft Maint. Shelters & Apron .................................................. 23,310 23,310 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Yokosuka Child Development Center ............................................................. 13,846 13,846 
Maryland 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Patuxent River Unaccompanied Housing ................................................................ 40,935 40,935 
North Carolina 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Camp Lejeune Range Safety Improvements .......................................................... 0 19,400 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Camp Lejeune, North Carolina Simulator Integration/Range Control Facility .............................. 54,849 54,849 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Cherry Point Marine Corps Air 
Station Air Field Security Improvements .................................................. 0 23,300 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Cherry Point Marine Corps Air 
Station KC130J Enlsited Air Crew Trainer Facility ................................... 4,769 4,769 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Cherry Point Marine Corps Air 
Station Unmanned Aircraft System Facilities ........................................... 29,657 29,657 
MIL CON, 
NAVY New River Operational Trainer Facility ......................................................... 3,312 3,312 
MIL CON, 
NAVY New River Radar Air Traffic Control Facility Addition ................................. 4,918 4,918 
Poland 
MIL CON, 
NAVY RedziKowo Base AEGIS Ashore Missile Defense Complex ........................................ 51,270 51,270 
South Carolina 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Parris Island Range Safety Improvements & Modernization .............................. 27,075 27,075 
Virginia 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Dam Neck Maritime Surveillance System Facility ........................................ 23,066 23,066 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Norfolk Communications Center ................................................................. 75,289 75,289 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Norfolk Electrical Repairs to Piers 2,6,7, and 11 ......................................... 44,254 44,254 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Norfolk MH60 Helicopter Training Facility ................................................ 7,134 7,134 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Portsmouth Waterfront Utilities ....................................................................... 45,513 45,513 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Quantico ATFP Gate ..................................................................................... 5,840 5,840 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Quantico Electrical Distribution Upgrade .................................................... 8,418 8,418 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Quantico Embassy Security Guard BEQ & Ops Facility ............................... 43,941 43,941 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Quantico TBS Fire Station Replacement ...................................................... 0 17,200 
Washington 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Bangor WRA Land/Water Interface ............................................................ 34,177 34,177 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Bremerton Dry Dock 6 Modernization & Utility Improve. ............................... 22,680 22,680 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Indian Island Shore Power to Ammunition Pier .................................................. 4,472 4,472 
Worldwide Unspecified 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions MCON Design Funds ....................................................................... 91,649 91,649 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Unspecified Minor Construction .................................................... 22,590 22,590 
SUBTOTAL, MIL CON, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... 1,605,929 1,665,289 
MILCON, AIR FORCE 
Alaska 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35A Flight Sim/Alter Squad Ops/AMU Facility .......................... 37,000 37,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Eielson AFB Rpr Central Heat & Power Plant Boiler Ph3 .................................. 34,400 34,400 
Arizona 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3606 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Davis-Monthan AFB HC–130J Age Covered Storage ........................................................ 4,700 4,700 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Davis-Monthan AFB HC–130J Wash Rack ........................................................................ 12,200 12,200 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Luke AFB Communications Facility .............................................................. 0 21,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Luke AFB F–35A ADAL Fuel Offload Facility ................................................ 5,000 5,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Luke AFB F–35A Aircraft Maintenance Hangar/Sq 3 ...................................... 13,200 13,200 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Luke AFB F–35A Bomb Build-Up Facility ....................................................... 5,500 5,500 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Luke AFB F–35A Sq Ops/AMU/Hangar/Sq 4 ..................................................... 33,000 33,000 
Colorado 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE U.S. Air Force Academy Front Gates Force Protection Enhancements ............................... 10,000 10,000 
Florida 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Cape Canaveral AFS Range Communications Facility ................................................... 21,000 21,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Eglin AFB F–35A Consolidated HQ Facility .................................................... 8,700 8,700 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Hurlburt Field ADAL 39 Information Operations Squad Facility .......................... 14,200 14,200 
Greenland 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Thule AB Thule Consolidation Ph 1 ............................................................... 41,965 41,965 
Guam 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Joint Region Marianas APR—Dispersed Maint Spares & SE Storage Fac .......................... 19,000 19,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Joint Region Marianas APR—Installation Control Center ................................................. 22,200 22,200 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Joint Region Marianas APR—South Ramp Utilities Phase 2 .............................................. 7,100 7,100 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Joint Region Marianas PRTC Roads ................................................................................... 2,500 2,500 
Hawaii 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Joint Base Pearl Harbor- 
Hickam F–22 Fighter Alert Facility ............................................................ 46,000 46,000 
Japan 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Yokota AB C–130J Flight Simulator Facility ................................................... 8,461 8,461 
Kansas 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE McConnell AFB Air Traffic Control Tower .............................................................. 0 11,200 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE McConnell AFB KC–46A ADAL Deicing Pads ........................................................... 4,300 4,300 
Louisiana 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Barksdale AFB Consolidated Communications Facility ......................................... 0 20,000 
Maryland 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Fort Meade CYBERCOM Joint Operations Center, Increment 3 ....................... 86,000 86,000 
Missouri 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Whiteman AFB Consolidated Stealth Ops & Nuclear Alert Fac .............................. 29,500 29,500 
Montana 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3607 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Malmstrom AFB Tactical Response Force Alert Facility ......................................... 19,700 19,700 
Nebraska 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Offutt AFB Dormitory (144 RM) ........................................................................ 21,000 21,000 
Nevada 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Nellis AFB F–35A Airfield Pavements .............................................................. 31,000 31,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Nellis AFB F–35A Live Ordnance Loading Area ............................................... 34,500 34,500 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Nellis AFB F–35A Munitions Maintenance Facilities ....................................... 3,450 3,450 
New Mexico 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Cannon AFB Construct AT/FP Gate—Portales ................................................... 7,800 7,800 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Holloman AFB Marshalling Area ARM/DE-ARM Pad D ......................................... 3,000 3,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Holloman AFB Fixed Ground Control .................................................................... 0 3,200 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Kirtland AFB Space Vehicles Component Development Lab ............................... 12,800 12,800 
New York 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Fort Drum, New York ASOS Expansion ............................................................................ 0 6,000 
Niger 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Agadez Construct Airfield and Base Camp ................................................. 50,000 50,000 
North Carolina 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Seymour Johnson AFB Air Traffic Control Tower/Base Ops Facility ................................. 17,100 17,100 
Oklahoma 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Altus AFB Dormitory (120 RM) ........................................................................ 18,000 18,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Altus AFB KC–46A FTU ADAL Fuel Cell Maint Hangar .................................. 10,400 10,400 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Tinker AFB Air Traffic Control Tower .............................................................. 12,900 12,900 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Tinker AFB KC–46A Depot Maintenance Dock .................................................. 37,000 37,000 
Oman 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE AL Musannah AB Airlift Apron .................................................................................. 25,000 25,000 
South Dakota 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Ellsworth AFB Dormitory (168 RM) ........................................................................ 23,000 23,000 
Texas 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Joint Base San Antonio BMT Classrooms/Dining Facility 3 ................................................ 35,000 35,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Joint Base San Antonio BMT Recruit Dormitory 5 .............................................................. 71,000 71,000 
United Kingdom 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Croughton Raf Consolidated SATCOM/Tech Control Facility ............................... 36,424 36,424 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Croughton Raf JIAC Consolidation—Ph 2 .............................................................. 94,191 94,191 
Utah 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Hill AFB F–35A Flight Simulator Addition Phase 2 ..................................... 5,900 5,900 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3608 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Hill AFB F–35A Hangar 40/42 Additions and AMU ......................................... 21,000 21,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Hill AFB Hayman Igloos ............................................................................... 11,500 11,500 
Worldwide Classified 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Classified Location Long Range Strike Bomber ............................................................ 77,130 77,130 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Classified Location Munitions Storage ......................................................................... 3,000 3,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Prior Year Unobligated Amounts .................................................. 0 –50,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ...................................................................... 89,164 89, 164 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Military Construction ...................................... 22,900 22,900 
Wyoming 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE F. E. Warren AFB Weapon Storage Facility ............................................................... 95,000 95,000 
SUBTOTAL, MILCON, AIR FORCE ....................................................................................................................... 1,354,785 1,366,185 
MIL CON, DEF-WIDE 
Alabama 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fort Rucker Fort Rucker ES/PS Consolidation/Replacement ............................ 46,787 46,787 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Maxwell AFB Maxwell ES/MS Replacement/Renovation ..................................... 32,968 32,968 
Arizona 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fort Huachuca JITC Buildings 52101/52111 Renovations ......................................... 3,884 3,884 
California 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Camp Pendleton, California SOF Combat Service Support Facility .......................................... 10,181 10,181 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Camp Pendleton, California SOF Performance Resiliency Center-West ..................................... 10,371 10,371 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Coronado SOF Logistics Support Unit One Ops Fac. #2 ................................ 47,218 47,218 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fresno Yosemite IAP ANG Replace Fuel Storage and Distrib. Facilities ................................. 10,700 10,700 
Colorado 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fort Carson, Colorado SOF Language Training Facility ................................................... 8,243 8,243 
Conus Classified 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Classified Location Operations Support Facility .......................................................... 20,065 20,065 
Delaware 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Dover AFB Construct Hydrant Fuel System .................................................... 21,600 21,600 
Djibouti 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Camp Lemonier, Djibouti Construct Fuel Storage & Distrib. Facilities ................................. 43,700 43,700 
Florida 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Hurlburt Field SOF Fuel Cell Maintenance Hangar ............................................... 17,989 17,989 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE MacDill AFB SOF Operational Support Facility ................................................. 39,142 39,142 
Georgia 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Moody AFB Replace Pumphouse and Truck Fillstands ..................................... 10,900 10,900 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3609 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Germany 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Garmisch Garmisch E/MS-Addition/Modernization ....................................... 14,676 14,676 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Grafenwoehr Grafenwoehr Elementary School Replacement .............................. 38,138 38,138 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Rhine Ordnance Barracks Medical Center Replacement Incr 5 ............................................... 85,034 85,034 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Spangdahlem AB Construct Fuel Pipeline ................................................................. 5,500 5,500 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Spangdahlem AB Medical/Dental Clinic Addition ...................................................... 34,071 34,071 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Stuttgart-Patch Barracks Patch Elementary School Replacement ........................................ 49,413 49,413 
Hawaii 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Kaneohe Bay Medical/Dental Clinic Replacement ............................................... 122,071 122,071 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Schofield Barracks Behavioral Health/Dental Clinic Addition ..................................... 123,838 123,838 
Japan 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Kadena AB Airfield Pavements ........................................................................ 37,485 37,485 
Kentucky 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fort Campbell, Kentucky SOF Company HQ/Classrooms ........................................................ 12,553 12,553 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fort Knox Fort Knox HS Renovation/MS Addition ......................................... 23,279 23,279 
Maryland 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fort Meade NSAW Campus Feeders Phase 2 ..................................................... 33,745 33,745 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fort Meade NSAW Recapitalize Building #2 Incr 1 ........................................... 34,897 34,897 
Nevada 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Nellis AFB Replace Hydrant Fuel System ....................................................... 39,900 39,900 
New Mexico 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Cannon AFB Construct Pumphouse and Fuel Storage ........................................ 20,400 20,400 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Cannon AFB SOF Squadron Operations Facility ................................................ 11,565 11,565 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Cannon AFB SOF ST Operational Training Facilities ........................................ 13,146 13,146 
New York 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE West Point West Point Elementary School Replacement ................................ 55,778 55,778 
North Carolina 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Camp Lejeune, North Carolina SOF Combat Service Support Facility .......................................... 14,036 14,036 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Camp Lejeune, North Carolina SOF Marine Battalion Company/Team Facilities .......................... 54,970 54,970 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fort Bragg Butner Elementary School Replacement ....................................... 32,944 32,944 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fort Bragg SOF 21 STS Operations Facility .................................................... 16,863 16,863 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fort Bragg SOF Battalion Operations Facility ................................................ 38,549 38,549 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fort Bragg SOF Indoor Range .......................................................................... 8,303 8,303 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3610 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fort Bragg SOF Intelligence Training Center .................................................. 28,265 28,265 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fort Bragg SOF Special Tactics Facility (PH 2) .............................................. 43,887 43,887 
Ohio 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Wright-Patterson AFB Satellite Pharmacy Replacement .................................................. 6,623 6,623 
Oregon 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Klamath Falls IAP Replace Fuel Facilities .................................................................. 2,500 2,500 
Pennsylvania 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Philadelphia Replace Headquarters .................................................................... 49,700 0 
Poland 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE RedziKowo Base Aegis Ashore Missile Defense System Complex ............................. 169,153 169,153 
South Carolina 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fort Jackson Pierce Terrace Elementary School Replacement .......................... 26,157 26,157 
Spain 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Rota Rota ES and HS Additions ............................................................. 13,737 13,737 
Texas 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fort Bliss Hospital Replacement Incr 7 .......................................................... 239,884 239,884 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Joint Base San Antonio Ambulatory Care Center Phase 4 ................................................... 61,776 61,776 
Virginia 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fort Belvoir Construct Visitor Control Center .................................................. 5,000 5,000 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Fort Belvoir Replace Ground Vehicle Fueling Facility ...................................... 4,500 4,500 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Joint Base Langley-Eustis Replace Fuel Pier and Distribution Facility ................................. 28,000 28,000 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Joint Expeditionary Base Lit-
tle Creek—Story SOF Applied Instruction Facility .................................................. 23,916 23,916 
Worldwide Unspecified 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Contingency Construction ............................................................. 10,000 10,000 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions ECIP Design ................................................................................... 10,000 10,000 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Energy Conservation Investment Program .................................... 150,000 150,000 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Exercise Related Minor Construction ............................................ 8,687 8,687 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ...................................................................... 118,632 118,632 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Unspecified Minor Construction .................................................... 23,676 23,676 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Prior year savings, including rescoped medical facility at Fort 
Knox.0 –120,000 
MIL CON, 
DEF- WIDE Various Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ......................................................................... 31,772 31 ,772 
SUBTOTAL, MIL CON, DEF-WIDE ....................................................................................................................... 2,300,767 2,131,067 
MILCON, ARNG 
Alabama 
MILCON, 
ARNG 
Camp Foley Vehicle Maintenance Shop ............................................................. 0 4,500 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3611 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Connecticut 
MILCON, 
ARNG Camp Hartell Ready Building (CST-WMD) ........................................................... 11,000 11,000 
Delaware 
MILCON, 
ARNG Dagsboro National Guard Vehicle Maintenance Shop ................................... 10,800 10,800 
Florida 
MILCON, 
ARNG Palm Coast National Guard Readiness Center .................................................. 18,000 18,000 
Georgia 
MILCON, 
ARNG Fort Stewart Tactical Aerial Unmanned Systems .............................................. 0 6,800 
Illinois 
MILCON, 
ARNG Sparta Basic 10M–25M Firing Range (Zero) ............................................... 1,900 1,900 
Kansas 
MILCON, 
ARNG Salina Automated Combat Pistol/MP Firearms Qual Cour ....................... 2,400 2,400 
MILCON, 
ARNG Salina Modified Record Fire Range ........................................................... 4,300 4,300 
Maryland 
MILCON, 
ARNG Easton National Guard Readiness Center .................................................. 13,800 13,800 
Mississippi 
MILCON, 
ARNG Gulfport Aviation Classification and Repair ................................................ 0 40,000 
Nevada 
MILCON, 
ARNG Reno National Guard Vehicle Maintenance Shop Add/A ......................... 8,000 8,000 
Ohio 
MILCON, 
ARNG Camp Ravenna Modified Record Fire Range ........................................................... 3,300 3,300 
Oregon 
MILCON, 
ARNG Salem National Guard/Reserve Center Bldg Add/Alt (J ............................ 16,500 16,500 
Pennsylvania 
MILCON, 
ARNG Fort Indiantown Gap Training Aids Center ..................................................................... 16,000 16,000 
Vermont 
MILCON, 
ARNG North Hyde Park National Guard Vehicle Maintenance Shop Addit ......................... 7,900 7,900 
Virginia 
MILCON, 
ARNG Richmond National Guard/Reserve Center Building (JFHQ) .......................... 29,000 29,000 
Washington 
MILCON, 
ARNG Yakima Enlisted Barracks, Transient Training .......................................... 19,000 19,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
MILCON, 
ARNG Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ...................................................................... 20,337 20,337 
MILCON, 
ARNG Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Unspecified Minor Construction .................................................... 15,000 15,000 
SUBTOTAL, MILCON, ARNG ............................................................................................................................... . 197,237 248,537 
MILCON, ANG 
Alabama 
MILCON, 
ANG Dannelly Field TFI—Replace Squadron Operations Facility ................................. 7,600 7,600 
California 
MILCON, 
ANG Moffett Field Replace Vehicle Maintenance Facility .......................................... 6,500 6,500 
Colorado 
MILCON, 
ANG Buckley Air Force Base ASE Maintenance and Storage Facility ........................................ 5,100 5,100 
Connecticut 
MILCON, 
ANG Bradley Ops and Deployment Facility ........................................................ 0 6,300 
Florida 
MILCON, 
ANG Cape Canaveral AFS Space Control Facility ................................................................... 0 6,100 
Georgia 
MILCON, 
ANG Savannah/Hilton Head IAP C–130 Squadron Operations Facility ............................................... 9,000 9,000 
Hawaii 
MILCON, 
ANG Joint Base Pearl Harbor- 
Hickam F–22 Composite Repair Facility ..................................................... 0 9,700 
Iowa 
MILCON, 
ANG Des Moines Map Air Operations Grp/CYBER Beddown-Reno Blg 430 ........................ 6,700 6,700 
Kansas 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3612 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MILCON, 
ANG Smokey Hill ANG Range Range Training Support Facilities ................................................ 2,900 2,900 
Louisiana 
MILCON, 
ANG New Orleans Replace Squadron Operations Facility .......................................... 10,000 10,000 
Maine 
MILCON, 
ANG Bangor IAP Add to and Alter Fire Crash/Rescue Station .................................. 7,200 7,200 
New Hampshire 
MILCON, 
ANG Pease International Trade 
Port Bidg Mo KC–46 Fuselage Trainer .................................................... 0 1,500 
MILCON, 
ANG Pease International Trade 
Port KC–46A ADAL Flight Simulator Bldg 156 ...................................... 2,800 2,800 
New Jersey 
MILCON, 
ANG Atlantic City IAP Fuel Cell and Corrosion Control Hangar ........................................ 10,200 10,200 
New York 
MILCON, 
ANG Niagara Falls IAP Remotely Piloted Aircraft Beddown Bldg 912 ................................ 7,700 7,700 
North Carolina 
MILCON, 
ANG Charlotte/Douglas IAP Replace C–130 Squadron Operations Facility ................................. 9,000 9,000 
North Dakota 
MILCON, 
ANG Hector IAP Intel Targeting Facilities .............................................................. 7,300 7,300 
Oklahoma 
MILCON, 
ANG Will Rogers World Airport Medium Altitude Manned ISR Beddown ........................................ 7,600 7,600 
Oregon 
MILCON, 
ANG Klamath Falls IAP Replace Fire Crash/Rescue Station ................................................ 7,200 7,200 
West Virginia 
MILCON, 
ANG Yeager Airport Force Protection—Relocate Coonskin Road .................................. 3,900 3,900 
Worldwide Unspecified 
MILCON, 
ANG Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ...................................................................... 5,104 5,10 4 
MILCON, 
ANG Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction .................................................... 7,734 7,734 
SUBTOTAL, MILCON, ANG ............................................................................................................................... ... 123,538 147,138 
MILCON, ARMY R 
California 
MILCON, 
ARMY R Miramar Army Reserve Center ..................................................................... 24,000 24,000 
Florida 
MILCON, 
ARMY R MacDill AFB AR Center/AS Facility ................................................................... 55,000 55,000 
Mississippi 
MILCON, 
ARMY R Starkville Army Reserve Center ..................................................................... 9,300 9,300 
New York 
MILCON, 
ARMY R Orangeburg Organizational Maintenance Shop ................................................. 4,200 4,200 
Pennsylvania 
MILCON, 
ARMY R Conneaut Lake DAR Highway Improvement .......................................................... 5,000 5,000 
Puerto Rico 
MILCON, 
ARMY R Fort Buchanan Access Control Point ...................................................................... 0 10,200 
Virginia 
MILCON, 
ARMY R Fort AP Hill Equipment Concentration .............................................................. 0 24,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
MILCON, 
ARMY R Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ...................................................................... 9,318 9,318 
MILCON, 
ARMY R Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Unspecified Minor Construction .................................................... 6,777 6,777 
SUBTOTAL, MILCON, ARMY R ............................................................................................................................ 113,595 147,795 
MIL CON, NAVY RES 
Nevada 
MIL CON, 
NAVY RES Fallon NAVOPSPTCEN Fallon .................................................................. 11,480 11,480 
New York 
MIL CON, 
NAVY RES Brooklyn Reserve Center Storage Facility .................................................... 2,479 2,479 
Virginia 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3613 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MIL CON, 
NAVY RES Dam Neck Reserve Training Center Complex ................................................. 18,443 18,443 
Worldwide Unspecified 
MIL CON, 
NAVY RES Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions MCNR Planning & Design .............................................................. 2,208 2,208 
MIL CON, 
NAVY RES Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions MCNR Unspecified Minor Construction ......................................... 1,468 1,468 
SUBTOTAL, MIL CON, NAVY RES ....................................................................................................................... 36,078 36,078 
MILCON, AF RES 
California 
MILCON, 
AF RES March AFB Satellite Fire Station .................................................................... 4,600 4,600 
Florida 
MILCON, 
AF RES Patrick AFB Aircrew Life Support Facility ....................................................... 3,400 3,400 
Georgia 
MILCON, 
AF RES Dobbins Fire Station/Security Complex ...................................................... 0 10,400 
Ohio 
MILCON, 
AF RES Youngstown Indoor Firing Range ....................................................................... 9,400 9,400 
Texas 
MILCON, 
AF RES Joint Base San Antonio Consolidate 433 Medical Facility ................................................... 9,900 9,900 
Worldwide Unspecified 
MILCON, 
AF RES Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ...................................................................... 13,400 13, 400 
MILCON, 
AF RES Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Military Construction ...................................... 6,121 6,121 
SUBTOTAL, MILCON, AF RES ............................................................................................................................. 46,821 57,221 
NATO SEC INV PRGM 
Worldwide Unspecified 
NATO SEC 
INV PRGM NATO Security Investment 
Program NATO Security Investment Program ............................................. 120,000 120,000 
SUBTOTAL, NATO SEC INV PRGM ...................................................................................................................... 120,000 120,000 
TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION ................................................................................................................... 6,641,995 6,641,055 
FAMILY HOUSING 
FAM HSG CON, ARMY 
Florida 
FAM HSG 
CON, ARMY Camp Rudder Family Housing Replacement Construction .................................. 8,000 8,000 
Germany 
FAM HSG 
CON, ARMY Wiesbaden Army Airfield Family Housing Improvements ...................................................... 3,500 3,500 
Illinois 
FAM HSG 
CON, ARMY Rock Island Family Housing Replacement Construction .................................. 20,000 20,000 
Korea 
FAM HSG 
CON, ARMY Camp Walker Family Housing New Construction ................................................ 61,000 61,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FAM HSG 
CON, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Family Housing P & D ................................................................... 7,195 7,195 
SUBTOTAL, FAM HSG CON, ARMY ..................................................................................................................... 99,695 99,695 
FAM HSG O&M, ARMY 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FAM HSG 
O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Furnishings .................................................................................... 25,552 25,552 
FAM HSG 
O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Leased Housing .............................................................................. 144,879 144,879 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3614 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
FAM HSG 
O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Maintenance of Real Property Facilities ....................................... 75,197 75,197 
FAM HSG 
O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Management Account .................................................................... 48,515 48,515 
FAM HSG 
O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Military Housing Privitization Initiative ...................................... 22,000 22,000 
FAM HSG 
O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Miscellaneous ................................................................................. 840 840 
FAM HSG 
O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Services .......................................................................................... 10,928 10,928 
FAM HSG 
O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Utilities .......................................................................................... 65,600 65,600 
SUBTOTAL, FAM HSG O&M, ARMY ..................................................................................................................... 393,511 393,511 
FAM HSG CON, N/MC 
Virginia 
FAM HSG 
CON, N/ MC Wallops Island Construct Housing Welcome Center ............................................... 438 438 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FAM HSG 
CON, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Design ............................................................................................ 4,588 4,588 
FAM HSG 
CON, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Improvements ................................................................................ 11,515 11,515 
SUBTOTAL, FAM HSG CON, N/MC ....................................................................................................................... 16,541 16,541 
FAM HSG O&M, N/MC 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FAM HSG 
O&M, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Furnishings Account ...................................................................... 17,534 17,534 
FAM HSG 
O&M, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Leasing ........................................................................................... 64,108 64,108 
FAM HSG 
O&M, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Maintenance of Real Property ....................................................... 99,323 99,323 
FAM HSG 
O&M, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Management Account .................................................................... 56,189 56,189 
FAM HSG 
O&M, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Miscellaneous Account .................................................................. 373 373 
FAM HSG 
O&M, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Privatization Support Costs .......................................................... 28,668 28,668 
FAM HSG 
O&M, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Services Account ............................................................................ 19,149 19,149 
FAM HSG 
O&M, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Utilities Account ........................................................................... 67,692 67,692 
SUBTOTAL, FAM HSG O&M, N/MC ...................................................................................................................... 353,036 353,036 
FAM HSG CON, AF 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FAM HSG 
CON, AF 
Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Improvements ................................................................................ 150,649 150,649 
FAM HSG 
CON, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ...................................................................... 9,849 9,849 
SUBTOTAL, FAM HSG CON, AF ........................................................................................................................... 160,498 160,498 
FAM HSG O&M, AF 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FAM HSG 
O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Furnishings Account ...................................................................... 38,746 38,746 
FAM HSG 
O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Housing Privatization .................................................................... 41,554 41,554 
FAM HSG 
O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Leasing ........................................................................................... 28,867 28,867 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3615 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
FAM HSG 
O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Maintenance ................................................................................... 114,129 114,129 
FAM HSG 
O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Management Account .................................................................... 52,153 52,153 
FAM HSG 
O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Miscellaneous Account .................................................................. 2,032 2,032 
FAM HSG 
O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Services Account ........................................................................... 12,940 12,940 
FAM HSG 
O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Utilities Account ........................................................................... 40,811 40,811 
SUBTOTAL, FAM HSG O&M, AF .......................................................................................................................... 331,232 331,232 
FAM HSG O&M, DW 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FAM HSG 
O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Furnishings Account ...................................................................... 4,203 4,203 
FAM HSG 
O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Leasing ........................................................................................... 51,952 51,952 
FAM HSG 
O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Maintenance of Real Property ....................................................... 1,448 1,448 
FAM HSG 
O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Management Account .................................................................... 388 388 
FAM HSG 
O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Services Account ............................................................................ 31 31 
FAM HSG 
O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Utilities Account ........................................................................... 646 646 
SUBTOTAL, FAM HSG O&M, DW ......................................................................................................................... 58,668 58,668 
TOTAL FAMILY HOUSING ............................................................................................................................... .... 1,413,181 1,413,181 
DEFENSE BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE 
DOD BRAC—ARMY 
Worldwide Unspecified 
DOD 
BRAC— ARMY Base Realignment & Closure, 
Army Base Realignment and Closure ....................................................... 29,691 29,691 
SUBTOTAL, DOD BRAC—ARMY .......................................................................................................................... 29,691 29,691 
DOD BRAC—NAVY 
Worldwide Unspecified 
DOD 
BRAC— NAVY Base Realignment & Closure, 
Navy Base Realignment & Closure .......................................................... 118,906 118,906 
DOD 
BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–100: Planing, Design and Management .................................. 7,787 7,787 
DOD 
BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–101: Various Locations ........................................................... 20,871 20,871 
DOD 
BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–138: NAS Brunswick, ME ....................................................... 803 803 
DOD 
BRAC— 
NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–157: MCSA Kansas City, MO .................................................. 41 41 
DOD 
BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–172: NWS Seal Beach, Concord, CA ........................................ 4,872 4,872 
DOD 
BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–84: JRB Willow Grove & Cambria Reg AP ............................. 3,808 3,808 
SUBTOTAL, DOD BRAC—NAVY ........................................................................................................................... 157,088 157,088 
DOD BRAC—AIR FORCE 
Worldwide Unspecified 
DOD 
BRAC— AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DoD BRAC Activities—Air Force ................................................... 64,555 64,555 
SUBTOTAL, DOD BRAC—AIR FORCE ................................................................................................................. 64,555 64,555 
TOTAL DEFENSE BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ................................................................................... 251,334 251,334 
TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, FAMILY HOUSING, AND BRAC ................................................................ 8,306,510 8,305,570 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3616 June 2, 2015 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL 
SECURITY PROGRAMS. 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Discretionary Summary By Appropriation 
Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Appropriation Summary: 
Energy Programs 
Nuclear Energy ................................................................................................................. ............................ 135,161 135,161 
Atomic Energy Defense Activities 
National nuclear security administration: 
Weapons activities ............................................................................................................. .................... 8,846,948 9,026,948 
Defense nuclear nonproliferation ............................................................................................... ............ 1,940,302 1,945,302 
Naval reactors ................................................................................................................. ....................... 1,375,496 1,375,496 
Federal salaries and expenses .................................................................................................. ............... 402,654 402,654 
Total, National nuclear security administration ....................................................................................................... 12,565,400 12,750,400 
Environmental and other defense activities: 
Defense environmental cleanup .................................................................................................. ........... 5,527,347 5,075,550 
Other defense activities ....................................................................................................... ................... 774,425 774,425 
Total, Environmental & other defense activities ...................................................................................................... 6,301,772 5,849,975 
Total, Atomic Energy Defense Activities ................................................................................................................... 18,867,172 18,600,375 
Total, Discretionary Funding ............................................................................................................................... ..... 19,002,333 18,735,536 
Nuclear Energy 
Idaho sitewide safeguards and security ......................................................................................... ........................... 126,161 126,161 
Used nuclear fuel disposition .................................................................................................. ................................. 9,000 9,000 
Total, Nuclear Energy ............................................................................................................................... ................ 135,161 135,161 
Weapons Activities 
Directed stockpile work 
Life extension programs 
B61 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... ..................... 643,300 643,300 
W76 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... .................... 244,019 244,019 
W88 Alt 370 .................................................................................................................... ................................ 220,176 220,176 
W80–4 Life extension program ................................................................................................... ................... 195,037 195,037 
Total, Life extension programs ............................................................................................................................... .. 1,302,532 1,302,532 
Stockpile systems 
B61 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................ 52,247 52,247 
W76 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ....................... 50,921 50,921 
W78 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ....................... 64,092 64,092 
W80 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ....................... 68,005 68,005 
B83 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................ 42,177 42,177 
W87 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ....................... 89,299 89,299 
W88 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ....................... 115,685 115,685 
Total, Stockpile systems ............................................................................................................................... ............ 482,426 482,426 
Weapons dismantlement and disposition 
Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ................... 48,049 48,049 
Stockpile services 
Production support ............................................................................................................. .......................... 447,527 447,527 
Research and development support ............................................................................................... ............... 34,159 34,159 
R&D certification and safety ................................................................................................... .................... 192,613 192,613 
Management, technology, and production ......................................................................................... .......... 264,994 264,994 
Total, Stockpile services ............................................................................................................................... ............ 939,293 939,293 
Nuclear material commodities 
Uranium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ....................... 32,916 32,916 
Plutonium sustainment .......................................................................................................... ..................... 174,698 174,698 
Tritium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ........................ 107,345 107,345 
Domestic uranium enrichment .................................................................................................... ................. 100,000 100,000 
Total, Nuclear material commodities ........................................................................................................................ 414,959 414,959 
Total, Directed stockpile work ............................................................................................................................... ... 3,187,259 3,187,259 
Research, development, test and evaluation (RDT&E) 
Science 
Advanced certification ......................................................................................................... ........................ 50,714 50,714 
Primary assessment technologies ................................................................................................ ................ 98,500 98,500 
Dynamic materials properties ................................................................................................... ................... 109,000 109,000 
Advanced radiography ........................................................................................................... ....................... 47,000 47,000 
Secondary assessment technologies .............................................................................................. ............... 84,400 84,400 
Total, Science ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 389,614 389,614 
Engineering 
Enhanced surety ................................................................................................................ ........................... 50,821 50,821 
Weapon systems engineering assessment technology ............................................................................... ... 17,371 17,371 
Nuclear survivability .......................................................................................................... ......................... 24,461 24,461 
Enhanced surveillance .......................................................................................................... ........................ 38,724 48,724 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3617 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Program increase ............................................................................................................... .................... [10,000 ] 
Total, Engineering ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 131,377 141,377 
Inertial confinement fusion ignition and high yield 
Ignition ....................................................................................................................... ................................. 73,334 73,334 
Support of other stockpile programs ............................................................................................ ............... 22,843 22,843 
Diagnostics, cryogenics and experimental support ............................................................................... ....... 58,587 58,587 
Pulsed power inertial confinement fusion ....................................................................................... ............. 4,963 4,963 
Joint program in high energy density laboratory plasmas ........................................................................ .. 8,900 8,900 
Facility operations and target production ...................................................................................... ............. 333,823 333,823 
Total, Inertial confinement fusion and high yield .................................................................................................... 502,450 502,450 
Advanced simulation and computing .............................................................................................. ................... 623,006 623,006 
Response Capabilities Program .................................................................................................. ........................ 0 20,000 
Supports flexible design capability for national labs .......................................................................... ......... [20,000 ] 
Advanced manufacturing 
Component manufacturing development ............................................................................................ .......... 112,256 112,256 
Processing technology development .............................................................................................. .............. 17,800 17,800 
Total, Advanced manufacturing ............................................................................................................................... . 130,056 130,056 
Total, RDT&E ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 1,776,503 1,806,503 
Readiness in technical base and facilities (RTBF) 
Operating 
Program readiness .............................................................................................................. .......................... 75,185 75,185 
Material recycle and recovery .................................................................................................. .................... 173,859 173,859 
Storage ........................................................................................................................ ................................. 40,920 40,920 
Recapitalization ............................................................................................................... ............................ 104,327 104,327 
Total, Operating ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 394,291 394,291 
Construction: 
15–D–302, TA–55 Reinvestment project, Phase 3, LANL ............................................................................ .... 18,195 18,195 
11–D–801 TA–55 Reinvestment project Phase 2, LANL .............................................................................. .... 3,903 3,903 
07–D–220 Radioactive liquid waste treatment facility upgrade project, LANL ............................................ 11,533 11 ,533 
07–D–220-04 Transuranic liquid waste facility, LANL ............................................................................ ....... 40,949 40,949 
06–D–141 PED/Construction, Uranium Capabilities Replacement Project Y–12 ............................................ 430,000 430 ,000 
04–D–125 Chemistry and metallurgy replacement project, LANL ................................................................. 155 ,610 155,610 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... .................... 660,190 660,190 
Total, Readiness in technical base and facilities ...................................................................................................... 1,054,481 1,054,481 
Secure transportation asset 
Operations and equipment ....................................................................................................... ........................... 146,272 146,272 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................ 105,338 105,338 
Total, Secure transportation asset ............................................................................................................................ 251,610 251,610 
Infrastructure and safety 
Operations of facilities 
Kansas City Plant .............................................................................................................. .......................... 100,250 100,250 
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ......................................................................................... ......... 70,671 70,671 
Los Alamos National Laboratory ................................................................................................. ................ 196,460 196,460 
Nevada National Security Site .................................................................................................. ................... 89,000 89,000 
Pantex ......................................................................................................................... ................................. 58,021 58,021 
Sandia National Laboratory ..................................................................................................... ................... 115,300 115,300 
Savannah River Site ............................................................................................................ ........................ 80,463 80,463 
Y–12 National security complex ................................................................................................. .................. 120,625 120,625 
Total, Operations of facilities ............................................................................................................................... .... 830,790 830,790 
Safety operations .............................................................................................................. ................................. 107,701 107,701 
Maintenance .................................................................................................................... ................................... 227,000 227,000 
Recapitalization ............................................................................................................... .................................. 257,724 407,724 
Increase to support deferred maintenance ....................................................................................... ............ [150,000 ] 
Construction: 
16–D–621 Substation replacement at TA–3, LANL .................................................................................. ...... 25,000 25,000 
15–D–613 Emergency Operations Center, Y–12 ..................................................................................... .......... 17,919 17,919 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... .................... 42,919 42,919 
Total, Infrastructure and safety ............................................................................................................................... .1,466,134 1,616,134 
Site stewardship 
Nuclear materials integration .................................................................................................. .......................... 17,510 17,510 
Minority serving institution partnerships program .............................................................................. ............. 19,085 19,085 
Total, Site stewardship ............................................................................................................................... .............. 36,595 36,595 
Defense nuclear security 
Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ......................... 619,891 619,891 
Construction: 
14–D–710 Device assembly facility argus installation project, NV ............................................................... . 13,000 13,000 
Total, Defense nuclear security ............................................................................................................................... . 632,891 632,891 
Information technology and cybersecurity ....................................................................................... ....................... 157,588 157,588 
Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... ................................ 283,887 283,887 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3618 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Total, Weapons Activities ............................................................................................................................... ........... 8,846,948 9,026,948 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation R&D 
Global material security ....................................................................................................... ....................... 426,751 426,751 
Material management and minimization ........................................................................................... .......... 311,584 311,584 
Nonproliferation and arms control .............................................................................................. ................. 126,703 126,703 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation R&D ........................................................................................... ............ 419,333 419,333 
Nonproliferation Construction: 
99–D–143 Mixed Oxide (MOX) Fuel Fabrication Facility, SRS ................................................................ 345,00 0 345,000 
Analysis of Alternatives ....................................................................................................... .................. 0 5,000 
Assess alternatives to MOX ..................................................................................................... ......... [5,000 ] 
Total, Nonproliferation construction ........................................................................................................................ 345,000 350,000 
Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs .................................................................................................. 1,629,371 1,634,371 
Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... ................................ 94,617 94,617 
Nuclear counterterrorism and incident response program ......................................................................... .............. 234,390 234,390 
Use of prior-year balances ..................................................................................................... ................................... –18,076 –18,076 
Subtotal, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation ............................................................................................................. 1,940,302 1,945,302 
Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation .................................................................................................................. 1,940,302 1,945,302 
Naval Reactors 
Naval reactors operations and infrastructure ................................................................................... ....................... 445,196 445,196 
Naval reactors development ..................................................................................................... ................................ 444,400 444,400 
Ohio replacement reactor systems development ................................................................................... ................... 186,800 186,800 
S8G Prototype refueling ........................................................................................................ ................................... 133,000 133,000 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ...................................... 45,000 45,000 
Construction: 
15–D–904 NRF Overpack Storage Expansion 3 ...................................................................................... ............... 900 900 
15–D–903 KL Fire System Upgrade ................................................................................................ ...................... 600 600 
15–D–902 KS Engineroom team trainer facility ................................................................................... ............... 3,100 3,100 
14–D–902 KL Materials characterization laboratory expansion, KAPL .............................................................. 30,000 30,000 
14–D–901 Spent fuel handling recapitalization project, NRF ..................................................................... ......... 86,000 86,000 
10-D–903, Security upgrades, KAPL .............................................................................................. ...................... 500 500 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... .................... 121,100 121,100 
Total, Naval Reactors ............................................................................................................................... ................ 1,375,496 1,375,496 
Federal Salaries And Expenses 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ...................................... 402,654 402,654 
Total, Office Of The Administrator ........................................................................................................................... 402,654 402,654 
Defense Environmental Cleanup 
Closure sites: 
Closure sites administration ................................................................................................... ........................... 4,889 4,889 
Hanford site: 
River corridor and other cleanup operations: 
River corridor and other cleanup operations .................................................................................... ........... 196,957 196,957 
Central plateau remediation: 
Central plateau remediation .................................................................................................... .................... 555,163 555,163 
Richland community and regulatory support ...................................................................................... ........ 14,701 14,701 
Construction: 
15–D–401 Containerized sludge removal annex, RL ................................................................................ ....... 77,016 77,016 
Total, Hanford site ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 843,837 843,837 
Idaho National Laboratory: 
Idaho cleanup and waste disposition ............................................................................................ ...................... 357,783 357,783 
Idaho community and regulatory support ......................................................................................... ................. 3,000 3,000 
Total, Idaho National Laboratory ............................................................................................................................. 360,783 360,783 
NNSA sites 
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ......................................................................................... ............... 1,366 1,366 
Nevada ......................................................................................................................... ....................................... 62,385 62,385 
Sandia National Laboratories ................................................................................................... ......................... 2,500 2,500 
Los Alamos National Laboratory ................................................................................................. ...................... 188,625 208,625 
Accelerate cleanup of transuranic waste ........................................................................................ ............. [20,000 ] 
Total, NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites ..................................................................................................................... 254,876 274,876 
Oak Ridge Reservation: 
OR Nuclear facility D & D 
OR Nuclear facility D & D ...................................................................................................... ...................... 75,958 75,958 
Construction: 
14–D–403 Outfall 200 Mercury Treatment Facility ................................................................................ .. 6,800 6,800 
Total, OR Nuclear facility D & D .............................................................................................................................. 82,758 82,758 
U233 Disposition Program ....................................................................................................... ........................... 26,895 26,895 
OR cleanup and disposition: 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3619 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
OR cleanup and disposition ..................................................................................................... ..................... 60,500 60,500 
Total, OR cleanup and disposition ............................................................................................................................ 60,500 60,500 
OR reservation community and regulatory support ................................................................................ ................ 4,400 4,400 
Solid waste stabilization and disposition 
Oak Ridge technology development ............................................................................................... ....... 2,800 2,800 
Total, Oak Ridge Reservation ............................................................................................................................... .... 177,353 177,353 
Office of River Protection: 
Waste treatment and immobilization plant 
01–D–416 A-D/ORP-0060 / Major construction ..................................................................................... ........... 595,000 595,000 
01–D–16E Pretreatment facility ................................................................................................. ................... 95,000 95,000 
Total, Waste treatment and immobilization plant ..................................................................................................... 690,000 690,000 
Tank farm activities 
Rad liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition ............................................................................ ........ 649,000 649,000 
Construction: 
15–D–409 Low Activity Waste Pretreatment System, Hanford ............................................................... 75,000 7 5,000 
Total, Tank farm activities ............................................................................................................................... ........ 724,000 724,000 
Total, Office of River protection ............................................................................................................................... 1,414,000 1,414,000 
Savannah River sites: 
Savannah River risk management operations ...................................................................................... ............. 386,652 386,652 
SR community and regulatory support ............................................................................................ .................. 11,249 11,249 
Radioactive liquid tank waste: 
Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition .................................................................... ... 581,878 581,878 
Construction: 
15–D–402—Saltstone Disposal Unit #6 ............................................................................................ ......... 34,642 34,642 
05–D–405 Salt waste processing facility, Savannah River ....................................................................... 1 94,000 194,000 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... .................... 228,642 228,642 
Total, Radioactive liquid tank waste ........................................................................................................................ 810,520 810,520 
Total, Savannah River site ............................................................................................................................... ......... 1,208,421 1,208,421 
Waste Isolation Pilot Plant 
Waste isolation pilot plant .................................................................................................... ............................. 212,600 212,600 
Construction: 
15–D–411 Safety significant confinement ventilation system, WIPP ................................................ 23,218 23,218 15–D–412 Exhaust shaft, WIPP ................................................................................................... ....... 7,500 7,500 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... .................... 30,718 30,718 
Total, Waste Isolation Pilot Plant ............................................................................................................................. 243,318 243,318 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ...................................... 281,951 281,951 
Program support ................................................................................................................ ...................................... 14,979 14,979 
Safeguards and Security: 
Oak Ridge Reservation .......................................................................................................... ............................. 17,228 17,228 
Paducah ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 8,216 8,216 
Portsmouth ..................................................................................................................... ................................... 8,492 8,492 
Richland/Hanford Site .......................................................................................................... .............................. 67,601 67,601 
Savannah River Site ............................................................................................................ ............................... 128,345 128,345 
Waste Isolation Pilot Project .................................................................................................. ........................... 4,860 4,860 
West Valley .................................................................................................................... .................................... 1,891 1,891 
Technology development ......................................................................................................... ................................. 14,510 14,510 
Subtotal, Defense environmental cleanup ................................................................................................................ 5,055,550 5,075,550 
Uranium enrichment D&D fund contribution ....................................................................................... ................... 471,797 0 
Requires industry match authorization that will not be forthcoming ............................................................. .. [–471,797 
] 
Total, Defense Environmental Cleanup .................................................................................................................... 5,527,347 5,075,550 
Other Defense Activities 
Specialized security activities ................................................................................................ ................................. 221,855 221,855 
Environment, health, safety and security 
Environment, health, safety and security ....................................................................................... ................... 120,693 120,693 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................ 63,105 63,105 
Total, Environment, Health, safety and security ...................................................................................................... 183,798 183,798 
Enterprise assessments 
Enterprise assessments ......................................................................................................... ............................. 24,068 24,068 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................ 49,466 49,466 
Total, Enterprise assessments ............................................................................................................................... .... 73,534 73,534 
Office of Legacy Management 
Legacy management .............................................................................................................. ............................ 154,080 154,080 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................ 13,100 13,100 
Total, Office of Legacy Management ......................................................................................................................... 167,180 167,180 
Defense-related activities 
Defense related administrative support 
Chief financial officer ........................................................................................................ ................................. 35,758 35,758 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3620 June 2, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Chief information officer ...................................................................................................... .............................. 83,800 83,800 
Management ..................................................................................................................... .................................. 3,000 3,000 
Total, Defense related administrative support ......................................................................................................... 122,558 122,558 
Office of hearings and appeals ................................................................................................. ................................. 5,500 5,500 
Subtotal, Other defense activities ............................................................................................................................. 774,425 774,425 
Total, Other Defense Activities ............................................................................................................................... .. 774,425 774,425 
SA 1464. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAIN and intended to be proposed to 
the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. REQUIREMENT THAT CERTAIN SHIP 
COMPONENTS BE MANUFACTURED IN THE NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY AND INDUSTRIAL BASE. 
(a) A DDITIONAL PROCUREMENT LIMITA -
TION.—Section 2534(a) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(6) C
OMPONENTS FOR AUXILIARY SHIPS .— 
Subject to subsection (k), the following com-ponents: 
‘‘(A) Auxiliary equipment, including 
pumps, for all shipboard services. 
‘‘(B) Propulsion system components, in-
cluding engines, reduction gears, and propel-lers. 
‘‘(C) Shipboard cranes. ‘‘(D) Spreaders for shipboard cranes.’’. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Such section is fur-
ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(k) I
MPLEMENTATION OF AUXILIARY SHIP 
COMPONENT LIMITATION .—Subsection (a)(6) 
applies only with respect to contracts award-ed by the Secretary of a military department for new construction of an auxiliary ship after the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 using funds available for National Defense Sealift Fund programs or Ship-building and Conversion, Navy.’’. 
SA 1465. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAIN and intended to be proposed to 
the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 718, strike ‘‘has emerged’’ on line 
15 and all that follows through ‘‘such com-petition’’ on line 17. 
SA 1466. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAIN and intended to be proposed to 
the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, 
to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 721. ESTABLISHMENT OF STRATEGIC UNI-
FORM DRUG FORMULARY FOR THE PROVISION OF HEALTH CARE SERV-ICES TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES UNDERGOING SEPARATION FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly make avail-able to individuals undergoing the transition from the receipt of health care services through the Department of Defense to the receipt of such services through the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs certain drugs, par-ticularly pain and psychiatric drugs, that are critical to the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs for the appropriate and effective provision of health care services to such individuals. 
(b) S
TRATEGIC UNIFORM FORMULARY .—In 
carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall jointly establish, and periodically update, a strategic uniform formulary for the Department of Defense and the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs that includes cer-tain drugs, particularly pain and psychiatric drugs, that the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs jointly deter-mine are critical to the Department of De-fense and the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for the appropriate and effective provi-sion of health care services to individuals de-scribed in such subsection. 
(c) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port on the establishment of the strategic uniform formulary under subsection (b). 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1467. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the 
following: SEC. 1085. MAKING PERMANENT SPECIAL EFFEC-
TIVE DATE FOR AWARDS OF DIS-ABILITY COMPENSATION BY SEC-RETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FOR VETERANS WHO SUBMIT APPLICA-TIONS FOR ORIGINAL CLAIMS THAT ARE FULLY-DEVELOPED. 
Section 5110(b)(2)(C) of title 38, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and shall not apply with respect to claims filed after the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of such Act’’. 
SEC. 1086. PROVISIONAL BENEFITS AWARDED BY 
SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS FOR FULLY DEVELOPED CLAIMS PENDING FOR MORE THAN 180 DAYS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 53 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 5319A. Provisional benefits awarded for 
fully developed claims pending for ex-tended period 
‘‘(a) P
ROVISIONAL AWARDS REQUIRED .—For 
each application for disability compensation that is filed for an individual with the Sec-retary, that sets forth an original claim that is fully-developed (as determined by the Sec-retary) as of the date of submittal, and for which the Secretary has not made a decision, beginning on the date that is 180 days after the date on which such application is filed with the Secretary, the Secretary shall award the individual a provisional benefit under this section. 
‘‘(b) P
ROVISIONAL AWARDS ESTABLISHED .—A 
provisional benefit awarded pursuant to sub-section (a) for a claim for disability com-pensation shall be for such monthly amount as the Secretary shall establish for each classification of disability claimed as the Secretary shall establish. 
‘‘(c) R
ECOVERY .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary may re-cover a payment of a provisional benefit awarded under this section for an application for disability compensation only— 
‘‘(1) in a case in which the Secretary 
awards the disability compensation for which the individual filed the application and the Secretary may only recover such provisional benefit by subtracting it from payments made for the disability compensa-tion awarded; or 
‘‘(2) in a case in which the Secretary deter-
mines not to award the disability compensa-tion for which the individual filed the appli-cation and the Secretary determines that the application was the subject of inten-tional fraud, misrepresentation, or bad faith on behalf of the individual.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 53 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5319 the following new item: 
‘‘5319A. Provisional benefits awarded for 
fully developed claims pending for extended period.’’. 
SA 1468. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAIN and intended to be proposed to 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3621 June 2, 2015 
the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title III, add the 
following: 
SEC. 355. PILOT PROGRAM FOR IMPROVING AC-
CESS TO HEALTHY FOODS AT MILI-TARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary of Defense may develop and carry out a pilot program to provide and test the effi-cacy of fruit and vegetable incentive pro-grams in improving health outcomes, pro-ducing positive behavior change, and reduc-ing diet-related diseases among members of the Armed Forces and their families. 
(b) L
OCATIONS .—The pilot program shall be 
established on not fewer than three military installations in fiscal year 2016, determined in conjunction with the Secretary of Defense and the Healthy Bases Initiative office. 
(c) A
CTIVITIES .—The pilot program shall in-
clude the following elements: 
(1) Provision of incentives for preferable 
fresh fruits and vegetables at farmers mar-kets, if established, and other food retail outlets on each military installation for en-rolled patients and their family members. 
(2) Provision of nutrition counseling for 
enrolled patients. 
(3) Provision of appropriate medical care 
and testing for enrolled patients. 
(d) C
OORDINATION .—In establishing and car-
rying out these pilot programs, the Sec-retary of Defense shall contract with an ap-propriate non-profit service provider for technical assistance, data monitoring, and evaluation. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than two years after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on activities car-ried out under the pilot program. 
SA 1469. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAINand intended to be proposed to 
the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title V, add the 
following: 
SEC. 515. EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE TO EN-
COURAGE MEMBERSHIP IN THE RE-SERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P ROGRAMS OF ASSISTANCE AUTHOR -
IZED.—Chapter 1611 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 16402. National Guard and Reserves: edu-
cational assistance to encourage member-ship 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—Each Secretary of a mili-
tary department may carry out a program to encourage membership in the reserve compo-nents of the armed forces under the jurisdic-tion of such Secretary through the provision of educational assistance to individuals who participate in such program in order to de-velop skills that are critical to such reserve components as determined by such Sec-retary. ‘‘(b) P
ARTICIPATION BY INDIVIDUALS BEFORE  
COMMENCEMENT OF GRADE 12.—(1) An indi-
vidual who is more than sixteen years of age may participate in a program under this sec-tion before commencing grade 12 in a sec-ondary school with the written consent of the individual’s parent or guardian (if the in-dividual has a parent or guardian entitled to the custody and control of the individual). 
‘‘(2) An individual who participates in a 
program under this section pursuant to para-graph (1) may complete entry level and skill training before commencing grade 12 in a secondary school. 
‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION REQUIREMENTS .—In 
carrying out a program under this section, the Secretary of a military department shall— 
‘‘(1) establish and maintain a current list 
of the skills that are, or are anticipated to become, critical to one or more reserve com-ponents under the jurisdiction of such Sec-retary; and 
‘‘(2) prescribe academic and other perform-
ance standards to be met by individuals par-ticipating in the program. 
‘‘(d) P
ARTICIPATION AGREEMENT .—An indi-
vidual who participates in a program under this section shall enter into a written agree-ment with the Secretary of the military de-partment concerned— 
‘‘(1) to enlist in or accept an appointment 
as an officer in a reserve component of the armed forces; 
‘‘(2) to complete entry level and skill train-
ing (if enlisting) or entry level training and officer candidate school (if accepting ap-pointment as an officer); 
‘‘(3) to pursue on a full-time basis a course 
of education— 
‘‘(A) leading to a bachelor’s or associate’s 
degree at an institution of higher education; or 
‘‘(B) that— ‘‘(i) is offered by an institution of higher 
education; and 
‘‘(ii) upon completion, will provide the in-
dividual with a level of education that is similar to a course of education described in subparagraph (A), as determined pursuant to subsection (c)(2); 
‘‘(4) while pursuing a course of education 
under paragraph (3), to perform such active duty for training during periods between academic terms of the institution of higher education involved as such Secretary shall specify in the agreement; and 
‘‘(5) as provided in subsection (i), to serve 
in the reserve component of the armed forces specified in such agreement for two years for each academic year for which the individual receives educational assistance under this section. 
‘‘(e) A
MOUNT OF EDUCATIONAL ASSIST -
ANCE .—The amount of educational assistance 
provided under a program under this section to an individual pursuing a course of edu-cation described in subsection (d)(3) during an academic year shall be the lesser of— 
‘‘(1) the maximum amount of in-State tui-
tion and fees assessed during such academic year for programs of education leading to a bachelor’s degree by public institutions of higher education in the State whose Na-tional Guard the individual is a member of or where the individual resides, as applica-ble; or 
‘‘(2) the amount of tuition and fees as-
sessed during such academic year for such course of education by the institution of higher education providing such course of education. 
‘‘(f) P
AYMENT OF EDUCATIONAL ASSIST -
ANCE .—(1) The Secretary of the military de-
partment concerned shall pay educational assistance to individuals participating in programs under this section on a monthly basis. ‘‘(2) The maximum number of months of 
educational assistance payable to an indi-vidual participating in a program under this section may not exceed the aggregate num-ber of months comprising four academic years at the institution or institutions at-tended by the individual pursuant to the pro-gram. 
‘‘(g) R
ESERVE STATUS .—(1) Each individual 
participating in a program under this section shall, while pursuing a course of education under such program, be the following: 
‘‘(A) A member of the inactive National 
Guard or the Individual Ready Reserve, as applicable, during academic terms of pursuit of such course of education pursuant to sub-section (d)(3). 
‘‘(B) A member of the National Guard or 
the Ready Reserve, as applicable, in active status while performing training during peri-ods between such academic terms pursuant to subsection (d)(4) 
‘‘(2) Notwithstanding status under para-
graph (1), an individual may not be called or ordered to active duty (other than active duty for training in accordance with sub-section (d)(4)) while pursuing a course of edu-cation under a program under this section. 
‘‘(h) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR OTHER EDUCATIONAL  
ASSISTANCE DURING PARTICIPATION IN PRO-
GRAM .—(1) An individual who participates in 
a program under this section is not, while so participating, eligible for educational assist-ance under any other provision of this title, any other law administered by the Secretary of Defense or the Secretaries of the military departments, any law administered by the 
Secretary of Homeland Security (with re-spect to the Coast Guard when it is not oper-ating as a service in the Navy), or any law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
‘‘(2) Any service in the armed forces by an 
individual described in paragraph (1) while participating in a program under this section shall be treated as qualifying the individual for education assistance under provisions of law referred to in that paragraph to the ex-tent provided in such provisions of law. 
‘‘(i) C
OMMENCEMENT OF SERVICE REQUIRE -
MENT .—The service requirement of an indi-
vidual pursuant to subsection (d)(5) shall commence as follows: 
‘‘(1) When the individual obtains the bach-
elor’s or associate’s degree, or completes the course of education described in subsection (d)(3)(B), for which the individual was paid educational assistance under this section. 
‘‘(2) If the individual ceases pursuit on a 
full-time basis of a course of education at an institution of higher education as agreed to pursuant to subsection (d)(3). 
‘‘(3) If the individual otherwise fails the ob-
tain a bachelor’s or associate’s degree, or course of education described in subsection (d)(3)(B), as so agreed to. 
‘‘(j) R
EPAYMENT .—An individual who par-
ticipates in a program under this section and who fails to complete the equivalent of a sin-gle academic year of education pursuant to subsection (d)(3) or complete the period of service or meet the types or conditions of serve for which educational assistance was provided the individual under the program, as specified in the written agreement of the individual under subsection (d), shall be sub-ject to the repayment provisions of section 373 of title 37. 
‘‘(k) F
UNDING .—Amounts available to the 
Secretary of the military department con-cerned for the payment of recruitment and retention bonuses and special pays shall be available to such Secretary to carry out a program under this section. 
‘‘(l) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘entry level and skill train-
ing’ means the following: 
‘‘(A) In the case of members of the Army 
National Guard of the United States or the 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3622 June 2, 2015 
Army Reserve, Basic Combat Training and 
Advanced Individual Training or One Station Unit Training. 
‘‘(B) In the case of members of the Navy 
Reserve, Recruit Training (or Boot Camp) and Skill Training (or so-called ‘A School’). 
‘‘(C) In the case of members of the Air Na-
tional Guard of the United States of the Air Force Reserve, Basic Military Training and Technical Training. 
‘‘(D) In the case of members of the Marine 
Corps Reserve, Recruit Training and Marine Corps Training (or School of Infantry Train-ing). 
‘‘(2) The term ‘institution of higher edu-
cation’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 1611 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘16402. National Guard and Reserves: edu-
cational assistance to encour-age membership.’’. 
SA 1470. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAINand intended to be proposed to 
the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1005. ECONOMICAL AND EFFICIENT OPER-
ATION OF WORKING CAPITAL FUND ACTIVITIES. 
Section 2208(e) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(e)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) The accomplishment of the most eco-
nomical and efficient organization and oper-ation of working capital fund activities for purposes of paragraph (1) shall include ac-tions toward the following: 
‘‘(A) The implementation of a workload 
plan that optimizes the efficiency of the workforce operating within a working cap-ital fund activity and reduces the rate struc-ture. 
‘‘(B) Encouraging a working capital fund 
activity to perform reimbursable work for other entities to sustain the efficient use of the workforce. 
‘‘(C) Delegating the approval process for 
the acceptance of work from other entities to the lowest level for efficient management and oversight.’’. 
SA 1471. Mr. BARRASSO submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 286, to amend the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act to provide fur-ther self-governance by Indian tribes, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Department of the Interior Tribal Self- Governance Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—INDIAN SELF-DETERMINATION 
Sec. 101. Definitions; reporting and audit re-
quirements; application of pro-visions. 
Sec. 102. Contracts by Secretary of the Inte-
rior. 
Sec. 103. Administrative provisions. Sec. 104. Contract funding and indirect 
costs. 
Sec. 105. Contract or grant specifications. 
TITLE II—TRIBAL SELF-GOVERNANCE 
Sec. 201. Tribal self-governance. 
Sec. 202. Effect of certain provisions. 
TITLE I—INDIAN SELF-DETERMINATION 
SEC. 101. DEFINITIONS; REPORTING AND AUDIT 
REQUIREMENTS; APPLICATION OF PROVISIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 4 of the Indian 
Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b) is amended by strik-ing subsection (j) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(j) ‘self-determination contract’ means a 
contract entered into under title I (or a grant or cooperative agreement used under section 9) between a tribal organization and the appropriate Secretary for the planning, conduct, and administration of programs or services that are otherwise provided to In-dian tribes and members of Indian tribes pur-suant to Federal law, subject to the condi-tion that, except as provided in section 105(a)(3), no contract entered into under title I (or grant or cooperative agreement used under section 9) shall be— 
‘‘(1) considered to be a procurement con-
tract; or 
‘‘(2) except as provided in section 107(a)(1), 
subject to any Federal procurement law (in-cluding regulations);’’. 
(b) R
EPORTING AND AUDIT REQUIREMENTS .— 
Section 5 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450c) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘after completion of the 
project or undertaking referred to in the pre-ceding subsection of this section’’ and insert-ing ‘‘after the retention period for the report that is submitted to the Secretary under subsection (a)’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘The retention period shall be defined in reg-ulations promulgated by the Secretary pur-suant to section 414.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f)(1), by inserting ‘‘if the 
tribal organization expends $500,000 or more in Federal awards during that fiscal year’’ after ‘‘under this Act,’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (b)(2) shall not take ef-fect until 14 months after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(d) A
PPLICATION OF OTHER PROVISIONS .— 
Sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 102(c), 104, 105(a)(1), 105(f), 110, and 111 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act, as amended (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) (Public Law 93–638; 88 Stat. 2203) and section 314 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 1991 (Public Law 101–512; 104 Stat. 1959), apply to compacts and funding agreements entered into under title IV. 
SEC. 102. CONTRACTS BY SECRETARY OF THE IN-
TERIOR. 
Section 102 of the Indian Self-Determina-
tion and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450f) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘eco-
nomic enterprises’’ and all that follows through ‘‘except that’’ and inserting ‘‘eco-nomic enterprises (as defined in section 3 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1452)), except that’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) G
OODFAITH REQUIREMENT .—In the ne-
gotiation of contracts and funding agree-ments, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) at all times negotiate in good faith to 
maximize implementation of the self-deter-mination policy; and 
‘‘(2) carry out this Act in a manner that 
maximizes the policy of tribal self-deter-mination, in a manner consistent with— 
‘‘(A) the purposes specified in section 3; 
and 
‘‘(B) the Department of the Interior Tribal 
Self-Governance Act of 2015. 
‘‘(g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subject to 
section 202 of the Department of the Interior Tribal Self-Governance Act of 2015, each pro-vision of this Act and each provision of a contract or funding agreement shall be lib-erally construed for the benefit of the Indian tribe participating in self-determination, and any ambiguity shall be resolved in favor of the Indian tribe.’’. 
SEC. 103. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS. 
Section 105 of the Indian Self-Determina-
tion and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450j) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), in the first sentence, 
by striking ‘‘pursuant to’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘pursuant to sections 102 and 103’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(p) I
NTERPRETATION BY SECRETARY .—Ex-
cept as otherwise provided by law (including section 202 of the Department of the Interior Tribal Self-Governance Act of 2015), the Sec-retary shall interpret all Federal laws (in-cluding regulations) and Executive orders in a manner that facilitates, to the maximum extent practicable— 
‘‘(1) the inclusion in self-determination 
contracts and funding agreements of— 
‘‘(A) applicable programs, services, func-
tions, and activities (or portions thereof); and 
‘‘(B) funds associated with those programs, 
services, functions, and activities; 
‘‘(2) the implementation of self-determina-
tion contracts and funding agreements; and 
‘‘(3) the achievement of tribal health objec-
tives. 
‘‘(q)(1) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR INTER -
NALCONTROLS .—In considering proposals for, 
amendments to, or in the course of, a con-tract under this title and compacts under ti-tles IV and V of this Act, if the Secretary de-termines that the Indian tribe lacks ade-quate internal controls necessary to manage the contracted program or programs, the Secretary shall, as soon as practicable, pro-vide the necessary technical assistance to as-
sist the Indian tribe in developing adequate internal controls. As part of that technical assistance, the Secretary and the tribe shall develop a plan for assessing the subsequent effectiveness of such technical assistance. The inability of the Secretary to provide technical assistance or lack of a plan under this subsection shall not result in the re-assumption of an existing agreement, con-tract, or compact, or declination or rejection of a new agreement, contract, or compact. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary shall prepare a report 
to be included in the information required for the reports under sections 405(b)(1) and 514(b)(2)(A). The Secretary shall include in this report, in the aggregate, a description of the internal controls that were inadequate, the technical assistance provided, and a de-scription of Secretarial actions taken to ad-dress any remaining inadequate internal controls after the provision of technical as-sistance and implementation of the plan re-quired by paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 104. CONTRACT FUNDING AND INDIRECT 
COSTS. 
Section 106(a)(3) of the Indian Self-Deter-
mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450j–1(a)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘, and’’ and in-
serting ‘‘; and’’; and 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3623 June 2, 2015 
(B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘expense re-
lated to the overhead incurred’’ and insert-ing ‘‘expense incurred by the governing body of the Indian tribe or tribal organization and any overhead expense incurred’’; 
(2) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) In calculating the reimbursement rate 
for expenses described in subparagraph (A)(ii), not less than 50 percent of the ex-penses described in subparagraph (A)(ii) that are incurred by the governing body of an In-dian tribe or tribal organization relating to a Federal program, function, service, or ac-tivity carried out pursuant to the contract shall be considered to be reasonable and al-lowable.’’. 
SEC. 105. CONTRACT OR GRANT SPECIFICATIONS. 
Section 108 of the Indian Self-Determina-
tion and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450l) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2), by inserting ‘‘sub-
ject to subsections (a) and (b) of section 102,’’ before ‘‘contain’’; 
(2) in subsection (f)(2)(A)(ii) of the model 
agreement contained in subsection (c), by in-serting ‘‘subject to subsections (a) and (b) of section 102 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450f),’’ before ‘‘such other provisions’’; and 
(3) in section 1(b)(7)(C) of the model agree-
ment contained in subsection (c), in the sec-ond sentence of the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘one performance monitoring visit’’ and inserting ‘‘two performance moni-toring visits’’. 
TITLE II—TRIBAL SELF-GOVERNANCE 
SEC. 201. TRIBAL SELF-GOVERNANCE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 401 of the Indian 
Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 458aa) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 401. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) C
OMPACT .—The term ‘compact’ means 
a self-governance compact entered into under section 404. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSTRUCTION PROGRAM ; CONSTRUCTION  
PROJECT .—The term ‘construction program’ 
or ‘construction project’ means a tribal un-dertaking relating to the administration, planning, environmental determination, de-sign, construction, repair, improvement, or expansion of roads, bridges, buildings, struc-tures, systems, or other facilities for pur-poses of housing, law enforcement, deten-tion, sanitation, water supply, education, ad-ministration, community, health, irrigation, agriculture, conservation, flood control, transportation, or port facilities, or for other tribal purposes. 
‘‘(3) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘Department’ 
means the Department of the Interior. 
‘‘(4) F UNDING AGREEMENT .—The term ‘fund-
ing agreement’ means a funding agreement entered into under section 403. 
‘‘(5) G
ROSS MISMANAGEMENT .—The term 
‘gross mismanagement’ means a significant violation, shown by a preponderance of the evidence, of a compact, funding agreement, or statutory or regulatory requirement ap-plicable to Federal funds— 
‘‘(A) for a program administered by an In-
dian tribe; or 
‘‘(B) under a compact or funding agree-
ment that results in a significant reduction of funds available for the programs assumed by an Indian tribe. 
‘‘(6) I
NHERENT FEDERAL FUNCTION .—The 
term ‘inherent Federal function’ means a Federal function that may not legally be del-egated to an Indian tribe. 
‘‘(7) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘program’ means 
any program, function, service, or activity (or portion thereof) within the Department 
that is included in a funding agreement. 
‘‘(8) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
‘‘(9) S ELF-GOVERNANCE .—The term ‘self- 
governance’ means the Tribal Self-Govern-ance Program established under section 402. 
‘‘(10) T
RIBAL SHARE .—The term ‘tribal 
share’ means the portion of all funds and re-sources of an Indian tribe that— 
‘‘(A) support any program within the Bu-
reau of Indian Affairs, the Office of the Spe-cial Trustee, or the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs; and 
‘‘(B) are not required by the Secretary for 
the performance of an inherent Federal func-tion.’’. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Section 402 of the In-
dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 458bb) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 402. TRIBAL SELF-GOVERNANCE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish and carry out a program within the Department to be known as the ‘Tribal Self- Governance Program’. 
‘‘(b) S
ELECTION OF PARTICIPATING INDIAN  
TRIBES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) E LIGIBILITY .—The Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Office of Self- Governance, may select up to 50 new Indian tribes per year from those eligible under sub-section (c) to participate in self-governance. 
‘‘(B) J
OINT PARTICIPATION .—On the request 
of each participating Indian tribe, two or more otherwise eligible Indian tribes may be treated as a single Indian tribe for the pur-pose of participating in self-governance. 
‘‘(2) O
THER AUTHORIZED INDIAN TRIBE OR  
TRIBAL ORGANIZATION .—If an Indian tribe au-
thorizes another Indian tribe or a tribal or-ganization to plan for or carry out a program on its behalf under this title, the authorized Indian tribe or tribal organization shall have the rights and responsibilities of the author-izing Indian tribe (except as otherwise pro-vided in the authorizing resolution). 
‘‘(3) J
OINT PARTICIPATION .—Two or more In-
dian tribes that are not otherwise eligible under subsection (c) may be treated as a sin-gle Indian tribe for the purpose of partici-pating in self-governance as a tribal organi-zation if— 
‘‘(A) each Indian tribe so requests; and ‘‘(B) the tribal organization itself, or at 
least one of the Indian tribes participating in the tribal organization, is eligible under sub-section (c). 
‘‘(4) T
RIBAL WITHDRAWAL FROM A TRIBAL OR -
GANIZATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An Indian tribe that 
withdraws from participation in a tribal or-ganization, in whole or in part, shall be enti-tled to participate in self-governance if the Indian tribe is eligible under subsection (c). 
‘‘(B) E
FFECT OF WITHDRAWAL .—If an Indian 
tribe withdraws from participation in a trib-al organization, the Indian tribe shall be en-titled to its tribal share of funds and re-sources supporting the programs that the In-dian tribe is entitled to carry out under the compact and funding agreement of the In-dian tribe. 
‘‘(C) P
ARTICIPATION IN SELF -GOVERNANCE .— 
The withdrawal of an Indian tribe from a tribal organization shall not affect the eligi-bility of the tribal organization to partici-pate in self-governance on behalf of one or more other Indian tribes, if the tribal organi-zation still qualifies under subsection (c). 
‘‘(D) W
ITHDRAWAL PROCESS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—An Indian tribe may, by 
tribal resolution, fully or partially withdraw its tribal share of any program in a funding agreement from a participating tribal orga-nization. ‘‘(ii) N
OTIFICATION .—The Indian tribe shall 
provide a copy of the tribal resolution de-scribed in clause (i) to the Secretary. 
‘‘(iii) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—A withdrawal under 
clause (i) shall become effective on the date that is specified in the tribal resolution and mutually agreed upon by the Secretary, the withdrawing Indian tribe, and the tribal or-ganization that signed the compact and funding agreement on behalf of the with-drawing Indian tribe or tribal organization. 
‘‘(II) N
O SPECIFIED DATE .—In the absence of 
a date specified in the resolution, the with-drawal shall become effective on— 
‘‘(aa) the earlier of— ‘‘(AA) 1 year after the date of submission 
of the request; and 
‘‘(BB) the date on which the funding agree-
ment expires; or 
‘‘(bb) such date as may be mutually agreed 
upon by the Secretary, the withdrawing In-dian tribe, and the tribal organization that signed the compact and funding agreement on behalf of the withdrawing Indian tribe or tribal organization. 
‘‘(E) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .—If an Indian 
tribe or tribal organization eligible to enter into a self-determination contract under title I or a compact or funding agreement under this title fully or partially withdraws from a participating tribal organization, the withdrawing Indian tribe— 
‘‘(i) may elect to enter into a self-deter-
mination contract or compact, in which case— 
‘‘(I) the withdrawing Indian tribe or tribal 
organization shall be entitled to its tribal share of unexpended funds and resources sup-porting the programs that the Indian tribe will be carrying out under its own self-deter-mination contract or compact and funding agreement (calculated on the same basis as the funds were initially allocated to the funding agreement of the tribal organiza-tion); and 
‘‘(II) the funds referred to in subclause (I) 
shall be withdrawn by the Secretary from the funding agreement of the tribal organiza-
tion and transferred to the withdrawing In-dian tribe, on the condition that sections 102 and 105(i), as appropriate, shall apply to the withdrawing Indian tribe; or 
‘‘(ii) may elect not to enter into a self-de-
termination contract or compact, in which case all unexpended funds and resources as-sociated with the withdrawing Indian tribe’s returned programs (calculated on the same basis as the funds were initially allocated to the funding agreement of the tribal organiza-tion) shall be returned by the tribal organi-zation to the Secretary for operation of the programs included in the withdrawal. 
‘‘(F) R
ETURN TO MATURE CONTRACT STA -
TUS.—If an Indian tribe elects to operate all 
or some programs carried out under a com-pact or funding agreement under this title through a self-determination contract under title I, at the option of the Indian tribe, the resulting self-determination contract shall be a mature self-determination contract as long as the Indian tribe meets the require-ments set forth in section 4(h). 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to partici-
pate in self-governance, an Indian tribe shall— 
‘‘(1) successfully complete the planning 
phase described in subsection (d); 
‘‘(2) request participation in self-govern-
ance by resolution or other official action by the tribal governing body; and 
‘‘(3) demonstrate, for the 3 fiscal years pre-
ceding the date on which the Indian tribe re-quests participation, financial stability and financial management capability as evi-denced by the Indian tribe having no uncor-rected significant and material audit excep-tions in the required annual audit of its self- 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3624 June 2, 2015 
determination or self-governance agree-
ments with any Federal agency. 
‘‘(d) P LANNING PHASE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An Indian tribe seeking 
to begin participation in self-governance shall complete a planning phase as provided in this subsection. 
‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—The planning phase 
shall— 
‘‘(A) be conducted to the satisfaction of the 
Indian tribe; and 
‘‘(B) include— ‘‘(i) legal and budgetary research; and ‘‘(ii) internal tribal government planning, 
training, and organizational preparation. 
‘‘(e) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the avail-
ability of appropriations, an Indian tribe or tribal organization that meets the require-ments of paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (c) shall be eligible for grants— 
‘‘(A) to plan for participation in self-gov-
ernance; and 
‘‘(B) to negotiate the terms of participa-
tion by the Indian tribe or tribal organiza-tion in self-governance, as set forth in a compact and a funding agreement. 
‘‘(2) R
ECEIPT OF GRANT NOT REQUIRED .—Re-
ceipt of a grant under paragraph (1) shall not be a requirement of participation in self-gov-ernance.’’. 
(c) F
UNDING AGREEMENTS .—Section 403 of 
the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 458cc) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary shall, 
on the request of any Indian tribe or tribal organization, enter into a written funding agreement with the governing body of the Indian tribe or the tribal organization in a manner consistent with— 
‘‘(1) the trust responsibility of the Federal 
Government, treaty obligations, and the gov-ernment-to-government relationship be-tween Indian tribes and the United States; and 
‘‘(2) subsection (b).’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘without regard to the agen-cy or office of the Bureau of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, and the Office of the Special Trustee, without regard to the agency or office of that Bureau or those Of-fices’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting 
‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) any other programs, services, func-
tions, or activities (or portions thereof) that are provided through the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, or the Office of the Spe-cial Trustee with respect to which Indian tribes or Indians are primary or significant beneficiaries;’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 405(c)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘section 413(c)’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon 
at the end; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking the semi-
colon at the end and inserting a period; and 
(D) by striking paragraphs (4) through (9); 
and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) O
THER PROVISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) E XCLUDED FUNDING .—A funding agree-
ment shall not authorize an Indian tribe to plan, conduct, administer, or receive tribal share funding under any program that— ‘‘(A) is provided under the Tribally Con-
trolled Colleges and Universities Assistance Act of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.); or 
‘‘(B) is provided for elementary and sec-
ondary schools under the formula developed under section 1127 of the Education Amend-ments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2007). 
‘‘(2) S
ERVICES , FUNCTIONS , AND RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—A funding agreement shall specify— 
‘‘(A) the services to be provided under the 
funding agreement; 
‘‘(B) the functions to be performed under 
the funding agreement; and 
‘‘(C) the responsibilities of the Indian tribe 
and the Secretary under the funding agree-ment. 
‘‘(3) B
ASE BUDGET .—A funding agreement 
shall, at the option of the Indian tribe, pro-vide for a stable base budget specifying the recurring funds (which may include funds available under section 106(a)) to be trans-ferred to the Indian tribe, for such period as the Indian tribe specifies in the funding agreement, subject to annual adjustment only to reflect changes in congressional ap-propriations. 
‘‘(4) N
O WAIVER OF TRUST RESPONSIBILITY .— 
A funding agreement shall prohibit the Sec-retary from waiving, modifying, or dimin-ishing in any way the trust responsibility of the United States with respect to Indian tribes and individual Indians that exists under treaties, Executive orders, court deci-sions, and other laws. 
‘‘(n) A
MENDMENT .—The Secretary shall not 
revise, amend, or require additional terms in a new or subsequent funding agreement without the consent of the Indian tribe, un-less such terms are required by Federal law. 
‘‘(o) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—A funding agree-
ment shall become effective on the date specified in the funding agreement. 
‘‘(p) E
XISTING AND SUBSEQUENT FUNDING  
AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) S UBSEQUENT FUNDING AGREEMENTS .— 
Absent notification from an Indian tribe that the Indian tribe is withdrawing or retro-ceding the operation of one or more pro-grams identified in a funding agreement, or unless otherwise agreed to by the parties to the funding agreement or by the nature of any noncontinuing program, service, func-tion, or activity contained in a funding agreement— 
‘‘(A) a funding agreement shall remain in 
full force and effect until a subsequent fund-ing agreement is executed, with funding paid annually for each fiscal year the agreement is in effect; and 
‘‘(B) the term of the subsequent funding 
agreement shall be retroactive to the end of the term of the preceding funding agreement for the purposes of calculating the amount of funding to which the Indian tribe is entitled. 
‘‘(2) D
ISPUTES .—Disputes over the imple-
mentation of paragraph (1)(A) shall be sub-ject to section 406(c). 
‘‘(3) E
XISTING FUNDING AGREEMENTS .—An 
Indian tribe that was participating in self- governance under this title on the date of en-actment of the Department of the Interior Tribal Self-Governance Act of 2015 shall have the option at any time after that date— 
‘‘(A) to retain its existing funding agree-
ment (in whole or in part) to the extent that the provisions of that funding agreement are not directly contrary to any express provi-sion of this title; or 
‘‘(B) to negotiate a new funding agreement 
in a manner consistent with this title. 
‘‘(4) M
ULTIYEAR FUNDING AGREEMENTS .—An 
Indian tribe may, at the discretion of the In-dian tribe, negotiate with the Secretary for a funding agreement with a term that ex-ceeds 1 year.’’. 
(d) G
ENERAL REVISIONS .—Title IV of the In-
dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 458aa et seq.) is amended by striking sections 404 through 408 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 404. COMPACTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall ne-
gotiate and enter into a written compact with each Indian tribe participating in self- governance in a manner consistent with the trust responsibility of the Federal Govern-ment, treaty obligations, and the govern-ment-to-government relationship between Indian tribes and the United States. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—A compact under sub-
section (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) specify and affirm the general terms of 
the government-to-government relationship between the Indian tribe and the Secretary; and 
‘‘(2) include such terms as the parties in-
tend shall control during the term of the compact. 
‘‘(c) A
MENDMENT .—A compact under sub-
section (a) may be amended only by agree-ment of the parties. 
‘‘(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The effective date 
of a compact under subsection (a) shall be— 
‘‘(1) the date of the execution of the com-
pact by the parties; or 
‘‘(2) such date as is mutually agreed upon 
by the parties. 
‘‘(e) D URATION .—A compact under sub-
section (a) shall remain in effect— 
‘‘(1) for so long as permitted by Federal 
law; or 
‘‘(2) until termination by written agree-
ment, retrocession, or reassumption. 
‘‘(f) E XISTING COMPACTS .—An Indian tribe 
participating in self-governance under this title, as in effect on the date of enactment of the Department of the Interior Tribal Self- Governance Act of 2015, shall have the option at any time after that date— 
‘‘(1) to retain its negotiated compact (in 
whole or in part) to the extent that the pro-visions of the compact are not directly con-trary to any express provision of this title; or 
‘‘(2) to negotiate a new compact in a man-
ner consistent with this title. 
‘‘SEC. 405. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICABILITY .—An Indian tribe and 
the Secretary shall include in any compact or funding agreement provisions that reflect the requirements of this title. 
‘‘(b) C
ONFLICTS OF INTEREST .—An Indian 
tribe participating in self-governance shall ensure that internal measures are in place to address, pursuant to tribal law and proce-dures, conflicts of interest in the administra-tion of programs. 
‘‘(c) A
UDITS .— 
‘‘(1) S INGLE AGENCY AUDIT ACT .—Chapter 75 
of title 31, United States Code, shall apply to a funding agreement under this title. 
‘‘(2) C
OST PRINCIPLES .—An Indian tribe 
shall apply cost principles under the applica-ble Office of Management and Budget cir-cular, except as modified by— 
‘‘(A) any provision of law, including sec-
tion 106; or 
‘‘(B) any exemptions to applicable Office of 
Management and Budget circulars subse-quently granted by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget. 
‘‘(3) F
EDERAL CLAIMS .—Any claim by the 
Federal Government against an Indian tribe relating to funds received under a funding agreement based on any audit under this subsection shall be subject to section 106(f). 
‘‘(d) R
EDESIGN AND CONSOLIDATION .—Except 
as provided in section 407, an Indian tribe may redesign or consolidate programs or re-allocate funds for programs in any manner that the Indian tribe determines to be in the best interest of the Indian community being served, so long as that the redesign or con-solidation does not have the effect of deny-ing eligibility for services to population 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3625 June 2, 2015 
groups otherwise eligible to be served under 
applicable Federal law, except that, with re-spect to the reallocation, consolidation, and redesign of programs described in subsection (b)(2) or (c) of section 403, a joint agreement between the Secretary and the Indian tribe shall be required. 
‘‘(e) R
ETROCESSION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An Indian tribe may 
fully or partially retrocede to the Secretary any program under a compact or funding agreement. 
‘‘(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— 
‘‘(A) A GREEMENT .—Unless an Indian tribe 
rescinds a request for retrocession under paragraph (1), the retrocession shall become effective on the date specified by the parties in the compact or funding agreement. 
‘‘(B) N
O AGREEMENT .—In the absence of a 
specification of an effective date in the com-pact or funding agreement, the retrocession shall become effective on— 
‘‘(i) the earlier of— ‘‘(I) 1 year after the date on which the re-
quest is submitted; and 
‘‘(II) the date on which the funding agree-
ment expires; or 
‘‘(ii) such date as may be mutually agreed 
upon by the Secretary and the Indian tribe. 
‘‘(f) N
ONDUPLICATION .—A funding agree-
ment shall provide that, for the period for which, and to the extent to which, funding is provided to an Indian tribe under this title, the Indian tribe— 
‘‘(1) shall not be entitled to contract with 
the Secretary for funds under section 102, ex-cept that the Indian tribe shall be eligible for new programs on the same basis as other Indian tribes; and 
‘‘(2) shall be responsible for the adminis-
tration of programs in accordance with the compact or funding agreement. 
‘‘(g) R
ECORDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Unless an Indian tribe 
specifies otherwise in the compact or fund-ing agreement, records of an Indian tribe shall not be considered to be Federal records for purposes of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) R
ECORDKEEPING SYSTEM .—An Indian 
tribe shall— 
‘‘(A) maintain a recordkeeping system; and ‘‘(B) on a notice period of not less than 30 
days, provide the Secretary with reasonable access to the records to enable the Depart-ment to meet the requirements of sections 3101 through 3106 of title 44, United States Code. 
‘‘SEC. 406. PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SEC-
RETARY. 
‘‘(a) T RUST EVALUATIONS .—A funding 
agreement shall include a provision to mon-itor the performance of trust functions by the Indian tribe through the annual trust evaluation. 
‘‘(b) R
EASSUMPTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A compact or funding 
agreement shall include provisions for the Secretary to reassume a program and associ-ated funding if there is a specific finding re-lating to that program of— 
‘‘(A) imminent jeopardy to a trust asset, a 
natural resource, or public health and safety that— 
‘‘(i) is caused by an act or omission of the 
Indian tribe; and 
‘‘(ii) arises out of a failure to carry out the 
compact or funding agreement; or 
‘‘(B) gross mismanagement with respect to 
funds transferred to an Indian tribe under a compact or funding agreement, as deter-mined by the Secretary in consultation with the Inspector General, as appropriate. 
‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall not 
reassume operation of a program, in whole or part, unless— ‘‘(A) the Secretary first provides written 
notice and a hearing on the record to the In-dian tribe; and 
‘‘(B) the Indian tribe does not take correc-
tive action to remedy the mismanagement of the funds or programs, or the imminent jeop-ardy to a trust asset, natural resource, or public health and safety. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (2), the Secretary may, on written no-tice to the Indian tribe, immediately re-assume operation of a program if— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary makes a finding of im-
minent and substantial jeopardy and irrep-arable harm to a trust asset, a natural re-source, or the public health and safety caused by an act or omission of the Indian tribe; and 
‘‘(ii) the imminent and substantial jeop-
ardy, and irreparable harm to the trust asset, natural resource, or public health and safety arises out of a failure by the Indian tribe to carry out the terms of an applicable compact or funding agreement. 
‘‘(B) R
EASSUMPTION .—If the Secretary re-
assumes operation of a program under sub-paragraph (A), the Secretary shall provide the Indian tribe with a hearing on the record not later than 10 days after the date of re-assumption. 
‘‘(c) I
NABILITY TOAGREE ON COMPACT OR  
FUNDING AGREEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) F INAL OFFER .—If the Secretary and a 
participating Indian tribe are unable to agree, in whole or in part, on the terms of a compact or funding agreement (including funding levels), the Indian tribe may submit a final offer to the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION .—Not more than 60 
days after the date of receipt of a final offer by the one or more officials designated pur-suant to paragraph (4), the Secretary shall review and make a determination with re-spect to the final offer. 
‘‘(3) E
XTENSIONS .—The deadline described 
in paragraph (2) may be extended for any length of time, as agreed upon by both the Indian tribe and the Secretary. 
‘‘(4) D
ESIGNATED OFFICIALS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall des-
ignate one or more appropriate officials in the Department to receive a copy of the final offer described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) N
O DESIGNATION .—If no official is des-
ignated, the Executive Secretariat of the Secretary shall be the designated official. 
‘‘(5) N
O TIMELY DETERMINATION .—Except as 
otherwise provided in section 202 of the De-partment of the Interior Tribal Self-Govern-ance Act of 2015, if the Secretary fails to make a determination with respect to a final offer within the period specified in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall be deemed to have agreed to the offer. 
‘‘(6) R
EJECTION OF FINAL OFFER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary rejects 
a final offer (or one or more provisions or funding levels in a final offer), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) provide timely written notification to 
the Indian tribe that contains a specific find-ing that clearly demonstrates, or that is sup-ported by a controlling legal authority, that— 
‘‘(I) the amount of funds proposed in the 
final offer exceeds the applicable funding level as determined under section 106(a)(1); 
‘‘(II) the program that is the subject of the 
final offer is an inherent Federal function or is subject to the discretion of the Secretary under section 403(c); 
‘‘(III) the Indian tribe cannot carry out the 
program in a manner that would not result in significant danger or risk to the public health or safety, to natural resources, or to trust resources; ‘‘(IV) the Indian tribe is not eligible to par-
ticipate in self-governance under section 402(c); 
‘‘(V) the funding agreement would violate 
a Federal statute or regulation; or 
‘‘(VI) with respect to a program or portion 
of a program included in a final offer pursu-ant to section 403(b)(2), the program or the portion of the program is not otherwise available to Indian tribes or Indians under section 102(a)(1)(E); 
‘‘(ii) provide technical assistance to over-
come the objections stated in the notifica-tion required by clause (i); 
‘‘(iii) provide the Indian tribe with— ‘‘(I) a hearing on the record with the right 
to engage in full discovery relevant to any issue raised in the matter; and 
‘‘(II) the opportunity for appeal on the ob-
jections raised (except that the Indian tribe may, in lieu of filing such appeal, directly proceed to initiate an action in a United States district court under section 110(a)); and 
‘‘(iv) provide the Indian tribe the option of 
entering into the severable portions of a final proposed compact or funding agreement (including a lesser funding amount, if any), that the Secretary did not reject, subject to any additional alterations necessary to con-form the compact or funding agreement to the severed provisions. 
‘‘(B) E
FFECT OF EXERCISING CERTAIN OP -
TION.—If an Indian tribe exercises the option 
specified in subparagraph (A)(iv)— 
‘‘(i) the Indian tribe shall retain the right 
to appeal the rejection by the Secretary under this section; and 
‘‘(ii) clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of subpara-
graph (A) shall apply only to the portion of the proposed final compact or funding agree-ment that was rejected by the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) B
URDEN OF PROOF .—In any administra-
tive action, hearing, or appeal or civil action brought under this section, the Secretary shall have the burden of proof— 
‘‘(1) of demonstrating, by a preponderance 
of the evidence, the validity of the grounds for a reassumption under subsection (b); and 
‘‘(2) of clearly demonstrating the validity 
of the grounds for rejecting a final offer made under subsection (c). 
‘‘(e) G
OODFAITH.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the negotiation of 
compacts and funding agreements, the Sec-retary shall at all times negotiate in good faith to maximize implementation of the self-governance policy. 
‘‘(2) P
OLICY .—The Secretary shall carry out 
this title in a manner that maximizes the policy of tribal self-governance. 
‘‘(f) S
AVINGS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To the extent that pro-
grams carried out for the benefit of Indian tribes and tribal organizations under this title reduce the administrative or other re-sponsibilities of the Secretary with respect to the operation of Indian programs and re-sult in savings that have not otherwise been included in the amount of tribal shares and other funds determined under section 408(c), except for funding agreements entered into for programs under section 403(c), the Sec-retary shall make such savings available to the Indian tribes or tribal organizations for the provision of additional services to pro-gram beneficiaries in a manner equitable to directly served, contracted, and compacted programs. 
‘‘(2) D
ISCRETIONARY PROGRAMS OF SPECIAL  
SIGNIFICANCE .—For any savings generated as 
a result of the assumption of a program by an Indian tribe under section 403(c), such savings shall be made available to that In-dian tribe. 
‘‘(g) T
RUST RESPONSIBILITY .—The Sec-
retary may not waive, modify, or diminish in any way the trust responsibility of the 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3626 June 2, 2015 
United States with respect to Indian tribes 
and individual Indians that exists under treaties, Executive orders, other laws, or court decisions. 
‘‘(h) D
ECISIONMAKER .—A decision that con-
stitutes final agency action and relates to an appeal within the Department conducted under subsection (c)(4) may be made by— 
‘‘(1) an official of the Department who 
holds a position at a higher organizational level within the Department than the level of the departmental agency in which the de-cision that is the subject of the appeal was made; or 
‘‘(2) an administrative law judge. 
‘‘(i) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subject to 
section 202 of the Department of the Interior Tribal Self-Governance Act of 2015, each pro-vision of this title and each provision of a compact or funding agreement shall be lib-erally construed for the benefit of the Indian tribe participating in self-governance, and any ambiguity shall be resolved in favor of the Indian tribe. 
‘‘SEC. 407. CONSTRUCTION PROGRAMS AND 
PROJECTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Indian tribes partici-
pating in tribal self-governance may carry out construction projects under this title. 
‘‘(b) T
RIBAL OPTION TOCARRY OUTCERTAIN  
FEDERAL ENVIRONMENTAL ACTIVITIES .—In 
carrying out a construction project under this title, an Indian tribe may, subject to the agreement of the Secretary, elect to assume some Federal responsibilities under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), the National Historic Preservation Act (16 U.S.C. 470 et seq.), and related provisions of law and regulations that would apply if the Secretary were to un-dertake a construction project, by adopting a resolution— 
‘‘(1) designating a certifying tribal officer 
to represent the Indian tribe and to assume 
the status of a responsible Federal official under those Acts or regulations; and 
‘‘(2) accepting the jurisdiction of the 
United States courts for the purpose of en-forcing the responsibilities of the certifying tribal officer assuming the status of a re-sponsible Federal official under those Acts or regulations. 
‘‘(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Notwithstanding 
subsection (b), nothing in this section au-thorizes the Secretary to include in any compact or funding agreement duties of the Secretary under the National Environmental Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), the Na-tional Historic Preservation Act (16 U.S.C. 470 et seq.), and other related provisions of law that are inherent Federal functions. 
‘‘(d) C
ODES AND STANDARDS .—In carrying 
out a construction project under this title, an Indian tribe shall— 
‘‘(1) adhere to applicable Federal, State, 
local, and tribal building codes, architec-tural and engineering standards, and applica-ble Federal guidelines regarding design, space, and operational standards, appro-priate for the particular project; and 
‘‘(2) use only architects and engineers 
who— 
‘‘(A) are licensed to practice in the State 
in which the facility will be built; and 
‘‘(B) certify that— ‘‘(i) they are qualified to perform the work 
required by the specific construction in-volved; and 
‘‘(ii) upon completion of design, the plans 
and specifications meet or exceed the appli-cable construction and safety codes. 
‘‘(e) T
RIBAL ACCOUNTABILITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out a con-
struction project under this title, an Indian tribe shall assume responsibility for the suc-cessful completion of the construction project and of a facility that is usable for the purpose for which the Indian tribe received funding. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—For each construc-
tion project carried out by an Indian tribe under this title, the Indian tribe and the Sec-
retary shall negotiate a provision to be in-cluded in the funding agreement that identi-fies— 
‘‘(A) the approximate start and completion 
dates for the project, which may extend over a period of one or more years; 
‘‘(B) a general description of the project, 
including the scope of work, references to de-sign criteria, and other terms and condi-tions; 
‘‘(C) the responsibilities of the Indian tribe 
and the Secretary for the project; 
‘‘(D) how project-related environmental 
considerations will be addressed; 
‘‘(E) the amount of funds provided for the 
project; 
‘‘(F) the obligations of the Indian tribe to 
comply with the codes referenced in sub-section (d)(1) and applicable Federal laws and regulations; 
‘‘(G) the agreement of the parties over who 
will bear any additional costs necessary to meet changes in scope, or errors or omissions in design and construction; and 
‘‘(H) the agreement of the Secretary to 
issue a certificate of occupancy, if requested by the Indian tribe, based upon the review and verification by the Secretary, to the sat-isfaction of the Secretary, that the Indian tribe has secured upon completion the review and approval of the plans and specifications, sufficiency of design, life safety, and code compliance by qualified, licensed, and inde-pendent architects and engineers. 
‘‘(f) F
UNDING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Funding appropriated for 
construction projects carried out under this title shall be included in funding agreements as annual or semiannual advance payments at the option of the Indian tribe. 
‘‘(2) A
DVANCE PAYMENTS .—The Secretary 
shall include all associated project contin-gency funds with each advance payment, and the Indian tribe shall be responsible for the management of such contingency funds. 
‘‘(g) N
EGOTIATIONS .—At the option of the 
Indian tribe, construction project funding proposals shall be negotiated pursuant to the statutory process in section 105, and any re-sulting construction project agreement shall be incorporated into the funding agreement as addenda. 
‘‘(h) F
EDERAL REVIEW AND VERIFICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—On a schedule negotiated 
by the Secretary and the Indian tribe— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary shall review and verify, 
to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that project planning and design documents pre-pared by the Indian tribe in advance of ini-tial construction are in conformity with the obligations of the Indian tribe under sub-section (d); and 
‘‘(B) before the project planning and design 
documents are implemented, the Secretary shall review and verify to the satisfaction of the Secretary that subsequent document amendments which result in a significant change in construction are in conformity with the obligations of the Indian tribe under subsection (d). 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTS .—The Indian tribe shall pro-
vide the Secretary with project progress and financial reports not less than semiannually. 
‘‘(3) O
VERSIGHT VISITS .—The Secretary may 
conduct onsite project oversight visits semi-annually or on an alternate schedule agreed to by the Secretary and the Indian tribe. 
‘‘(i) A
PPLICATION OF OTHER LAWS.—Unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Indian tribe and except as otherwise provided in this Act, no provision of the Office of Federal Procure-ment Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 401 et seq.), the Federal Acquisition Regulations issued pur-suant to that Act, or any other law or regu-lation pertaining to Federal procurement (including Executive orders) shall apply to 
any construction program or project carried out under this title. 
‘‘(j) F
UTURE FUNDING .—Upon completion of 
a facility constructed under this title, the Secretary shall include the facility among those eligible for annual operation and main-tenance funding support comparable to that provided for similar facilities funded by the Department as annual appropriations are available and to the extent that the facility size and complexity and other factors do not exceed the funding formula criteria for com-parable buildings. 
‘‘(k) A
PPLICABILITY .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section, section 202 of the Department of the Interior Tribal Self- Governance Act of 2015 applies to subsections (a) through (j). 
‘‘SEC. 408. PAYMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—At the request of the 
governing body of an Indian tribe and under the terms of an applicable funding agree-ment, the Secretary shall provide funding to the Indian tribe to carry out the funding agreement. 
‘‘(b) A
DVANCE ANNUAL PAYMENT .—At the 
option of the Indian tribe, a funding agree-ment shall provide for an advance annual payment to an Indian tribe. 
‘‘(c) A
MOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (e) 
and sections 403 and 405, the Secretary shall provide funds to the Indian tribe under a funding agreement for programs in an amount that is equal to the amount that the Indian tribe would have been entitled to re-ceive under contracts and grants under this Act (including amounts for direct program and contract support costs and, in addition, any funds that are specifically or function-ally related to the provision by the Sec-retary of services and benefits to the Indian tribe or its members) without regard to the organization level within the Department at which the programs are carried out. 
‘‘(2) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion reduces programs, services, or funds of, or provided to, another Indian tribe. 
‘‘(d) T
IMING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Pursuant to the terms of 
any compact or funding agreement entered into under this title, the Secretary shall transfer to the Indian tribe all funds pro-vided for in the funding agreement, pursuant to subsection (c), and provide funding for pe-riods covered by joint resolution adopted by Congress making continuing appropriations, to the extent permitted by such resolution. 
‘‘(2) T
RANSFERS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Depart-ment of the Interior Tribal Self-Governance Act of 2015, in any instance in which a fund-ing agreement requires an annual transfer of funding to be made at the beginning of a fis-cal year or requires semiannual or other periodic transfers of funding to be made commencing at the beginning of a fiscal year, the first such transfer shall be made not later than 10 days after the apportion-ment of such funds by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget to the Department, unless the funding agreement provides otherwise. 
‘‘(e) A
VAILABILITY .—Funds for trust serv-
ices to individual Indians shall be available under a funding agreement only to the ex-tent that the same services that would have been provided by the Secretary are provided to individual Indians by the Indian tribe. 
‘‘(f) M
ULTIYEAR FUNDING .—A funding agree-
ment may provide for multiyear funding. 
‘‘(g) L IMITATIONS ON AUTHORITY OF THE  
SECRETARY .—The Secretary shall not— 
‘‘(1) fail to transfer to an Indian tribe its 
full share of any central, headquarters, re-gional, area, or service unit office or other funds due under this title for programs eligi-ble under paragraph (1) or (2) of section 403(b), except as required by Federal law; 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3627 June 2, 2015 
‘‘(2) withhold any portion of such funds for 
transfer over a period of years; or 
‘‘(3) reduce the amount of funds required 
under this title— 
‘‘(A) to make funding available for self- 
governance monitoring or administration by the Secretary; 
‘‘(B) in subsequent years, except as nec-
essary as a result of— 
‘‘(i) a reduction in appropriations from the 
previous fiscal year for the program to be in-cluded in a compact or funding agreement; 
‘‘(ii) a congressional directive in legisla-
tion or an accompanying report; 
‘‘(iii) a tribal authorization; ‘‘(iv) a change in the amount of pass- 
through funds subject to the terms of the funding agreement; or 
‘‘(v) completion of an activity under a pro-
gram for which the funds were provided; 
‘‘(C) to pay for Federal functions, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(i) Federal pay costs; ‘‘(ii) Federal employee retirement benefits; ‘‘(iii) automated data processing; ‘‘(iv) technical assistance; and ‘‘(v) monitoring of activities under this 
title; or 
‘‘(D) to pay for costs of Federal personnel 
displaced by self-determination contracts under this Act or self-governance under this title. 
‘‘(h) F
EDERAL RESOURCES .—If an Indian 
tribe elects to carry out a compact or fund-ing agreement with the use of Federal per-sonnel, Federal supplies (including supplies available from Federal warehouse facilities), Federal supply sources (including lodging, airline transportation, and other means of transportation, including the use of inter-agency motor pool vehicles), or other Fed-eral resources (including supplies, services, and resources available to the Secretary under any procurement contracts in which the Department is eligible to participate), the Secretary shall, as soon as practicable, acquire and transfer such personnel, sup-plies, or resources to the Indian tribe under this title. 
‘‘(i) P
ROMPT PAYMENT ACT.—Chapter 39 of 
title 31, United States Code, shall apply to the transfer of funds due under a compact or funding agreement authorized under this title. 
‘‘(j) I
NTEREST OR OTHER INCOME .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An Indian tribe may re-
tain interest or income earned on any funds paid under a compact or funding agreement to carry out governmental purposes. 
‘‘(2) N
O EFFECT ON OTHER AMOUNTS .—The 
retention of interest or income under para-graph (1) shall not diminish the amount of funds an Indian tribe is entitled to receive under a funding agreement in the year the interest or income is earned or in any subse-quent fiscal year. 
‘‘(3) I
NVESTMENT STANDARD .—Funds trans-
ferred under this title shall be managed by the Indian tribe using the prudent invest-ment standard, provided that the Secretary shall not be liable for any investment losses of funds managed by the Indian tribe that are not otherwise guaranteed or insured by the Federal Government. 
‘‘(k) C
ARRYOVER OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
provision of an appropriations Act, all funds paid to an Indian tribe in accordance with a compact or funding agreement shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF CARRYOVER .—If an Indian 
tribe elects to carry over funding from 1 year to the next, the carryover shall not diminish the amount of funds the Indian tribe is enti-tled to receive under a funding agreement in that fiscal year or any subsequent fiscal year. 
‘‘(l) L
IMITATION OF COSTS.— ‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An Indian tribe shall not 
be obligated to continue performance that requires an expenditure of funds in excess of the amount of funds transferred under a compact or funding agreement. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE OF INSUFFICIENCY .—If at any 
time the Indian tribe has reason to believe that the total amount provided for a specific activity under a compact or funding agree-ment is insufficient, the Indian tribe shall provide reasonable notice of such insuffi-ciency to the Secretary. 
‘‘(3) S
USPENSION OF PERFORMANCE .—If, after 
notice under paragraph (2), the Secretary does not increase the amount of funds trans-ferred under the funding agreement, the In-dian tribe may suspend performance of the activity until such time as additional funds are transferred. 
‘‘(4) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion reduces any programs, services, or funds of, or provided to, another Indian tribe. 
‘‘(m) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .—The Office 
of Self-Governance shall be responsible for distribution of all Bureau of Indian Affairs funds provided under this title unless other-wise agreed by the parties to an applicable funding agreement. 
‘‘(n) A
PPLICABILITY .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section, section 202 of the Department of the Interior Tribal Self- Governance Act of 2015 applies to subsections (a) through (m). 
‘‘SEC. 409. FACILITATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided by law (including section 202 of the De-partment of the Interior Tribal Self-Govern-ance Act of 2015), the Secretary shall inter-pret each Federal law and regulation in a manner that facilitates— 
‘‘(1) the inclusion of programs in funding 
agreements; and 
‘‘(2) the implementation of funding agree-
ments. 
‘‘(b) R
EGULATION WAIVER .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUEST .—An Indian tribe may submit 
to the Secretary a written request for a waiver of applicability of a Federal regula-tion, including— 
‘‘(A) an identification of the specific text 
in the regulation sought to be waived; and 
‘‘(B) the basis for the request. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION BY THE SECRETARY .— 
Not later than 120 days after receipt by the Secretary and the designated officials under paragraph (4) of a request under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall approve or deny the requested waiver in writing to the Indian tribe. 
‘‘(3) E
XTENSIONS .—The deadline described 
in paragraph (2) may be extended for any length of time, as agreed upon by both the Indian tribe and the Secretary. 
‘‘(4) D
ESIGNATED OFFICIALS .—The Secretary 
shall designate one or more appropriate offi-cials in the Department to receive a copy of the waiver request described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(5) G
ROUNDS FOR DENIAL .—The Secretary 
may deny a request under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) for a program eligible under para-
graph (1) or (2) of section 403(b), only upon a specific finding by the Secretary that the identified text in the regulation may not be waived because such a waiver is prohibited by Federal law; and 
‘‘(B) for a program eligible under section 
403(c), upon a specific finding by the Sec-retary that the waiver is prohibited by Fed-eral law or is inconsistent with the express provisions of the funding agreement. 
‘‘(6) F
AILURE TO MAKE DETERMINATION .—If 
the Secretary fails to approve or deny a waiver request within the period required under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall be deemed to have approved the request. ‘‘(7) F
INALITY .—A decision of the Secretary 
under this section shall be final for the De-partment. 
‘‘SEC. 410. DISCLAIMERS. 
‘‘Nothing in this title expands or alters 
any statutory authority of the Secretary in a manner that authorizes the Secretary to enter into any agreement under section 403— 
‘‘(1) with respect to an inherent Federal 
function; 
‘‘(2) in a case in which the law establishing 
a program explicitly prohibits the type of participation sought by the Indian tribe (without regard to whether one or more In-dian tribes are identified in the authorizing law); or 
‘‘(3) that limits or reduces in any way the 
services, contracts, or funds that any other Indian tribe or tribal organization is eligible to receive under section 102 or any other ap-plicable Federal law. 
‘‘SEC. 411. DISCRETIONARY APPLICATION OF 
OTHER SECTIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in section 101(c), at the option of a par-ticipating Indian tribe or Indian tribes, any of the provisions of title I may be incor-porated in any compact or funding agree-ment under this title. 
‘‘(b) E
FFECT .—Each incorporated provision 
under subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) have the same force and effect as if set 
out in full in this title; 
‘‘(2) supplement or replace any related pro-
vision in this title; and 
‘‘(3) apply to any agency otherwise gov-
erned by this title. 
‘‘(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—If an Indian tribe 
requests incorporation at the negotiation stage of a compact or funding agreement, the incorporation shall— 
‘‘(1) be effective immediately; and ‘‘(2) control the negotiation and resulting 
compact and funding agreement. 
‘‘SEC. 412. ANNUAL BUDGET LIST. 
‘‘The Secretary shall list, in the annual 
budget request submitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, any funds proposed to be included in funding agreements authorized under this Act. 
‘‘SEC. 413. REPORTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—On January 1 of each 
year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report regarding the administration of this title. 
‘‘(2) A
NALYSIS .—Any Indian tribe may sub-
mit to the Office of Self-Governance and to the appropriate Committees of Congress a detailed annual analysis of unmet tribal needs for funding agreements under this title. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-
section (a)(1) shall— 
‘‘(1) be compiled from information con-
tained in funding agreements, annual audit reports, and data of the Secretary regarding the disposition of Federal funds; 
‘‘(2) identify— ‘‘(A) the relative costs and benefits of self- 
governance; 
‘‘(B) with particularity, all funds that are 
specifically or functionally related to the provision by the Secretary of services and benefits to self-governance Indian tribes and members of Indian tribes; 
‘‘(C) the funds transferred to each Indian 
tribe and the corresponding reduction in the Federal employees and workload; and 
‘‘(D) the funding formula for individual 
tribal shares of all Central Office funds, to-gether with the comments of affected Indian tribes, developed under subsection (d); 
‘‘(3) before being submitted to Congress, be 
distributed to the Indian tribes for comment (with a comment period of no less than 30 days); 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3628 June 2, 2015 
‘‘(4) include the separate views and com-
ments of each Indian tribe or tribal organiza-tion; and 
‘‘(5) include a list of— ‘‘(A) all such programs that the Secretary 
determines, in consultation with Indian tribes participating in self-governance, are eligible for negotiation to be included in a funding agreement at the request of a par-ticipating Indian tribe; and 
‘‘(B) all such programs which Indian tribes 
have formally requested to include in a fund-ing agreement under section 403(c) due to the special geographic, historical, or cultural significance of the program to the Indian tribe, indicating whether each request was granted or denied, and stating the grounds for any denial. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON NON-BIA, N ON-OST P RO-
GRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In order to optimize op-
portunities for including non-Bureau of In-dian Affairs and non-Office of Special Trust-ee programs in agreements with Indian tribes participating in self-governance under this title, the Secretary shall review all pro-grams administered by the Department, other than through the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs or Office of the Special Trustee, with-out regard to the agency or office concerned. 
‘‘(2) P
ROGRAMMATIC TARGETS .—The Sec-
retary shall establish programmatic targets, after consultation with Indian tribes partici-pating in self-governance, to encourage bu-reaus of the Department to ensure that an appropriate portion of those programs are available to be included in funding agree-ments. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLICATION .—The lists under sub-
section (b)(5) and targets under paragraph (2) shall be published in the Federal Register and made available to any Indian tribe par-ticipating in self-governance. 
‘‘(4) A
NNUAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall an-
nually review and publish in the Federal Register, after consultation with Indian tribes participating in self-governance, re-vised lists and programmatic targets. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—In preparing the revised 
lists and programmatic targets, the Sec-retary shall consider all programs that were eligible for contracting in the original list published in the Federal Register in 1995, ex-cept for programs specifically determined not to be contractible as a matter of law. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORT ON CENTRAL OFFICE FUNDS .— 
Not later than January 1, 2016, the Secretary shall, in consultation with Indian tribes, de-velop a funding formula to determine the in-dividual tribal share of funds controlled by the Central Office of the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs and the Office of the Special Trustee for inclusion in the compacts. 
‘‘SEC. 414. REGULATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) P ROMULGATION .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of enactment of the De-partment of the Interior Tribal Self-Govern-ance Act of 2015, the Secretary shall initiate procedures under subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, to negotiate and promulgate such regulations as are nec-essary to carry out this title. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICATION OF PROPOSED REGULA -
TIONS .—Proposed regulations to implement 
this title shall be published in the Federal Register not later than 21 months after the date of enactment of the Department of the Interior Tribal Self-Governance Act of 2015. 
‘‘(3) E
XPIRATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au-
thority to promulgate regulations under paragraph (1) shall expire on the date that is 30 months after the date of enactment of the Department of the Interior Tribal Self-Gov-ernance Act of 2015. 
‘‘(b) C
OMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) M EMBERSHIP .—A negotiated rule-
making committee established pursuant to section 565 of title 5, United States Code, to carry out this section shall have as its mem-bers only representatives of the Federal Gov-ernment and tribal government. 
‘‘(2) L
EAD AGENCY .—Among the Federal 
representatives described in paragraph (1), the Office of Self-Governance shall be the lead agency for the Department. 
‘‘(c) A
DAPTATION OF PROCEDURES .—The 
Secretary shall adapt the negotiated rule-making procedures to the unique context of self-governance and the government-to-gov-ernment relationship between the United States and Indian tribes. 
‘‘(d) E
FFECT .— 
‘‘(1) R EPEAL .—The Secretary may repeal 
any regulation that is inconsistent with this Act. 
‘‘(2) C
ONFLICTING PROVISIONS .—Subject to 
section 202 of the Department of the Interior Tribal Self-Governance Act of 2015, this title shall supersede any conflicting provision of law (including any conflicting regulations). 
‘‘(3) E
FFECTIVENESS WITHOUT REGARD TO  
REGULATIONS .—The lack of promulgated reg-
ulations on an issue shall not limit the effect or implementation of this title. 
‘‘SEC. 415. EFFECT OF CIRCULARS, POLICIES, 
MANUALS, GUIDANCE, AND RULES. 
‘‘Unless expressly agreed to by a partici-
pating Indian tribe in a compact or funding agreement, the participating Indian tribe shall not be subject to any agency circular, policy, manual, guidance, or rule adopted by the Department, except for— 
‘‘(1) the eligibility provisions of section 
105(g); and 
‘‘(2) regulations promulgated pursuant to 
section 414. 
‘‘SEC. 416. APPEALS. 
‘‘Except as provided in section 406(d), in 
any administrative action, appeal, or civil action for judicial review of any decision made by the Secretary under this title, the Secretary shall have the burden of proof of demonstrating by a preponderance of the evi-dence— 
‘‘(1) the validity of the grounds for the de-
cision; and 
‘‘(2) the consistency of the decision with 
the requirements and policies of this title. 
‘‘SEC. 417. APPLICATION OF OTHER PROVISIONS. 
‘‘Section 314 of the Department of the Inte-
rior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1991 (Public Law 101–512; 104 Stat. 1959), shall apply to compacts and funding agree-ments entered into under this title. 
‘‘SEC. 418. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
such sums as are necessary to carry out this title.’’. 
SEC. 202. EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) F UNDING AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘fund-
ing agreement’’ means a funding agreement entered into under section 403 of the ISDEAA (25 U.S.C. 458cc). 
(2) ISDEAA.—The term ‘‘ISDEAA’’ means 
the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.). 
(3) N
ON-BIA PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘non-BIA 
program’’ means all or a portion of a pro-gram, function, service, or activity that is administered by any bureau, service, office, or agency of the Department of the Interior other than through— 
(A) the Bureau of Indian Affairs; (B) the Office of the Assistant Secretary 
for Indian Affairs; or 
(C) the Office of the Special Trustee for 
American Indians. 
(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
(5) S ELF-DETERMINATION CONTRACT .—The 
term ‘‘self-determination contract’’ means a self-determination contract entered into 
under section 102 of the ISDEAA (25 U.S.C. 450f). 
(6) T
RIBAL WATER RIGHTS SETTLEMENT .— 
The term ‘‘tribal water rights settlement’’ means any settlement, compact, or other agreement expressly ratified or approved by an Act of Congress that— 
(A) includes an Indian tribe and the United 
States as parties; and 
(B) quantifies or otherwise defines any 
water right of the Indian tribe. 
(b) E
FFECT OF PROVISIONS .—Nothing in this 
Act— 
(1) modifies, limits, expands, or otherwise 
affects— 
(A) the authority of the Secretary, as pro-
vided for under the ISDEAA on the day be-fore the date of enactment of this Act, to in-clude any non-BIA program in a self-deter-mination contract under section 102(a)(1)(E) of the ISDEAA (25 U.S.C. 450f(a)(1)(E)) or a funding agreement under section 403(b)(2) or 403(c) of the ISDEAA (25 U.S.C. 458cc(b)(2), 458cc(c)); or 
(B) the implementation of any contract or 
agreement described in subparagraph (A) that is in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act; 
(2) modifies or otherwise affects the mean-
ing, application, or effect of any provision of law that— 
(A) is not contained in the ISDEAA; and (B) expressly authorizes or prohibits con-
tracting or compacting under title I or title IV of the ISDEAA with respect to a specific program or project that is identified or oth-erwise referred to in that provision of law; 
(3) modifies or otherwise affects the mean-
ing, application, or effect of, or the perform-ance required of a party to, or any payment or funding under a tribal water rights settle-ment; or 
(4) authorizes any self-determination con-
tract or funding agreement that contains one or more provisions that are inconsistent with the terms of a tribal water rights set-tlement. 
SA 1472. Mr. VITTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAINand intended to be proposed to 
the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, add 
the following: 
SEC. 884. EXCEPTION FOR ABILITYONE GOODS 
FROM AUTHORITY TO ACQUIRE GOODS AND SERVICES MANUFAC-TURED IN AFGHANISTAN, CENTRAL ASIAN STATES, AND DJIBOUTI. 
(a) E XCLUSION OF CERTAIN ITEMS NOTMAN-
UFACTURED IN AFGHANISTAN .—Section 886 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘and ex-
cept as provided in subsection (d),’’ after ‘‘subsection (b),’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(d) E
XCLUSION OF ITEMS ON THE  
ABILITY ONEPROCUREMENT CATALOG .—The re-
quirements of this section shall not apply to any good that is contained in the procure-ment catalog described in section 8503(a) of title 41.’’. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3629 June 2, 2015 
(b) E XCLUSION OF CERTAIN ITEMS NOTMAN-
UFACTURED IN CENTRAL ASIAN STATES .—Sec-
tion 801 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2399) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘and ex-
cept as provided in subsection (h),’’ after ‘‘subsection (b),’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(h) E
XCLUSION OF ITEMS ON THE  
ABILITY ONEPROCUREMENT CATALOG .—The re-
quirements of this section shall not apply to any good that is contained in the procure-ment catalog described in section 8503(a) of title 41.’’. 
(c) E
XCLUSION OF CERTAIN ITEMS NOTMAN-
UFACTURED IN DJIBOUTI .—Section 1263 of the 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3581) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘and ex-
cept as provided in subsection (g),’’ after ‘‘subsection (c),’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(g) E
XCLUSION OF ITEMS ON THE  
ABILITY ONEPROCUREMENT CATALOG .—The re-
quirements of this section shall not apply to any good that is contained in the procure-ment catalog described in section 8503(a) of title 41.’’. 
SA 1473. Mr. VITTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAINand intended to be proposed to 
the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, 
to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 38, line 12, insert after ‘‘ FIGHTER  
AIRCRAFT ’’ the following: ‘‘ AND ARMY COMBAT  
UNITS ’’. 
On page 43, between lines 3 and 4, insert 
the following: 
(e) M INIMUM NUMBER OF ARMY BRIGADE  
COMBAT TEAMS .—Section 3062 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(e)(1) Effective October 1, 2015, the Sec-
retary of the Army shall maintain a total number of brigade combat teams for the reg-ular and reserve components of the Army of not fewer than 32 brigade combat teams. 
‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘ brigade 
combat team’ means any unit that consists of— 
‘‘(A) an arms branch maneuver brigade; ‘‘(B) its assigned support units; and ‘‘(C) its assigned fire teams’’. 
(f) L
IMITATION ON ELIMINATION OF ARMY 
BRIGADE COMBAT TEAMS .— 
(1) L IMITATION .—The Secretary of the 
Army may not proceed with any decision to reduce the number of brigade combat teams for the regular Army to fewer than 32 bri-gade combat teams. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON RETIRE -
MENT .—The Secretary may not eliminate 
any brigade combat team from the brigade combat teams of the regular Army as of the date of the enactment of this Act until the later of the following: 
(A) The date that is 30 days after the date 
on which the Secretary submits the report required under paragraph (3). 
(B) The date that is 30 days after the date 
on which the Secretary certifies to the con-gressional defense committees that— 
(i) the elimination of Army brigade combat 
teams will not increase the operational risk of meeting the National Defense Strategy; 
and 
(ii) the reduction of such combat teams 
does not reduce the total number of brigade combat teams of the Army to fewer than 32 brigade combat teams. 
(3) R
EPORT ON ELIMINATION OF BRIGADE COM -
BAT TEAMS .—The Secretary shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth the following: 
(A) The rationale for any proposed reduc-
tion of the total strength of the Army, in-cluding the National Guard and Reserves, below the strength provided in subsection (e) of section 3062 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by subsection (e) of this sec-tion), and an operational analysis of the total strength of the Army that dem-onstrates performance of the designated mis-sion at an equal or greater level of effective-ness as the personnel of the Army so re-duced. 
(B) An assessment of the implications for 
the Army, the Army National Guard of the United States, and the Army Reserve of the force mix ratio of Army troop strengths and combat units after such reduction. 
(C) Such other matters relating to the re-
duction of the total strength of the Army as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(g) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—At least 90 days before the 
date on which the total strength of the Army, including the National Guard and Re-serves, is reduced below the strength pro-vided in subsection (e) of section 3062 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by sub-section (e) of this section), the Secretary of the Army, in consultation with (where appli-cable) the Director of the Army National Guard or Chief of the Army Reserve, shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on the reduction. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) A list of each major combat unit of the 
Army that will remain after the reduction, organized by division and enumerated down to the brigade combat team-level or its equivalent, including for each such brigade combat team— 
(i) the mission it is assigned to; and (ii) the assigned unit and military installa-
tion where it is based. 
(B) A list of each brigade combat team pro-
posed for disestablishment, including for each such unit— 
(i) the mission it is assigned to; and (ii) the assigned unit and military installa-
tion where it is based. 
(C) A list of each unit affected by a pro-
posed disestablishment listed under subpara-graph (B) and a description of how such unit is affected. 
(D) For each military installation and unit 
listed under subparagraph (B)(ii), a descrip-tion of changes, if any, to the designed oper-ational capability (DOC) statement of the unit as a result of a proposed disestablish-ment. 
(E) A description of any anticipated 
changes in manpower authorizations as a re-sult of a proposed disestablishment listed under subparagraph (B). 
SA 1474. Mr. COONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAINand intended to be proposed to 
the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1204 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 1204. PERMANENCE AND MODIFICATION OF 
AUTHORITIES RELATING TO NA-TIONAL GUARD STATE PARTNER-SHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Subsection (a)(1) of sec-
tion 1205 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 897; 32 U.S.C. 107 note) is amended by adding at the end before the pe-riod the following: ‘‘to support the national interests and security cooperation goals and objectives of the United States, including ap-plicable policy and guidelines for United States security sector assistance’’. 
(b) L
IMITATION .—Subsection (b) of such sec-
tion is amended by inserting ‘‘that is not’’ after ‘‘an activity that the Secretary of De-fense determines is a matter’’. 
(c) P
ROCEDURES .—Such section, as so 
amended, is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) 
through (g) as subsections (d) through (h), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) P
ROCEDURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Chief of the Na-
tional Guard Bureau shall— 
‘‘(A) establish, maintain, and update as ap-
propriate a list of core competencies to sup-port each program established under sub-section (a), collectively and for each State and territory, and shall submit for approval to the Secretary of Defense the list of core competencies and additional information needed to make use of such core com-petencies; and 
‘‘(B) designate a director for each State 
and territory who shall be responsible for the coordination of activities under a program established under subsection (a) for such State or territory and reporting on activities under the program. 
‘‘(2) M
ILITARY -TO-CIVILIAN CORE COM -
PETENCIES .—The Secretary of Defense, with 
the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may conduct an activity under a program es-tablished under subsection (a) relating to military-to-civilian core competencies.’’. 
(d) N
ATIONAL GUARD STATE PARTNERSHIP  
PROGRAM FUND.—Subsection (e) of such sec-
tion (as redesignated) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) N
ATIONAL GUARD STATE PARTNERSHIP  
PROGRAM FUND .— 
‘‘(A) E STABLISHMENT .— 
‘‘(i) B OOKS OF DOD .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), the Secretary of Defense shall es-tablish on the books of the Department of Defense a National Guard State Partnership Program Fund. 
‘‘(ii) B
OOKS OF TREASURY .—If not later than 
February 1, 2016, the Secretary determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that in the opinion of the Sec-retary a fund such as the Fund described in clause (i) should be established on the books of the Department of the Treasury, the Sec-retary of the Treasury shall establish on the books of the Treasury on that date a Fund to be known as the National Guard State Part-nership Program Fund. 
‘‘(B) C
REDITS .—In administering the Fund 
established under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall, to the extent the Secretary de-termines it to be appropriate, provide for the following amounts to be credited to the Fund: 
‘‘(i) Amounts authorized and appropriated 
to carry out operations under this section. 
‘‘(ii) Amounts that the Secretary of De-
fense transfers, in such amounts as provided in appropriations Acts, to the Fund from 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3630 June 2, 2015 
amounts authorized and appropriated to the 
Department of Defense, including amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Army National Guard and the Air National Guard. 
‘‘(C) I
NCLUSION IN ANNUAL BUDGET .—The 
President shall include the Fund established under subparagraph (A) in the budget that the President submits to Congress under sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for each fiscal year in which the authority under subsection (a) is in effect.’’. 
(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Paragraph (2)(B) of 
subsection (f) of such section (as redesig-nated) is amended— 
(1) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘or other 
government organizations’’ after ‘‘and secu-rity forces’’; 
(2) in clause (iv), by adding at the end be-
fore the period the following: ‘‘and country’’; 
(3) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘training’’ and 
inserting ‘‘activities’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) An assessment of the extent to which 
the activities conducted during the previous year met the objectives described in clause (v). 
‘‘(vii) The list of core competencies re-
quired by subsection (c)(1) and any update to any changes to the list of core competencies required by subsection (c)(1).’’. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—Subsection (h) of such 
section (as redesignated) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-
graphs (A) and (B) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) the congressional defense committees; 
and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Foreign Relations 
of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) (as 
amended) the following: 
‘‘(2) C
ORE COMPETENCIES .—The term ‘core 
competencies’ means military-to-military and military-to-civilian skills and capabili-ties of the National Guard, consistent with the roles and missions of the Armed Forces as established by the Secretary of Defense.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the several States and the District of Co-lumbia. 
‘‘(5) T
ERRITORY .—The term ‘territory’ 
means the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Virgin Islands.’’. 
(g) P
ERMANENT AUTHORITY .—Such section 
is further amended by striking subsection (i). 
SA 1475. Mr. DONNELLY (for him-
self, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. 
LEAHY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1463 submitted by Mr. M
CCAINand 
intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1116. TIERED PREFERENCE ELIGIBILITY 
FOR MEMBERS OF RESERVE COMPO-NENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P REFERENCE ELIGIBILITY FOR MEMBERS  
OFRESERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED  
FORCES .—Section 2108 of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (G)(iii), by striking 
‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (H), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (H) the 
following: 
‘‘(I) a qualified reservist;’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(3) in paragraph (5), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) ‘qualified reservist’ means an indi-
vidual who is a member of a reserve compo-nent of the Armed Forces on the date of the applicable determination— 
‘‘(A) who— ‘‘(i) has completed at least 6 years of serv-
ice in a reserve component of the Armed Forces; and 
‘‘(ii) in each year of service in a reserve 
component of the Armed Forces, was cred-ited with at least 50 points under section 12732 of title 10; or 
‘‘(B) who— ‘‘(i) has completed at least 10 years of serv-
ice in a reserve component of the Armed Forces; and 
‘‘(ii) in each year of service in a reserve 
component of the Armed Forces, was cred-ited with at least 50 points under section 12732 of title 10; and 
‘‘(7) ‘reserve component of the Armed 
Forces’ means a reserve component specified in section 101(27) of title 38.’’. 
(b) T
IERED HIRING PREFERENCE FOR MEM-
BERS OF RESERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED  
FORCES .—Section 3309 of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) a preference eligible described in sec-
tion 2108(6)(B) — 3 points; and 
‘‘(4) a preference eligible described in sec-
tion 2108(6)(A) — 2 points.’’. 
(c) GAO R
EVIEW .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that— 
(1) assesses Federal employment opportu-
nities for members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces; 
(2) evaluates the impact of the amend-
ments made by this section on the hiring of reservists and veterans by the Federal Gov-ernment; and 
(3) provides recommendations, if any, for 
strengthening Federal employment opportu-nities for members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 2, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Perspectives on the Export-Import Bank of the United States.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on 
June 2, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a Subcommittee hearing entitled ‘‘Lifeline: Improving Account-ability and Effectiveness.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 2, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 2, 2015, at 10 a.m. in room SD– 215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘ In-ternal Revenue Service Data Theft Af-fecting Taxpayer Information.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 2, 2015, at 5 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Under-standing Iran’s Nuclear Program.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 2, 2015, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The IRS Data Breach: Steps to protect Americans’ Personal Information.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 2, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SIGNING AUTHORITY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that during to-day’s session of the Senate, the junior Senator from Montana be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolu-tions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3631 June 2, 2015 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF MICHAEL KEITH 
YUDIN TO BE ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY FOR SPECIAL EDU-CATION AND REHABILITATIVE SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nomination: Cal-endar No. 79; that the Senate proceed to vote without intervening action or debate; that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order to the nomination; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nation of Michael Keith Yudin, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
further debate? 
If not, the question is, Will the Sen-
ate advise and consent to the nomina-tion of Michael Keith Yudin, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, June 3; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time of the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 11 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein, and the time be equally divided, with the majority controlling the first half and the minority controlling the final half. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it 
stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Sen-ator M
ENENDEZ and Senator M ERKLEY . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:35 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, June 3, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
MARIE THERESE DOMINGUEZ, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AD-
MINISTRATOR OF THE PIPELINE AND HAZARDOUS MATE-RIALS SAFETY ADMINISTRATION, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION, VICE CYNTHIA L. QUARTERMAN, RE-SIGNED. 
SARAH ELIZABETH FEINBERG, OF WEST VIRGINIA, TO 
BE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE FEDERAL RAILROAD ADMIN-ISTRATION, VICE JOSEPH C. SZABO, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
ROBERTA S. JACOBSON, OF MARYLAND, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE UNITED MEXICAN STATES. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. JOHN W. HESTERMAN III 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. LEELA J. GRAY 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. DONALD B. TATUM 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY E. GOWEN 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. WILLIAM A. BROWN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
KAREN M. WRANCHER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
SUSAN R. CLOFT 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be captain 
JACKY P. CHENG 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
CHARLES S. ABBOT RAFAEL A. ACEVEDO SEAN R. ANDERSON BRADLEY J. ANDROS BRAD L. ARTHUR SCOTT M. ASACK KUMAR ATARTHI ADAM M. AYCOCK 
VINCE W. BAKER JAMES S. BATES II STEWART L. BATESHANSKY DAVID E. BAUER AMY N. BAUERNSCHMIDT WILLIAM H. BAXTER BRIAN C. BECKER ANDREE E. BERGMANN ANDREW M. BIEHN BRENT M. BLACKMER PAUL D. BOWDICH ERIC J. BOWER FRANK E. BRANDON ERIC D. BRAY PHILIP M. BROCK TIMOTHY M. BROSNAN CHRISTOPHER D. BROWN BRANDON S. BRYAN ARON F. BUCKLES DAVID E. BURKE MATTHEW S. BURTON BRADLEY W. BUSCH DANIEL B. CALDWELL JOHN R. CALLAWAY GARRETT I. CAMPBELL DARRELL S. CANADY MARVIN W. CARLIN II ANDREW F. CARLSON JAMES D. CHRISTIE CHRISTOPHER F. CIGNA BENEDICT D. CLARK KYLE J. COLTON JOHN C. COMPTON MICHAEL R. CONNER MARK E. COOPER JENNIFER S. COUTURE JOHN C. COWAN CHRISTOPHER A. COX RYAN P. CROLEY WARREN E. CUPPS MICHAEL B. DAVIES TRES D. DEHAY KEVIN H. DELANO PAUL C. DEMARCELLUS JERROD E. DEVINE THOMAS J. DICKINSON MICHAEL J. DILLENDER THOMAS J. DIXON JAKE B. DOUGLAS RONALD A. DOWDELL DAVID G. DUFF JONATHAN C. DUFFY DAVID S. DULL JAMES P. DUNN III MICHAEL L. EGAN BRIAN P. ELKOWITZ BRIAN C. ERICKSON FERMIN ESPINOZA TODD M. EVANS DARIN A. EVENSON DENNIS L. FARRELL JOSEPH D. FEMINO TODD A. FIGANBAUM JOHN A. FISCHER CHRISTOPHER F. FLAHERTY STEPHEN A. FLAHERTY DEREK A. FLECK DAVID E. FOWLER BRODY L. FRAILEY FRANCIS G. FRANKY JOEY L. FRANTZEN TODD C. FREISCHLAG NICKOLAS G. GARCIA BRENT C. GAUT JOSEPH L. GEARY ROBERT E. F. GENTRY JOSEPH C. GIRARD TODD S. GLASSER NOEL D. GONZALEZ JOHN P. GREENE JAMES F. HARTMAN STEPHEN C. HAYES ROGER D. HEINKEN, JR. CHAD F. HENNINGS WILLIAM C. HERRMANN ANDREW C. HERTEL TRENTON D. HESSLINK JOHN W. HEWITT DANIEL P. HOPKINS BRIAN S. HORSTMAN JOHN L. HOWREY TODD C. HUBER JAMES E. JACOBS STEVEN M. JAUREGUIZAR ROBERT B. JOHNS DAVID E. KAUFMAN MATTHEW J. KAWAS KEVIN M. KENNEDY CHRISTOPHER A. KIJEK JONATHAN P. KLINE 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3632 June 2, 2015 
BRIAN S. KNOWLES 
JOHN N. KOCHENDORFER JUSTIN A. KUBU PAUL J. LANZILOTTA JOSHUA LASKY ERIC C. LINDFORS MARCUS LOPEZ SCOTT C. LUERS HANS E. LYNCH DANIEL P. MALATESTA DONALD W. MARKS RAYMOND B. MARSH II MICHAEL A. MARSTON 
CRAIG T. MATTINGLY EARL L. MCDOWELL LAWRENCE E. MEEHAN MICHAEL W. MEREDITH RICHARD M. MEYER ANDREW S. MILLER ANDREW T. MILLER MICHAEL J. MILLER PHILIP S. MILLER JON H. MORETTY MURZBAN F. MORRIS MARTIN J. MUCKIAN NICHOLAS A. MUNGAS WILLIAM J. P. MURPHY SEAN M. MUTH DAVID D. NEAL CHRISTOPHER M. NELSON MARK A. NICHOLSON MATTHEW R. NIEDZWIECKI PETER K. NILSEN DANIEL A. NOWICKI MICHAEL B. ODRISCOLL GERALD R. OLIN II CHESTER T. PARKS CHASE D. PATRICK CHRISTOPHER L. PESILE ROBERT E. PETERS ANDREW G. PETERSON III TRAVIS M. PETZOLDT PAUL E. PEVERLY MATTHEW A. PHILLIPS GELL T. L. PITTMAN III TIMOTHY J. POE BARTLEY A. RANDALL WILLIAM R. REED LINCOLN M. REIFSTECK RICHARD G. J. RHINEHART FRANK A. RHODES IV MATTHEW S. RICK JASON E. RIMMER JOSEPH J. RING RICHARD A. RIVERA TRISTAN G. RIZZI JESUS A. RODRIGUEZ BRADLEY N. ROSEN JOSHUA A. SAGER LUIS E. SANCHEZ, JR. ANTHONY M. SAUNDERS MARK A. SCHAFER JASON J. SCHNEIDER KEVIN P. SCHULTZ JOHN M. SEIP CHRISTOPHER M. SENENKO ERIC L. SEVERSEIKE WILLIAM K. SHAFLEY III BLANE T. SHEARON THOMAS A. SHEPPARD WILLIAM R. SHERROD THOMAS E. SHULTZ BENJAMIN A. SHUPP CRAIG C. SICOLA CLINTON T. SMITH EDWARD S. SMITH GABRIEL E. SOLTERO ERNEST L. SPENCE LOUIS J. SPRINGER BRAD L. STALLINGS CHRISTOPHER D. STONE BRENT M. STRONG LANCE E. THOMPSON JASON P. VELIVLIS MICHAEL R. VITALI ALEXIS T. WALKER WAYNE C. WALL CHARLOS D. WASHINGTON MICHAEL J. WEAVER BRIAN D. WEISS CHRISTOPHER C. WESTPHAL TODD E. WHALEN JENNIFER L. WHEREATT JENNIFER K. WILDERMAN CHRISTIAN B. WILLIAMS CHAD A. WORTHLEY STACEY W. YOPP FORREST O. YOUNG TIMOTHY H. YOUNG GREGORY M. ZETTLER DAVID G. ZOOK 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
JOHN J. ANDREW ANTHONY H. BEASTER DANIELE BRAHAM FRANCIS P. BROWN JAMES M. CARROLL DANA J. CHAPIN PATRICK M. COPELAND JAMES C. DARKENWALD ADAM J. DIAZ BRIAN D. DOHERTY GARTH H. GIMMESTAD 
LESTER ISAAC JASON M. JUERGENS DEMETRIUS D. MACK KATHLEEN L. MAHONEY THOMAS J. MCKEON II MARK G. MORAN ROBERT L. MORAN JAMES D. PAFFENROTH RICHARD E. SCHMITT MARCO D. SPIVEY GENEVIEVE G. UBINA MARK C. WADSWORTH, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
DAVID A. BACKER CARL T. BIGGS LAWRENCE BRANDON, JR. JAMES M. CENA WILLIAM B. CLEVELAND, JR. CHRISTOPHER T. CLOTFELTER JOSEPH DARCY ETHAN R. FIEDEL FRANKLIN J. GASPERETTI JONATHAN S. GIBBS CHRISTOPHER J. HALL SAMUEL H. HALLOCK DAVID G. HANTHORN ROSEMARY M. HARDESTY WILLIAM E. HARLEY SHAUN P. HAYES BRIAN D. HEBERLEY RICHARD L. HILL JOSEPH E. KLOPFER ANDREW M. LAVALLEY CLINTON T. LAWLER JOHN A. LUKACS IV ANDREW F. MAURICE MARK A. MINTON JESSE H. NICE 
DEREK T. PETERSON BRIAN E. PHILLIPS KIAH B. RAHMING MARK A. SCHUCHMANN LUIS F. SOCIAS PAUL L. STENCE, JR. JASON D. TUTHILL SCOTT E. WILLIAMS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
ANTONIO ALEMAR KYLE N. BOCKEY JOSHUA E. CALLOWAY JOSH A. CASSADA GREGORY M. HARKINS ELIZABETH A. HERNANDEZ JERIN T. JAMES SHAUN P. LYNCH DANIEL P. MARTIN BISHER F. MUFTI, JR. DAVID S. PAXTON DANIEL C. SHORT ROGER F. STANTON JAMES G. THURSTON II JOHN A. WALSH JOHN L. YOUNG III 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
LYLE P. AINSWORTH KEVIN D. BITTLE ERIC W. EDGE VICTOR M. FEAL, JR. CLAYTON B. MASSEY MARIA C. REYMAN CLAUDE E. TAYLOR III JUAN C. VARELA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
KARIN R. BURZYNSKI PATRICK L. EVANS SARAH C. HIGGINS FRANCISCO E. MAGALLON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
PAOLO CARCAVALLO, JR. VINCENT P. CHEN ROBERT E. EILERS, JR. JUSTIN D. GOSS RAJA G. HUSSAIN JESSICA Y. LIN DAVID J. MCELYEA, JR. RAMON L. MEDINA CONSTANTINE N. PANAYIOTOU TYLER R. ROSS HENRY T. SAITO MATTHEW G. ZUBLIC 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be commander 
SHELLEY D. CAPLAN JACQUELYN C. CROOK KATHRYN M. HERMSDORFER BRANDON K. MCWILLIAMS MARK MURNANE JEFFREY M. PALMER SCOTT W. PARKER FRANK D. PRICE, JR. MIKE E. SVATEK 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
AUDREY G. ADAMS DAVID S. BARNES RICHARD G. BENSING MARK L. BOGGIS SCOTT L. CONE BRIAN CONNETT ROBERT R. ELLISON III DOROTHY A. FENTON ANDREW P. GRABUS MICHAEL J. HERLANDS CLAY C. HERRING LUCAS J. HODGKINS MISTY D. HODGKINS JASON B. HOMER KENNETH W. KEMMERLY, JR. LEMUEL S. LAWRENCE MICHAEL J. MCCAFFREY ZACHARY D. MCKEEHAN PAUL N. MCKELVEY DAVID M. MICHALAK SHELLEE A. MORRIS MATTHEW S. MORTON TORIANO A. MURPHY JOHN J. NELSON STEVE J. SOLLON WILLIAM K. TIRRELL CRAIG A. WIGHTMAN JOEL A. YATES 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
EUGENE A. ALBIN EDWIN J. BERRIOSORTIZ IAN A. BROWN BOBBY T. CARMICKLE MATTHEW J. CEGELSKE MELISSA M. CLARADY WILFREDO CRUZBAEZ ERICA DOBBS CHRISTOPHER J. GOODSON CHRISTINA M. HICKS JAIME L. HILL CHRISTINA HINES MICAH R. KELLEY AARON M. LITTLEJOHN KENNETH J. MAROON SEAN F. OLONE OSCAR W. SIMMONS IV DAVID C. WEST MICHAEL R. WIDMANN DANIELLE S. WILLIAMS KENYA D. WILLIAMSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
ALLAN M. BAKER KARL L. BENDER JONATHAN V. BERIS AMANDA M. BORNGEN ANDREW W. BOYDEN LISA M. BRENNEN ERIC T. CASTILLO TIMOTHY P. CHESSER ALFRED J. CORKRAN III MITCHELL H. FINKE CATALINA L. GASPER DANIEL C. GRAY STUART A. GREEN MEGAN M. HALLINAN ROBERT J. HAMILTON MICHAEL A. HUBBARD ROBERT W. JOHNSTON JAMES H. KING DAVID C. LUNDQUIST YERODIN J. MACK PETER N. MADSON WILLIAM H. NESBITT ANDREW G. PLUMER JOSIE J. ROSLANSKY NOEL A. SAWATZKY REGINA SLAVIN RYAN C. SMITH LANCE A. TAYLOR WILLIAM R. WALSH BRADLEY J. WALTERMIRE NICK G. WICKER, JR. RICHARD M. YEATMAN DENNIS M. ZOGG 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
ROBERT E. BEATON 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3633 June 2, 2015 
ALAN D. BEATY 
JOHN F. CLARK JOSE A. COLON TRAVIS E. DAVIS STEVEN J. DWYER DAVID F. ETHERIDGE CASSIUS A. FARRELL JAMES F. FLINT STEPHEN A. FOLSOM DEAN A. GAYLE ALEJANDRO W. GRIFFEN RONNIE C. HARPER, JR. MARVIN D. HARRIS ANTHONY W. HUGHES COREY D. HURD MARK J. KAUL TIMOTHY J. KELLY MARK A. KENNEDY JOHN C. LEITNER RODERICK V. LITTLE OMAR G. MARTINEZ CHARLES G. MCDERMOTT MICHAEL L. MCDONOUGH JOSEPH T. MORRISON ROSALIND D. MORRISON ENRIQUE ORTIGUERRA MARK A. PABON ALBIN T. PEARSON DARRIN P. PITRE STEPHAN H. POMEROY DONALD B. PORTER ROCKY B. PULLEY MARSHALL G. RIGGALL ANDREW R. RINCHETTI ERIC T. RUIZ RAUL SANTOSPIEVE ANTHONY D. SCHERMERHORN GARY M. SHELLEY JOSEPH L. THOMPSON RICHARD A. THOUSAND JAMES T. UNCAPHER RONALD VIGGIANI, JR. STEPHEN M. VOSSLER CLINT J. WAGGONER JAMES L. WILLETT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
PAUL T. ANTONY ROBERT W. BJORAKER CHARLES G. BRISENO, JR. STEPHEN W. BURGHER DANIEL J. COMBS THOMAS A. DAMATO WILLIAM G. FERNANDEZ PATRICK B. GREGORY BENJAMIN T. GRIFFETH CHRISTOPHER M. HULTS JEFFREY JONES LAURENCE M. LEVETT DAVID G. MALONE MARGUERITE MCGUIGANSHUSTER ROBERT N. MCLAY DOUGLAS E. PETERSON MATTHEW T. PROVENCHER JONATHAN A. PRYOR JON H. RISLEY MARK A. SCHMIDHEISER JOSEPH E. STRAUSS KARA C. TAGGART GREGORY M. TAYLOR PETER C. WAGNER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
JEFFREY M. CLARK ALBERT H. FU DENNIS HOPKINS, JR. RODDY E. MILLER TRONG D. NGUYEN SHERMA R. SAIF SHARON S. VETTER CAROL W. WATT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
LAURA M. MUSSULMAN JENNIFER S. REED KENNETH W. WAGNER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
KERRY L. ABRAMSON JEFFREY P. AMES ROBERT ATTANASIO JAMES C. BAILEY JAMES W. CALEY KEVIN M. COMSTOCK MICHAEL E. EVERSOLE PHILIP N. FLUHR SCOTT F. HALLAUER TIMOTHY F. KEETON DONALD J. KENNEY LUIS P. LEME MARTIN T. LUNDQUIST MICHELLE M. PETTIT CHRISTOPHER L. PHILLIPS 
IAN K. THORNHILL 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
TAMBERLYNN W. BAKER DENISE R. ELLIOTT ROBIN D. GIBBS LISA M. GITTLEMAN DENISE Y. HARRINGTON CHARLENE T. HOGAN ALAN K. MINTZ ROLF MULDBAKKEN MELISSA L. ROSINE ANGELIA W. THOMPSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
SARAVOOT P. BAGWELL MICHAEL R. BERRY, JR. ROBERT G. BOH DAVID A. BUEHLER ROBERT S. CARROLL STEWART D. CLARKE RONALD R. COLEMAN PHILIP L. COYLE ANTHONY G. ERICKSON STEPHANY L. HARTSTIRN DAVID E. LUDWA DANIELLE L. PELCZARSKI JOSE M. RODRIGUEZ ALAN J. SCHMITT KATHY M. WARREN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
GREGORY T. STEHMAN RODNEY E. TUGADE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
TERRY W. EDDINGER DAVID R. GLASSMIRE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
DARYLL D. LONG WILLIAM R. MOCK, JR. JAMES A. ROBBINS MILTON W. WASHINGTON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
HOLMAN R. AGARD CHAD D. ALBOLD MICHAEL E. ALBRECHT WILLIAM J. ALLEN JASON D. ANDERSON JOHN K. ANDERSON NATHANIEL S. ANDERSON AUNTOWHAN M. ANDREWS STEPHEN ANSUINI JOSHUA A. APPEZZATO TIMOTHY D. ARBULU TIMOTHY P. ATHERTON ALEXANDER T. BAERG JOSHUA T. BAILEY MATTHEW P. BAKER PATRICK T. BAKER ADRIAN C. BAREFIELD JEREMY M. BAUER MICHAEL A. BAXTER CHRISTIAN M. BEARD MICHAEL S. BEATY RYAN T. BEATY ROBERT B. BEEMAN SHAUN M. BELLEMARE MICHAEL A. BEMIS JOHN B. BENFIELD ALBERT L. BENOIT III PETER M. BERNARD JEREMIAH J. BINKLEY MICHAEL D. BISHOP JON G. BOGER DREW A. BOROVIES DESOBRY E. BOWENS JAMES P. BRASSFIELD JACOB F. BRAUN WILBERT B. BREEDEN CHRISTOPHER R. BRENNER MICHAEL J. BRITT WILLIAM F. BRODY JOSEPH D. BROGREN CHRISTOPHER M. BROWN CHRISTOPHER V. BROWN DANIEL W. BROWN GREGORY S. BROWN JOSEPH C. BROWN III WESLEY A. BROWN JAMES M. BRUNSON CHRISTOPHER K. BRUSCA ANDREW D. BUCHER 
JASON C. BUDDE THOMAS H. BUNKER ELISHA J. BURLESON MATTHEW V. BURNS KEVIN B. CAHILL DANIEL L. CAIN JUSTIN M. CANFIELD JOSEPH J. CAPALBO RONALD D. J. CAPPELLINI HECTOR M. CARDENAS WILLIAM D. CARMACK KEVIN R. CASAGRANDE JASON C. CASSISI ANDREW M. CENISEROZ MATTHEW A. CHESTER SHAUN A. CHITTICK PETER P. CHRAPKIEWICZ ALLISON N. CHRISTY JOHN H. CIGANOVICH CLIFFORD D. CLOSE II MATTHEW A. COLE DAVID S. COLES KENNETH R. COLMAN SHAWN E. CONNIFF ANDREW N. COOK DAMON J. COOK SHANNON A. COREY CHARLES T. COURSEY JOHN R. COURTRIGHT JANUARY J. CRIVELLO KEVIN D. CULVER PETER J. CURRAN JACK E. CURTIS JASON A. DALBY JAMES A. DAVENPORT FRANK W. DAVIS, JR. LUKE H. DAVIS KEVIN T. DEAN JASON W. DEBLOCK CHRISTOPHER P. DELEON 
JEFFREY M. DEMARCO AARON P. DEMEYER PATRICK S. DENNIS JOSEPH C. DENTON CHRISTOPHER S. DENTZER MARCUS A. DEVINE MARY K. DEVINE MICHAEL R. DOLBEC JAMES A. DOMACHOWSKI MARK D. DOMENICO SEAN P. DONAGHAY CHAD R. DONNELLY MICHAEL P. DONNELLY JONAS I. DOWNING CHRISTOPHER M. DUDLEY TODD A. DUEZ JAMES A. DUNDON MICHAEL S. DWAN WILLIAM G. EASTHAM ARIC H. EDMONDSON THOMAS J. EHRING OLUKEMI O. ELEBUTE DAVID V. ELIAS PATRICK R. ELIASON THEODORE J. ELKINS ANDREW J. ELLIS PETER H. EUDY, JR. RUSSELL H. EVERITT CHARLES D. FAIRBANK JONATHAN M. FAY MARTIN N. FENTRESS, JR. ROGER C. FERGUSON MICHAEL A. FERRARA DAROL D. FIALA JUSTIN D. FISHER MICHAEL D. FISHER THOMAS P. FLAHERTY III DOYLE P. FLANNERY KELLY C. FLYNN CHRISTOPHER J. FORCH MATTHEW W. FOSTER JOSHUA P. FULLER EDWARD R. FULTZ RYAN T. FULWIDER JOHN L. GAINES III GABRIEL J. GAMMACHE NATHAN J. GAMMACHE JACK A. GARCIA RICHARD H. GARCIA ANDREW C. GASTRELL RYAN J. GAUL BRADLEY D. GEARY MARK E. GILLASPIE LEONARDO GIOVANNELLI BRIAN J. GLASER JOHN A. GOFFRIER BRUCE W. GOLDEN MICAELA K. GOLDING NATHANIEL D. GORDON JONATHAN D. GRAY MARTIN J. GRIGGS MICHAEL S. GRUELL EARL P. HADLER JOHN M. HAESLER DUSTIN R. HAGY CHRISTOPHER S. HAHN WARREN A. HAKES ANDREW B. HALL DAVID M. HALPERN JOHN M. HALTTUNEN JOHN W. HAMILTON JOSHUA S. HANES BARNET L. HARRIS II SCOTT E. HARRIS WILLIAM P. HARRIS KELLY K. HARRISON 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3634 June 2, 2015 
PAT W. HART 
WILLIAM J. HARTING PETER J. HATCHER CAMERON J. HAVLIK MICHAEL J. HAYMON, JR. LEONARD E. HAYNES ALBERT B. HEAD III CHRISTOPHER A. HEDRICK CHAD J. HEIRIGS STEPHEN J. HENZ SHAD H. HERRENKOHL CORY F. HESS STEPHEN C. HINES MATTHEW D. HOEKSTRA JEFFREY T. HOLDSWORTH SHANNON L. HOOVER NATHAN HORNBACK GEORGE A. HOWELL 
DAVID A. HULJACK ERIC A. HUNTER KEVIN INABNIT TRAVIS T. INOUYE JUSTIN T. ISSLER JEREMIAH D. JACKSON RODOLFO JACOBO ANTHONY C. JAMES DENNIS W. JENSEN JIMMIE J. JENSEN III HEATH E. JOHNMEYER COREY A. JOHNSON MICHAEL A. JOHNSON MICHAEL J. JOHNSON KELLEY T. JONES MICHAEL G. KAMAS MICHAEL P. KEAVENY GREGORY C. KEENEY JOSHUA G. KELLEY CHRISTOPHER J. KENDRICK JOHN H. KERR KENNETH M. KERR BRIAN C. KESSELRING ZACHARY S. KING ZACHARY T. KIRBY MATTHEW J. KISER ADAM M. KLEIN ANDREW J. KLUG ARAS KNASAS SCOTT C. KOCH GREGORY R. KOEPP II JOHN A. KOLLAR IV JEROD M. KONOWAL JOSEPH E. KRIEWALDT JUSTON R. KUCH JOHN E. KUTA ROBERT M. LAIRD, JR. JOHN W. LAMBERT JOHN C. LANEY III BRANDON L. LANTIS BRIAN M. LAUBER MARK W. LAWRENCE RYAN B. LEARY JULIO A. LEDESMA MATTHEW P. LEHMANN RICHARD T. LESIW KYLE P. LESLIE JASON N. LESTER CHAVIUS G. LEWIS MATTHEW H. LEWIS SEAN P. LEWIS SHAUN T. LIEB STUART G. LINDLEY ERIC A. LITTLE FRANK M. LOFORTI JENNIFER L. LORIO DEREK W. LOTHRINGER BRETT M. LUKASIK ERIK T. LUNDBERG KEVIN P. LYONS MARCUS M. MACCARIO GREGORY A. MACHI JIWAN A. MACK ROBERT F. MACYNSKI KELLY J. MAHAFFEY SEAN M. MAHONEY JUDSON D. MALLORY ALEXANDER S. MAMIKONIAN WALTER F. MANUEL MICHAEL S. MARGOLIUS KEITH E. MARINICS ROBERT J. MARSH MATTHEW V. MARTIN MATTHEW G. MAXWELL JUSTIN T. MCCAFFREE STEVEN J. MCCAULEY COREY S. MCCOLLUM BRETT M. MCDANIEL ROBERT W. MCFARLIN IV JOSEPH A. MCGRAW II PATRICK M. MCKENNA ERIC W. MCQUEEN KEVIN M. MEINERT TERRY E. MENTEER, JR. BRIAN D. MERRIMAN BRETT M. MESKIMEN KRISTOPHER K. MEYER MATTHEW C. MEYERS JEREMY A. MILLER MARK J. MILLER 
LESLIE A. MINTZ CHRISTOPHER M. MIRANDA LENARD C. MITCHELL MICHAEL S. MITCHELL PATRICK L. MITCHELL NICHOLAS L. MOLLENHAUER MICHAEL K. MORELAND MATTHEW J. MORGAN PETER A. MORGAN JAMES B. MORRISON THOMAS K. MORROW II MICHAEL G. MORTENSEN JASON E. MUCH MATTHEW L. MUEHLBAUER KURT J. MUHLER SEAN P. MULROONEY MICAH D. MURPHY 
EDWARD H. MURRAY IV MICHAEL J. NANOFF DAVID F. NASH JOHN M. NEUHART II MATTHEW L. NICHOLAS SCOTT C. NIETZEL NOEL M. NORTON ROBERT L. NOWLIN KEVIN B. OBRIEN SHAWN P. OCONNOR MICHAEL J. ODONNELL JAMES B. ODONOVAN PATRICK R. OLOUGHLIN MATTHEW C. OLSON TIMOTHY L. OSBORNE EDWIN E. OSTROOT II MANUEL J. PARDO EDDIE J. PARK WILLIAM G. PARKHURST WAYNE A. PATRAS DAVID L. PAYNE, JR. KYLE PEITZMEIER ROBERT J. PEREZ AARON C. PETERSON KEITH A. PETERSON JOHN T. PIANETTA THOMAS P. PICKERING EDWARD J. PLEDGER CORY D. POPE JONATHAN M. POWERS TIMOTHY J. POWERS JAMES R. PROUTY, JR. JESSE C. PRUETT CHRISTOPHER M. PURCELL THEODORE M. O. QUIDEM EDWARD M. RAISNER JOHN L. RANDAZZO JAMES D. RAYMOND TARA A. REFO DAVID L. REYES RONEL C. REYES TIMOTHY L. RHATIGAN JOHN P. RILEY GLENN P. RIOUX DENNIS B. RIPPY II NATHANIEL J. ROBBINS MORGAN D. ROBERTS MARK T. ROBINSON ANTHONY A. ROJAS PRESTON J. ROLAND ROBERT W. ROSE ADAM C. ROSENSWEET GIANCARLO ROSSI CHAD J. ROUM NATHAN L. ROWAN FRANK J. RYAN III CHRISTOPHER R. RYDER DOUGLAS R. SATTLER, JR. JON P. SCHAFFNER MATTHEW T. SCHLARMANN NATHAN K. SCHNEIDER KEITH SCHROEDER ERICH C. SCHWARZ ANTHONY A. SCIGLIANO CLAYTON G. SHANE ZOE B. SHERMAN NATHANIEL R. SHICK AARON D. SHIFFER JOSEPH B. SHIPP LEROY M. SHOESMITH, JR. NICHOLAS C. SMETANA MATTHEW A. SMIDT LAWRENCE P. SMITH NATHANIEL C. SPURR ZACHARY S. STANG JOHN B. STANTON SHANNON M. STANTON JUSTIN E. STEENSON AXEL L. STEINER ERIK S. STINSON MICHAEL A. STOKER MICHAEL J. STRAUSS JAMES A. STRICKLAND ABRAM M. STROOT CHARLES M. SUBBIONDO PATRICK J. SULLIVAN CHRISTOPHER R. SWANSON MARK A. SWINGER DAVID N. TAFT MATTHEW W. TALLYN 
STEVEN TARR III TROY T. TARTAGLIA CHERIE TAYLOR THOMAS G. TAYLOR CHRISTOPHER J. TEJEDA RUSSELL P. THIEM JOHN E. THOE ERIK M. THOMAS JENNIFER L. THOMAS ERIC C. THOMPSON JASON D. THOMPSON MATTHEW F. THOMPSON GLENN R. TODD JAMES J. TOMASZESKI ROBBY D. TROTTER SHIPOR TSUI JASON L. TUMLINSON CLIFF J. UDDENBERG ANTHONY R. UNIEWSKI, JR. STACY L. UTTECHT JOEL S. UZARSKI WARREN VANALLEN HENRY S. VASQUEZ III ANNA E. VILLALPANDO JOHN C. VINSON, JR. MATHIAS J. VORACHEK JASON D. WALKER EMILY M. WALL EDWARD F. WARD III JASON J. WARD ROBERT WEBSTER DAVID J. WEGMUELLER THOMAS G. WEILER MATTHEW S. WELLMAN MARK A. WEYMOUTH DAVID W. WHETSTONE DOUGLAS M. WHITE LYNDEN D. WHITMER, JR. SHANNON L. WIENS TY C. WIESE ROBIN V. WILHELM JASON A. WILKERSON ROBERT A. WILKERSON ROBERT A. WILLIAMS RUSTY J. WILLIAMSON JASON K. WILSON BRITTON D. WINDELER LEONARD A. WISE III CHADRICK O. WITHROW RICHARD J. WITT NICHOLAS F. WOODWORTH MATTHEW W. WRIGHT STACY M. WUTHIER JOSHUA D. WYNN JARED W. WYRICK NICHOLAS T. WYZEWSKI ROBERT D. YOUNG TYSON M. YOUNG MARK E. ZEMATIS 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-
POINTMENT IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
ROBERT A. PETERSEN 
To be major 
SEAN P. COX JONATHAN M. GEORGE BRANDON P. LOKEY GENE C. WYNNE 
f 
CONFIRMATION 
Executive nomination confirmed by 
the Senate June 2, 2015: 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
MICHAEL KEITH YUDIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA, TO BE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR SPECIAL EDU-CATION AND REHABILITATIVE SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL 
Executive Message transmitted by 
the President to the Senate on June 2, 2015 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tion: 
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATION OF STUART MAC-
KENZIE HATCHER, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON MAY 7, 2015. 
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E811 June 2, 2015 
HONORING NAN M CEVOY 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Nan McEvoy, who passed away on March 26, 2015 at her home in San Francisco at the age of 95. A trailblazer and tour-de- force in every aspect of her life, Mrs. McEvoy left a lasting impact on family, friends, col-leagues, and community. 
Mrs. McEvoy occupies, in particular, a spe-
cial place in the hearts of Marin County resi-dents. Along with serving as Chairwoman of the San Francisco Chronicle, a leader in sev-eral philanthropic causes, and a lifelong advo-cate for women’s rights, Mrs. McEvoy also ran an olive farm near Petaluma. Originally in-tended as a getaway for her family to experi-ence the beauty Northern California offers, McEvoy Ranch today produces high-quality oils and body care products for specialty stores across the nation. 
While Mrs. McEvoy’s time in Marin rep-
resents just a slice of her collective achieve-ments, it’s an apt metaphor for the remarkable life she led. When she first proposed the idea to grow olives, people told her that it wouldn’t work—that she should use the land for cattle, perhaps. She ignored her critics, and moved forward with her original plan. Today, McEvoy Ranch now grows more than 18,000 trees and receives accolades from national media and local voices alike. In Mrs. McEvoy’s way, though, her efforts have not just proven suc-cessful financially, but also for our community as a whole. The ranch uses certified organic farming practices, produces its own compost, and—as of 2009—meets half its electrical needs with an on-site windmill, the first pri-vately-owned turbine of its size in the county. 
Nan McEvoy was a leader in our community 
and a voice for the underserved. While her professional success was remarkable, it’s her passion for life and compassion for others that will endure. It is therefore appropriate that we pay tribute to her today and express our deep-est condolences to her son and grandchildren. 
f 
THE PASSING OF BARBARA 
LUMPKINS 
HON. JOHN P. SARBANES 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, Barbara 
Lumpkins, a longtime champion for children with disabilities who spent many years as an activist for adoption for special needs children, passed away on May 24, 2015. In keeping with that deep commitment, she and her hus-band adopted four children into their family along with their two birth children. She was an active, consistent, positive, caring adult pres-ence for children in the Irvington community 
since she and her family moved there in 1970. Her smile and her large heart will be greatly missed, but her presence will continue to be felt in the many people she supported and in-spired over the years. Please join me in ex-pressing sympathies and thanks to her family for this remarkable life. 
f 
AZERBAIJAN REPUBLIC DAY 
COMMEMORATION 
HON. RYAN K. ZINKE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, today I celebrate 
with Azerbaijanis around the world in the com-memoration of Republic Day. On May 28, 1918, the people of Azerbaijan declared inde-pendence from Russia, becoming the first Muslim democratic secular country in the re-gion. Although the country temporarily lost its independence due to Soviet aggression, it re-gained full independence in 1990. 
Since regaining independence, Azerbaijan 
has been one of America’s closest allies in the Middle East. Throughout Operation Enduring Freedom, Azerbaijan worked closely with our armed forces against radical Islamic terrorists in Afghanistan. Not only did Azerbaijani forces fight along-side our forces, but they also pro-vided crucial refueling, landing, and airspace rights for our armed forces. Over a third of all non-lethal equipment for our troops in Afghani-stan went through Azerbaijan. Our military co-operation with Azerbaijan was strengthened in 2011, and remains vital today. 
Today we see the Middle East under attack. 
Terrorist groups with no regard for human life have torn the region apart. Now, more than ever, we see the tremendous importance for a close ally. We are extremely fortunate to have that ally in Azerbaijan. 
I ask that my colleagues to join me today in 
celebrating Azerbaijan’s independence and thanking them for their strong partnership. 
f 
HONORING OFFICER DAVID REED 
OF THE MONTGOMERY COUNTY POLICE DEPARTMENT 
HON. JOHN K. DELANEY 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
recognize and honor Officer David Reed of the Montgomery County Police Department for his heroic actions in saving the life of an infant. 
Our police make it their job to protect our 
communities, a job that can require an officer to put their life on the line or to save some-body else’s. On May 8, Officer Reed’s work to protect and serve required split-second deci-sion making, quick action, and extraordinary skill under pressure. On duty in Silver Spring, Maryland, Officer 
Reed discovered a woman crying over her two-month old baby. The child had stopped breathing. Reed quickly assessed the situation and took action, giving the infant two-fingered CPR. After several chest compressions, the child began to breathe again. 
Today, the baby is alive and back with her 
family, thanks to Officer Reed. 
Reed is a hero in our state, and I ask that 
you and my other distinguished colleagues help me in honoring Officer Reed, not just for his work to save one life, but for his work to protect the lives of people in our state every day. Thank you, Officer Reed. Your service to our community will not be forgotten. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NORTHAMPTON 
COMMUNITY COLLEGE’S WASH-INGTON, D.C. VISIT 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker. I want to acknowl-
edge the two-day visit to the nation’s capital by administrators, faculty and students of Northampton Community College (NCC), which has three campuses in northeastern Pennsylvania. Led by President Dr. Mark Erickson, the delegation toured the U.S. Cap-itol and other historical sites throughout the city, and incorporated lessons on the benefits of being involved in government and advo-cacy. 
Just Born Quality Confections in Beth-
lehem—makers of the popular Peeps and other delicious candies that are made in my District—was the lead sponsor of their trip. Matt Pye, Vice President of Trade Relations & Corporate Affairs, hosted the group at the Na-tional Confectioners Association (NCA) to out-line career opportunities and explain the asso-ciation’s advocacy agenda of NCA’s member companies. Joining Dr. Erickson on the NCC trip were: 
Students: Andreola, Brandon—Liberal Arts, Political 
Science—Effort, PA 
Barksdale, Khabira—Secondary Edu-
cation—East Stroudsburg, PA 
Berry, Stephen—Liberal Arts, Political 
Science—Kunkletown, PA 
Cimera, Rachel—Secondary Education— 
Bethlehem, PA 
Galarza, Jose—Biological Science—Easton, 
PA 
Garcia-Caro, Elisabet—Liberal Arts, Political 
Science—Allentown, PA 
Grifone, Patrick—Business Administration— 
Easton, PA 
Joseph, Fitzgerald—Biological Science— 
Henryville, PA 
Martinez, Brandy—Liberal Arts, Sociology— 
Blakeslee, PA 
Maxwell, Emmanuel—Biological Science— 
Easton, PA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:18 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02JN8.001 E02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E812 June 2, 2015 
Perez, Stephanie—Theatre—Bethlehem, PA 
Rahming, Rodney—Business Administra-
tion—East Stroudsburg, PA 
Reahl, Rachel—General Studies/Veteri-
nary—Bethlehem, PA 
Rosengarten, Aaron—Liberal Arts, Political 
Science—Easton, PA 
Soltys, Adam—Web Development—North-
ampton, PA 
Staff: Bohr, Deb—Director, Center for Civic and 
Community Engagement 
Saturen, Myra—Writer/Editor Walz, Rebecca—Director, Alumni Engage-
ment and Annual Fund 
Whitaker, Helene—Vice President, Adminis-
trative Affairs 
Alumni: Glick, Cindy—Northampton Community Col-
lege Alumna 1992 
I would like to commend schools at all lev-
els that come to Washington, D.C. for a mix of education, history and advocacy. Civic edu-cation and citizen engagement are vital to our democracy, and I am delighted my staff and I were part of NCC’s visit. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE SAN ELIZARIO 
HIGH SCHOOL EAGLES STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. WILL HURD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to the San Elizario High School Eagles for their victory in the Texas Class 4A Boys State Soccer Championship. Hard work and dedication over the years led the Eagles to this victory and allowed them to finish out the season with eighteen wins, four losses and three ties. The journey started in 2009 and culminated on April 17, 2015, when the Eagles secured their win against the Lib-erty Hill Panthers with a 4 to 2 victory. 
Eight years ago, the Eagles won sectional 
rounds, beating the state champs at Del Valle High School. The next year, they secured a district championship and Area title. Following a winning season, they earned three playoff trophies in 2013. With successes like these behind them, they went into this season with an unmatched drive to win. On that Friday in April, when the final score showed 4 to 2, the roar in the stands could be heard throughout the city. The wishes of good luck from citizens across San Elizario were received, and the Eagles delivered. 
Our District expands from San Antonio to El 
Paso, and within its vast area lies San Elizario, home to 13,000. The city is beaming with pride for the team, the young men’s fam-ily and friends, and their high school. For every member of the team, there were count-less community members supporting them in the stands as they went on to win game after game in the playoffs, culminating with the rais-ing of the trophy. In a city with a small popu-lation, the Eagles have created a lasting leg-acy that will not be forgotten. 
The Eagles’ level of excellence as a whole 
is a reflection of the individual players and their desire for success and dedication to hard work. Head Coach Max Sappenfield was able to lead the Eagles, and the young men dem-onstrated to him and each other the kind of 
teamwork worthy of a state championship. This victory is a result not only from talent, but also from hours spent on the field, the stra-tegic planning behind each game, and fine tuning the skills of each player. The Eagles’ dedication and sacrifices have truly paid off, and is a source of pride for the entire city and the 23rd Congressional District of Texas. It is my honor to represent San Elizario High School, and I wish continued success to the team and each of its members in their future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING CHRISTINA MILIAN 
HON. PETE AGUILAR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
honor the life and work of Christina Milian, a community activist and philanthropist from California’s Inland Empire. As a local business owner, Christina Milian’s dedication to her work and support of those around her in the San Bernardino and Rialto areas served as an inspiration to her friends, family, and neigh-bors. 
While she was certainly an accomplished 
businesswoman, Christina Milian was most widely known for her selfless acts and devo-tion to local organizations. She was a philan-thropist to the very core. Christina was an avid supporter and organizer for groups including Les Confrer Auxiliary, the Assistance League of San Bernardino, and the Inland Women Fighting Cancer. 
While Christina is gone, her legacy and 
work will live on through the lives she touched. She was an inspiration to all who knew her. Christina will be dearly missed by her husband of thirty-five years, Arthur T. Milian; two sons Michael and Jonathan, grandchildren Isaiah, Ava and Caleb; her mother Juanita, her sib-lings Ray, Maryann, and Carol; as well as the entire San Bernardino County community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 85TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF PARSONS & ASSOCI-ATES, INC. 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the 85th anniversary of Parsons & Associates, Inc. of Syracuse, New York. Es-tablished in 1930, Parsons & Associates, Inc. has grown to become a third generation family business, insuring Syracuse’s businesses and families. 
The company was founded by John C. Par-
sons upon his graduation from the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Busi-ness. The business began as a life insurance agency and now offers a complete range of in-surance options. 
I’m proud to recognize Parsons & Associ-
ates, Inc. for the long standing success of their business in the 24th District. Parsons & Associates, Inc. epitomizes the strength and character of local, family-owned businesses across Central New York. HONORING GLENN D. STEELE JR., 
MD, PHD 
HON. TOM MARINO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
order to recognize Glenn D. Steele Jr., MD, PhD, President and Chief Executive Officer of Geisinger Health System, an integrated health services organization in central and north-eastern Pennsylvania nationally recognized for its innovative use of the electronic health records and the development and implementa-tion of innovative care models. 
Geisinger Health System, founded in 1915 
by Abigail Geisinger, has grown to be one of the nation’s largest rural health services orga-nizations serving more than 3 million residents throughout 48 counties in central, south-cen-tral and northeast Pennsylvania. 
When Dr. Glenn Steele began his tenure in 
2001 as Geisinger Health System’s CEO, there were just over 7,000 employees, includ-ing 540 physicians. Under his leadership Geisinger has grown tremendously. It is now comprised of approximately 23,500 employ-ees, including a 1,200-member multi-specialty group practice, nine hospital campuses, two research centers and a 467,000-member health plan, all of which leverage an estimated $7.7 billion positive impact on the Pennsyl-vania economy. 
The health system and the health plan have 
repeatedly garnered national accolades for in-tegration, quality and service. In addition to fulfilling its patient care mission, Geisinger has a long-standing commitment to medical edu-cation, research and community service. 
On behalf of all Pennsylvanians, I am 
pleased to recognize Dr. Glenn Steele for im-proving the quality of life for citizens through his leadership and contributions to health care innovation. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF MRS. 
SHIRLEY A. HALBEISEN 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of my dear friend Mrs. Shirley A. Halbeisen. Mrs. Halbeisen was highly re-garded in her community for her volunteerism at the Hayes Research Library, her dedication to her beauty salon, and most of all the love she possessed for her family and friends. 
Mrs. Halbeisen was born in Riley Township 
in Sandusky County in 1928. She was a proud graduate of Clyde High School and attended Tiffin University in 1945, where she was trained in Civilian Employment for the Air Technical Service Command nearing the end of World War II. Following her training she worked for American Airlines in New York City until she returned to her home in Ohio. After successfully graduating from Fremont Beauty School, she opened her own business, Shirl- Lon Coiffures in Lindsay. 
She married her dear husband, Bernard 
Henry Halbeisen, on September 27, 1947. In their fifty-five joyous years of marriage they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:18 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02JN8.005 E02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E813 June 2, 2015 
had five children. Mrs. Halbeisen frequently 
volunteered at the Hayes Research Library where she worked as a genealogist for many years. Her dedication and volunteerism were always commended by her neighbors and friends. 
Shirley’s love for her friends and family, 
dedication to her work and education, and commitment to the Hayes Research Library, all highlight a few of the qualities we all love and will miss most. She is survived by her five children Rynda, Veda, Renee, Brock, and Cana; her brother Tomas; her twelve grand-children; and her ten great-grandchildren. Shir-ley was a beloved part of our community, and she will be deeply missed. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF CHRISTIAN R. 
LONG 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize 
the life of Christian R. Long. 
Unfortunately, but fittingly, Mr. Long passed 
away over the Memorial Day weekend, our solemn holiday for remembrance and recogni-tion of the heroes who made the ultimate sac-rifice for our freedom. 
Mr. Long saw front-line service in Europe 
with the 44th Infantry Division during World War II. Raised in Lebanon County, which is home to many people of Pennsylvania Ger-man (Dutch) ancestry, Mr. Long was also as-signed as a German-language interpreter. What could be more Pennsylvanian? 
After the war, he was determined to learn a 
trade. He worked as a carpenter for over 40 years building and renovating homes and other properties for Carlos Adams in Hershey, Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Long, who was known as ‘‘Christ’’ (pro-
nounced ‘‘Krist ″), was a lifetime member of 
The American Legion. He enjoyed gardening, hunting, fishing, and trapping. His carpentry skills and love of the outdoors enabled him and his sons to buy land and build a hunting cabin, primarily using recycled building mate-rials, in Sullivan County, Pennsylvania. He also built his own home, as well as con-structed and renovated residences, decks and boat docks for his children. 
Born on March 12, 1924 in Harpers, Penn-
sylvania, he was the son of the late Christian Adam Long, Sr. and Mary Hoover Long. He grew up in Lawn, Pennsylvania. Mr. Long was a devoted father and husband; he and Pearl Weaver Long of Palmyra were married April 27, 1947 and she preceded him in death on January 14, 1995. They reared their family in Campbelltown, Pennsylvania. He is survived by four children, seven grandchildren, five great grandchildren, six step-grandchildren and five great step grandchildren. 
Ronald Reagan aptly recognized in his first 
inaugural address that, ‘‘Those who say that we’re in a time when there are not heroes, they just don’t know where to look.’’ Mr. Long was one of those everyday heroes who made our country the great nation it is today. STRENGTHENING FISHING COMMU-
NITIES AND INCREASING FLEXI-BILITY IN FISHERIES MANAGE-MENT ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, June 1, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1335) to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fisher-men, and for other purposes: 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I rise today 
deeply disappointed that the Magnuson-Ste-vens reauthorization before us does not follow in its long-held tradition of thoughtful biparti-sanship. 
The bill before us would roll back protec-
tions our citizens enjoy under the National En-vironmental Policy Act, the Endangered Spe-cies Act, the National Marine Sanctuaries Act, and the Antiquities Act. This bill would remove requirements that prevent overfishing, thereby preventing us from enjoying the benefits of healthy fisheries. We cannot simply wish for more fish in the ocean, we must create the conditions that make it possible. 
Magnuson should promote innovation and 
responsible flexibility, while ensuring we have the resources to obtain the best data possible to make informed decisions about one of our most precious economic and food resources— our fisheries. 
This is the kind of flexibility my bill, the 
Rhode Island Fishermen’s Fairness Act, would provide. My bill would create two new spots for Rhode Island on the Mid-Atlantic Fisheries Management Council. 
Rhode Island lands more Mid-Atlantic-regu-
lated species than any other state in the Mid- Atlantic region besides New Jersey. Our cir-cumstance parallels that of Florida and North Carolina, which each have voting membership on two different fishery management councils. 
The decisions of the Mid-Atlantic Council di-
rectly affect the success of Rhode Island’s fishing industry and the ability of our fishermen to maintain their businesses, and they deserve a say in how those resources are managed. 
We all believe that Magnuson can be im-
proved. The last Magnuson reauthorization was a bipartisan and widely supported bill. I am sorry to say that this bill does not follow the same path, and it is not a bill I can sup-port. 
I look forward to working with Mr. G
RIJALVA  
and my Republican colleagues on a bipartisan product which includes provisions our fisher-men need and support, like H.R. 2541, the Rhode Island Fishermen’s Fairness Act. 
f 
HONORING MSGT. JERIS DAVIS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I stand to honor a public servant in the field of law enforcement, MSgt. Jeris Davis. Mr. Davis is from Shaw, MS. There are many capacities in which one can 
be a public servant, each one requiring certain talent and passion for the position. Environ-ment plays a big role in preparing people for their destiny. MSgt. Davis’ family and home environment was that of a middle class work-ing family. His father, Warren Davis, worked at Dixie Tobacco and Candy Company in Shaw for over 40 years. His mother, Ruth Davis had two jobs: she was employed with the Shaw Sewing Factory and Lewis Grocery Ware-house in Indianola for over 30 years. 
MSgt. Davis had influence all around him: 
His grandmother, Mattie Davis; aunts: Judy Freeman and Mildred Johnson; and several of his uncles, all were important role models. Warren Davis, his father, and his uncle, Frank Freeman, were members of the Shaw Volun-teer Fire Department. At the age of 12, while still in elementary school, they would take him to the fire department with them on weekends, which was his reward for good grades and good behavior. Those visits to the fire depart-ment, watching his dad and uncle, and com-munity men work around the fire, created a desire in him to do the same. 
MSgt. Davis continued this for years, volun-
teering to clean the equipment, listening to the firemen talk, learning how to operate the equipment, and developing the skills of a fire-man. In fact, many people actually thought he was a fireman for the city, because he would be at all the fires (e.g., spraying water, pulling down equipment, always asking the firemen to let him go into the fire and rescue someone). Those opportunities fueled his desire, even more, to help and serve the public, especially in Shaw. 
MSgt. Davis graduated from Shaw High 
School and went on to join many organiza-tions and clubs that focused on some role of public service. Through this he was able to develop more skills and leadership ability, all the time preparing him for a career in public service. 
MSgt. Davis held down two jobs, and even-
tually, became a member of the Shaw Volun-teer Fire Department and a dispatcher for the Shaw Police Department. From there in 1992 he became an equipment operator for the Mis-sissippi State Highway Department, while con-tinuing his role as a member of the fire depart-ment. The year 1998 was the beginning of MSgt. Davis’ career as a professional in law enforcement. His resume of experience and accomplishments include: 
1998 Year: Completion of the Mississippi 
Law Enforcement Training Academy, 1998 Year: Police Officer, City of Shaw Police De-partment, 1992 Year: Highway Officer for the Mississippi Department of Transportation (MDOT), 2000 Year: MDOT Honor Guard Offi-cer representing Fallen Law Enforcement Offi-cers in Washington, DC, 2001 Year: Comple-tion of the Mississippi Bureau of Narcotics Training Academy, 2003 Year: Completion of the Mississippi Highway Patrol Cadet School, 2009 Year: US Marshal Gulf Coast Regional Fugitive Taskforce, Oxford, MS, created by Congress, and 2013 Year: Completion of the Mississippi Certified Investigators Program, Pearl, MS. 
MSgt. Davis has recently been promoted to 
Master Sergeant within the Mississippi High-way Patrol. In this capacity he is assigned to the Mississippi Bureau of Investigation as an investigator. MSgt. Davis is often assigned to special assignments because of the various 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:18 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02JN8.011 E02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E814 June 2, 2015 
trainings and acquired knowledge of expertise. 
Some of those assignments are: narcotic in-vestigations, high level fugitive investigations and searches, and special homicide cases. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in honoring MSgt. Jeris Davis for his dedica-tion and service as a public servant in the field of law enforcement. I am proud to have him as a resident of the Mississippi Second Con-gressional District. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 300TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE BOROUGH OF CHATHAM 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize a very special occasion for the Borough of Chatham, New Jersey. Lo-cated in Morris County, the Borough is cele-brating the 300th Anniversary of its establish-ment. 
Prior to the first colonial settlers arriving in 
the area in 1680, the Lenni-Lenape Indians helped create trails that would eventually lead Europeans to the area in 1680. In 1715, a land transaction gave 1,200 acres to John Budd, a Philadelphia merchant who would farm the land. Just six years later, that same merchant owned all of the land of what today is the Borough of Chatham. 
In 1773, the name Chatham was given to 
the village in honor of William Pitt, the first Earl of Chatham. During the Revolutionary War, Chatham played an instrumental role in the success of the Colonists. Not only did Chatham and surrounding towns help stop fur-ther westward British advancement, but it was also used to fool the enemy. General Wash-ington constructed a full-scale base of oper-ations including brick ovens large enough to appear to be able to bake 3,000 loaves of bread to feed the troops. 
What is seen as the most important event in 
Chatham’s history occurred on September 14, 1837. This is when the first steam train of the Morris & Essex Railroad Company arrived in the Borough. This event improved both com-merce and travel time to all towns along the line. 
On March 1, 1897, Chatham became the 
first New Jersey village to become incor-porated as a borough. The improvements of electric lights, water and sewage plants, instal-lation of gas lines, and even the beautification efforts can be attributed to the first council of the Borough and its first Mayor, Frederick H. Lum. The Borough has continued to grow and flourish. 
In 2005, Chatham was named ‘‘One of the 
Top Ten Places to Live in the United States’’ by Money Magazine. Chatham’s rich history and patriotic residents make Chatham Bor-ough an extraordinary community in our na-tion. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in congratulating Chatham for its 300 year Anniversary of its establishment, and wish the Borough and its residents many more years of continued success and celebration. HONORING THE TEXAS COUNTY 
MEMORIAL HOSPITAL 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Texas County Memorial Hospital in Houston, Missouri. 
Texas County has reported 29 tornados 
since 1950, five in the last eight years. With this, the Texas County Memorial Hospital saw great need for a way to protect citizens during severe weather, and a great opportunity with their hospital. From there, in 2013, the idea of a community safe room was born. After secur-ing state and federal grants, as well as dona-tions from community members, and just over a year and a half of construction, the project is complete and ready for use. 
The safe room has 4,000 square feet of cli-
mate-controlled space that is designed to with-stand 250 mile per hour winds and provide shelter for up to 462 people. The safe room will be great for the Houston area in times of emergency. Additionally, the safe room can be utilized as a meeting space during non-threat-ening weather times, which provides an even greater asset to the Houston community. 
For the many years of service to others and 
commitment to future safety, it is my pleasure to recognize the Texas County Memorial Hos-pital of Houston before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CDR KERWIN E. 
MILLER, USN (RET.) 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
speak to a changing era in the District of Co-lumbia. Tonight, at the Columbia Heights Edu-cation Campus, CDR Kerwin E. Miller, USNR, Ret., Chair of our District of Columbia Service Academy Selection Board, conducts his last Service Academy College ceremony as Chair for recognition of new appointees to the Serv-ice Academies and recruitment of District of Columbia high school students for future years. After 10 distinguished years of service as Chair, CDR Miller passes his baton to David P. Gragan, our current Vice Chair. 
CDR Miller, a graduate of U.S. Naval Acad-
emy Class of ’75, joined the Service Academy Selection Board under my predecessor, Walter Fauntroy, in 1986. He has served during my congressional service since 1991 as a board member, as Vice-Chair, and since 2005, as chairman. 
In those 10 years, CDR Miller has directed 
his formidable energies toward District of Co-lumbia students, encouraging them to join him on the road leading to the inestimable oppor-tunities afforded by an appointment to one of the five Service Academies of United States. 
During his service, CDR Miller has been an 
inspirational figure and a highly effective chair. Not long ago, for example, there were years in which few, if any, students from the D.C. pub-lic schools applied for the nominations. As al-ways, we were pleased and proud to have our private and parochial school students. Tonight, 
D.C. will feast on a more diverse harvest of CDR Miller’s leadership as he and I present certificates of appointment to the U.S. Military, U.S. Naval, U.S. Coast Guard, and U.S. Air Force academies to nine D.C. students. Four of our appointees attended D.C. public schools and one attended a D.C. public char-ter school. 
When CDR Miller becomes Chairman Emer-
itus of our Selection Board, he will not ‘‘retire.’’ In continued devotion to the Academies and to recruitment of the finest to serve, he will re-main on our Service Academy Selection Board, and, in addition, he will work with the academies on an effort to increase Academy nominations from Congressional Black Caucus member districts. He will join with Academy graduates like Pat Locke, the first African- American woman to graduate from West Point, to help advise CBC members con-cerning recruitment of their constituents to take advantage of the educational and career opportunities offered by the Service Acad-emies. 
The District of Columbia is very fortunate 
that CDR Miller has not worked alone. He achieved his success in collaboration with the hard work of the other members of our Selec-tion Board, David P. Gragan, USAFA ’77, Vice Chair, Timothy M. Ash, USAFA ’00, Lewis D. Baker, USMA ’91, Capt Holly D. Childs, USAFR, USAFA ’06, Lt Col Patrick Clowney, USAF (Ret), USAFA ’94, O.V. Johnson, Daniel J. Keenaghan, USMA ’00, George R. Keys, USAFA ’70, Past Chairman, Mr. Charles B. King, III, USMA ’94, Riaz K. Latifullah USMMA ’78, Laila Linares, USMMA ’06, Merita Carter, Pierpont Mobley, Ofc. James N. Rimensnyder, DCMP, USMA ’05, Prof. Barbara J. Smith, Joel C. Spangenberg, USNA ’00, Michael B. Velasquez, USNA ’89, and Harry Wingo, USNA ’88. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing the outstanding service of CDR Kerwin E. Miller, in congratulating David Gragan on becoming Chair, and in thanking the members of our D.C. Service Academy Selection Board for their dedication and serv-ice to the District of Columbia, to the U.S. Service Academies and to the nation. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF MR. 
EARL J. MORRIS 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize an outstanding individual, Mr. Earl J. Morris, of Owingsville, Kentucky, for his distin-guished military service during World War II. Mr. Morris, a part of the greatest generation, served our nation in the United States Army. 
Mr. Morris left the comforts of home and 
family on November 6, 1944 for Camp Shanks, New York. He then boarded a ship and left for the European Theater of Oper-ations. He served in Belgium, France, Holland, and Germany. His unit first engaged the Ger-mans on Christmas Eve of 1944 in Biren, Bel-gium. During the fighting in Europe, he and his fellow soldiers endured below zero tempera-tures, terrible snowstorms, hunger, fatigue, and heavy enemy fire. He fought in the Battle 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:18 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02JN8.002 E02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E815 June 2, 2015 
of the Bulge in Belgium. In the Alsace Lorraine 
Sector of France, his unit fired across the Rhine into Germany and kicked the last Ger-mans out of France. His 898th Division was awarded the French Coat of Arms for the Bat-tle of the Colmar, one of the highest awards bestowed by France. After fighting in Holland, the 898th Division entered Germany, crossed the Rhine, and continued heavy fighting until the end of the war. His unit then began polic-ing duty in Germany as the war ended in Eu-rope. 
The bravery of Mr. Morris and his fellow 
men and women of the United States Army is heroic. Because of the courage of individuals from Owingsville and from all across our great 
nation, our freedoms have been saved for our generation and for future generations. He is truly an outstanding American, a patriot, and a hero to us all. 
f 
HONORING REVEREND REGINALD 
BUCKLEY 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Pastor Reginald Buckley, who says that faith is about more than just Sunday morning worship—it seeps into daily life, eco-nomics and education. 
Pastor Reginald Buckley, was born and 
raised in Jackson, where his father pastored at Cade Chapel Missionary Baptist Church, which held its first worship service in 1880. ‘‘It has historically and continues to have an eye toward social empowerment,’’ he says. 
Following his graduation from Lanier High 
School in 1990, he went to Tougaloo College and received a bachelor’s degree in English. He attended graduate school at the University of Illinois Champaign-Urbana and earned a master of arts degree in English literature in 1996. 
For nine years, Buckley served as senior 
pastor of Second Baptist Church in Danville, Ill. While there, he also became president of the Illiana Christian Association and helped create relationships between congregations across Illinois and Indiana of different racial backgrounds. 
In 2007, he brought all his experiences back 
home to Jackson and Cade Chapel, where he became executive pastor. And with those ex-periences, he brought a plan. ‘‘My vision is that we really begin to affirm the dignity of all humanity, that we value all of Jackson and that value is demonstrated in how we treat and provide for all,’’ Pastor Buckley says. ‘‘Class is not what colors us, and we are all bound together in this experience we call hu-manity.’’ His forward thinking afforded him the position of Dean of Christian Education for the General Missionary Baptist State Convention of Mississippi, and gave him opportunities to preach and teach across the nation. 
Pastor Buckley, a Kellogg Foundation fel-
low, wants to help people in practical and tan-gible ways; the most recent product being Cade Courtyard, an apartment complex for seniors in the Virden Addition community. The church has more plans for development in the area that include single-family housing and mixed-retail developments. Along with his wife, Lecretia Buckley, he 
has two children: Jonathan and Anna. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Reverend Reginald Buckley for his dedication to serving others. 
f 
HONORING ROBERT OLIVIERI, 
PAST PRESIDENT OF PSAR 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Robert Olivieri, the outgoing President of the Pacific Southwest Association of REAL-TORS, for his outstanding leadership in the South Bay region of San Diego County. 
Robert Olivieri was born in Providence, 
Rhode Island and has been a resident of Chula Vista and Bonita for the past 30 years. Robert graduated from the University of Michi-gan with a B.S. in Engineering and went on to earn an MBA in Finance from the University of Phoenix. Robert holds a California Real Estate Broker’s License, a California Insurance Bro-ker’s License, a Series 7 Securities License, and has been in the real estate business for over 29 years. 
Robert has been an active broker and man-
ager for several real estate offices in South San Diego County. Robert served the Pacific Southwest Association of REALTORS (PSAR) as their 2014 President. During his tenure, he focused on membership recruitment and re-tention, while also providing useful resources for members’ professional and personal growth. Robert has also served PSAR on their Board of Directors, as a California Association of REALTORS State Director, and as a mem-ber of the Community Involvement Committee and the Merger Steering Committee. Robert has been ranked by real estate tracking agen-cies as one of the top house selling agents and in the top 7% of agents who sell homes for top dollar. 
Robert and his wife, Marcia, are very in-
volved in their community and help support Bonita Vista High School and Corpus Christi Parish. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT PITTENGER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 
Votes # 264, 265, 266 and 267, I am not re-corded because I was absent from the U.S. House of Representatives. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following manner. 
On Roll Call # 264. Had I been present, I 
would have voted NAY. 
On Roll Call # 265. Had I been present, I 
would have voted NAY. 
On Roll Call # 266. Had I been present, I 
would have voted NAY. 
On Roll Call # 267. Had I been present, I 
would have voted YEA. INTRODUCTION STATEMENT: 
HANDGUN TRIGGER SAFETY ACT 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to introduce today with Sen. E
DMARKEY the Handgun Trigger 
Safety Act—critical legislation to prevent acci-dental gun deaths. Based on legislation first proposed by my friend and former colleague Rep. John Tierney, I am humbled to continue this important effort to advance life-saving technology. 
Personalized ‘‘smart gun’’ technology allows 
gun owners to designate authorized users who can operate the firearm while rendering it in-operable for all others. This technology pre-vents use by criminals who steal handguns as well as unintentional use by children. 
The Centers for Disease Control and Pre-
vention estimate that 591 Americans died from a firearm accident in 2011, including 74 chil-dren under 15 years old. The Personalized Handgun Safety Act would promote the adop-tion of technology we know can prevent these tragedies. 
The Handgun Trigger Safety Act would 
mandate that within five years all newly manu-factured handguns use personalized tech-nology and within ten years all handguns sold or transferred are retrofitted with personalized ‘‘smart gun’’ technology. In addition, the bill would also provide for grants through the Na-tional Institute of Justice (NIJ) to continue to develop and improve handgun personalization technology to simultaneously increase efficacy and decrease cost. 
These new measures will make great 
strides in preventing accidental gun deaths by helping keep guns out of the wrong hands. 
I hope my colleagues will join me to support 
this important effort. 
f 
HONORING MR. ESSIE FROST 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a young leader in his school who has raised the bar for students coming behind him, Mr. Essie Frost from Charleston High School in Tallahatchie Coun-ty. 
Charleston High School operates under the 
authority of the East Tallahatchie School Dis-trict. The school district is a small one like many throughout my district. Nonetheless, and somehow they are able to make acceptable things happen despite having limited re-sources, which brings me to the reason why I want to recognize this young man. Ms. Me-lissa Faulkner, his teacher, has mentored, taught, and watched him grow to the point where he always made good decisions throughout high school, but in his senior year, he rose to a new height. That’s commendable as a young person. 
We all have the ability to make a positive 
difference in life. Essie took the optimistic ap-proach to helping his small school. He set 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:18 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02JN8.006 E02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E816 June 2, 2015 
goals; he wanted the class of 2015 to leave a 
memorable existence. So, he became Class President to lead them to that goal. He was skilled in getting the students to follow his vi-sion and set goals to be achieved as a whole. He often volunteered on community school projects, getting his fellow classmates to join. He told them that it’s not only good for the school, but they will be known as the class who gave back, plus they can use it on their college application for community service. Essie led the charge to make their class prom what they envisioned and dreamed, saying they are responsible for making it happen, the school doesn’t have a lot of money and prom is a privilege not a right. No one ever knew he had been raising the money for years on his own to go towards his prom. That is amazing for a young person to set a goal that far in ad-vance, stick to it, and carry it out. I called that great resilience. According to his teacher, Ms. Faulkner and I quote, ‘‘This senior class has more than doubled what his previous class had managed to raise, all thanks to Essie’s determination, dedication, and careful plan-ning.’’ 
In addition to that, Essie crafted a plan to in-
crease enrollment in the National Honor Soci-ety membership representation of the students at Charleston High School. His plan helped to increase enrollment from eighteen students, when he started, to now, thirty-six. The class goal was forty, they are almost there. Now that’s setting the bar again for the next class. I am proud to have Mr. Essie Frost as a cit-izen of the Second Congressional District of Mississippi. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Mr. Essie Frost, Class of 2015, Charleston High School, Charleston, MS, for his current active role as a student making a difference. Keep the faith. Keep progressing Essie. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE LINCOLN PARK EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES SQUADRON 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the Lincoln Park Emer-gency Medical Services as they celebrate their 50th Anniversary. I also want to thank all of the men and women who have given so much to their community through their work on the EMS Squad. 
Since May of 1965, the EMS Squadron in 
The Borough of Lincoln Park, New Jersey, has served their community faithfully and has al-ways answered the call to duty. 
Their job is not an easy one in any sense 
of the word. They are at their best when situa-tions are at their worst. Squad members are state-certified Emergency Medical Technicians (EMT), and they help those who are most in need of medical attention, no matter how big or small the issue. Not only is the work they do remarkable, but what is even more aston-ishing is the fact that these heroes are all vol-unteers. 
Their task is difficult enough having to take 
care of one patient at a time. But it becomes especially daunting when considering Lincoln 
Park Borough’s population is over 10,000, and continues to grow every year. It takes dedi-cated men and women to go above and be-yond the call of duty to serve a community of that size, and there is nobody more capable than those individuals in the Lincoln Park EMS. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to 
join me in thanking and recognizing the amaz-ing men and women of the Lincoln Park Emer-gency Medical Services Squadron. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CARLOS CURBELO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
was unable to cast the following votes on H.R. 1335 due to inclement weather: Roll Call 264: NAY, Roll Call 265: NAY, Roll Call 266: NAY, Roll Call 267: YEA. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE NATIONAL 
BLACK DATA PROCESSING ASSO-CIATES (BDPA) 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask the House of Representatives to join me in congratulating the National Black Data Processing Associates (BDPA) on its 40th an-niversary of service to the residents of the Dis-trict of Columbia and the national capital re-gion. 
Founded in May 1975 by Earl Pace and the 
late David Wimberly, BDPA was formed out of a concern shared by both men that minorities were not adequately represented in the infor-mation technology industry. The first BDPA chapter was organized in Philadelphia, PA in 1977. A year later, the second chapter was or-ganized in Washington, D.C., and shortly thereafter, the third chapter was organized in Cleveland, OH. In 1979, BDPA was restruc-tured as a national organization, and has 45 active chapters across the United States. 
As the oldest and largest African American 
information technology (IT) organization, com-prised of over 2,000 African-American IT pro-fessionals, as well as science, technology, en-gineering and math (STEM) college students, BDPA’s vision is to be a powerful advocate for their interests within the global technology in-dustry. Its mission is to be a global, member- focused technology organization that delivers programs and services for the professional wellbeing of its members. 
BDPA continues to promote professional 
growth and technical development for young people and those entering into information and communication technology (ICT) in academia and corporate America. We also appreciate BDPA and its 45 chapters for continuing to provide ICT opportunities for STEM students and professionals. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to join me in celebrating the 40th anni-versary of the National Black Data Processing Associates, in congratulating BDPA for its out-
standing accomplishments and commitment to the residents of the District of Columbia and around the country, and in welcoming those attending the BDPA Annual National Tech-nology Conference and Career Fair, titled ‘‘Evolution of IT—Embracing the Digital Fu-ture,’’ on August 18–22, 2015, at the Wash-ington Hilton Hotel. 
f 
HONORING GREENHILL 
MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable histor-ical church Greenhill Missionary Baptist of Marks, Mississippi and the great leadership it is under, Rev. Alvis Pryor, Jr. 
Greenhill M. B. Church was organized in 
1909. The original building was a small one room wood frame building located across Highway #6 between the towns of Belen and Marks, MS in the county of Quitman. This building was destroyed by a storm. 
A man by the name of Jessie D. Andrews 
heard about the loss of the church and sold them two (2) acres of land for the sum of One Dollar. The land was deeded to Sam Jones, Pleas Thomas and John Henry, who were Deacons and Trustees of the church. This land was sold with the understanding that it was to be used for church purposes or burial grounds or both and should it cease to be used for the before mentioned purposes, the land would be reverted to Jessie D. Andrews. 
After acquiring the new land (present site) 
with only a few members remaining, another single room wood frame building was con-structed. The new church was built by Alex-ander Gates, George James, David M. Gates, Epsie Morgan, Sr. and other men within the community. The church was built through do-nations made by church members and others under the leadership of the first pastor, Rev. M. O. Jude. 
During the 106 years of Greenhill’s history 
there have been a total of 11 pastors; some with short tenures and some with long ten-ures. Some made a great impact on the church and community and others kept the church moving forward. 
Under the leadership of Rev. C. J. Carson, 
(5th) pastor an annex was added which in-cluded, pastor’s study, kitchen/dining room, deacon’s/secretary room and bathrooms. 
Rev. Luster C. Tyler served as the (8th) 
pastor. During his tenure the church was again remodeled. He served a total of 25 years the longest serving pastor so far. He was often referred to as ‘‘the Mississippi Hoo-per’’. 
In 2007, Rev. Curlie Relliford was elected 
as (10th) pastor. Even though his tenure was less than two years the annex was torn down and rebuilt into a beautiful modern structure. 
Greenhill has always served as a beaconing 
light in its rural community setting. The church takes pride in ministering to the whole person. Special attention is given to the needs of the youth, aged, and underprivileged. Considering the fact that Greenhill is a small church we are proud of the fact that traditionally many of its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:18 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02JN8.011 E02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E817 June 2, 2015 
members have gone to college and became 
public school teachers. Presently about 50% of the members are less than 21 years old. So with God the future of Greenhill is bright. 
Rev. Alvis Pryor, Jr. was elected as elev-
enth pastor of Greenhill M. B. Church in May 2009. Under his leadership, the church has continued to grow spiritually due to the con-tinuation of weekly prayer meetings, Bible Study, Sunday School and the visitation of the sick and shut-in. Pastor Pryor has been very instrumental in the growth of this church through the guidance of the Holy Spirit, and some of his most notable accomplishments are: Instituting a plan to liquidate the mortgage on the church, the beautiful church sign (which was purchased by the first family), additional Sunday school teachers and assistants have been added, he is responsible for instituting an Annual Youth and Youth Coordinators Re-treat in July, annual fellowship dinners spon-sored by first family, fifteen passenger van and hired a full time musician. 
Unfortunately, when there’s life; death too 
will come. Throughout the past 106 years, as you can imagine, there’s been many warriors to make the transition of life. As history re-veals, Greenhill has steered through an array of obstacles. Whether great or mediocre, God’s word continues to prevail. So today, they are humbly thankful for 106 years of ex-istence and service unto the Lord. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Greenhill Missionary Baptist Church for its dedication for serving our great people. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID P. ROE 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I was 
unable to vote yesterday because of the death of a close friend. Had I been present, I would have voted: Roll Call #264—NO, Roll Call #265—NO, Roll Call #266—NAY, Roll Call #267—AYE. 
f 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF D&L 
FLORIST 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the 25th anniversary of D&L Florist in Houston, Missouri. 
Since opening its doors in 1990, D&L Florist 
has been serving the Houston, Plato, and Licking communities, bringing smiles to the faces of area residents in times of sadness and in times of celebration. 
As a family owned and operated business 
for 25 years, D&L Florist appreciates the im-portance of customer service and connection to the community. The service, products, and community spirit of Sheri and her team make D&L Florist such a special part of our area. 
For the many years of service and commit-
ment to serving others, it is my pleasure to recognize D&L Florist of Houston before the United States House of Representatives. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BLAKE FARENTHOLD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall 
Nos. 267, 266, 265, and 264, I missed votes due to severe weather in Washington, DC, causing my flight to be diverted to Norfolk, Vir-ginia. 
Had I been present, I would have voted yes 
on 267 and no on 266, 265, and 264. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 275TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE TOWNSHIP OF PEQUANNOCK 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Township of Pequannock as it celebrates its 275th Anniversary. 
On March 24, 1740, Pequannock was pro-
claimed one of three townships in colonial Pequannock County. At this time, Pequannock was one of the largest municipalities in the re-gion. Though it is celebrating 275 years of ex-istence, Pequannock’s history extends as far back as the 1600s when European settlers first arrived to the region. Deriving its name from the Lenni Lenape word ‘Paquettahhuake,’ meaning ‘‘cleared land ready or being readied for cultivation,’’ Pequannock Township has embraced the notion of growth and prosperity. The township is home to more than 15,000 people and was ranked among the top fifteen places to live in New Jersey in 2013. 
Pequannock boasts a rich history and 
played a key role during the Revolutionary War. Both Comte de Rochambeau and George Washington utilized the town to house troops during the war. Pequannock is also home to the Mandeville Inn, which was built in 1788 and owned by former Vice President Garret Hobart. Even after the Revolutionary War, the township played an important role in American history. During the Civil War, Pequannock functioned as a stop along the Underground Railroad. Many runaway slaves stopped at the Giles Mandeville House in their pursuit of freedom. 
Today, Pequannock Township is an ideal 
place to raise a family. Home to three elemen-tary schools, one middle school, and its own high school, the township understands the im-portance of education for all of its students. Students living in Pequannock learn from won-derful educators and have the ability to take advantage of many extracurricular activities. For example, students attending the Pequannock Valley School presented ‘Mulan Jr.,’ a play based on the Disney-hit Mulan. 
In addition to its superb educational pro-
grams, Pequannock Township offers many recreational facilities that people of all ages may enjoy. Boasting three parks, including a dog park, members of the Pequannock com-munity have the opportunity to enjoy a leisure stroll or bike-ride. One can also enjoy Wood-land Lake, where boating and fishing is com-monplace. Pequannock further takes pride in the Pequannock Township Women’s Golf League, where over 150 women participate in 
golf outings throughout the year. 
To celebrate 275 years of prosperity and 
cultivation, Pequannock Township plans on hosting several different events. On May 25th, Pequannock will hold a parade commending and honoring American veterans and their contributions to America’s success. This pa-rade will feature an additional float devoted to the township’s anniversary, and a presentation created by the Pequannock Township Historic Commission honoring American veterans. In addition to the parade, Pequannock will host a street fair, ‘‘hoe-down’’ and an open house at Pequannock Valley Park. These events will occur throughout the summer season and will assuredly make the 275th Anniversary one to remember. 
I commend the people of Pequannock 
Township for their dedication to ensuring that their township remains a wonderful home. Pequannock continues to serve as a model community and will undoubtedly continue to flourish for years to come. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in congratulating the Township of Pequannock as it celebrates its 275th Anniver-sary. 
f 
HONORING ST. MATTHEW M. B. 
CHURCH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor St. Matthew M. B. Church of Jackson, Mississippi. 
In 1900, Rev. Jack Hill called a group of 
people together for the purpose of worshipping God. It was in a brush harbor located at Trips Crossing (the intersection of Northside Drive and North State Street) there a band of bap-tized believers decided to follow Rev. Jack Hill. This was the beginning of St. Matthew M. B. Church. 
Rev. Hill led some spiritual followers that 
had been responsible for the survival and pro-gression of St. Matthew. History is not clear of the number of years that early leaders were with the growing Christian followers. 
The church was later moved to Terry’s 
Place (the present location of Watkin’s Ele-mentary School) under the leadership of Rev. Johnnie Harris. At this site, Rev. W. L. Jordon took the reign of leadership and completed the construction of the newly relocated building. 
Terry’s place was on 16th section school 
land and had to move. The congregation was faced with finding a new location for church service. With God’s blessings and determina-tion the congregation began searching again. 
Approximately in 1927 or 1928, Rev. J. D. 
Hayden became pastor of St. Matthew and purchased deeds for the present location. It was the hope of the members that this would be a permanent place. Rev. Hayden accepted a calling from another church and was suc-ceeded by Rev. W. M. Creshon. Under Rev. Creshon’s sixteen years of service the Church was rebuilt and rapidly became one of the most progressive black churches in the City of Jackson. 
During the late 1940’s, St. Matthew M. B. 
Church served as part of the New Hope Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:18 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02JN8.015 E02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E818 June 2, 2015 
School. This elementary school gave many 
children an opportunity to get an education. Rev. Creshon was proud of the church and school’s progress. In 1947, Rev. Creshon’s health failed and he resigned his position as a pastor. 
Rev. Sylvester Thomas, a young and inspir-
ing minister, was asked to lead the flock. Under his strong hand guided by God, the church was remolded and a blueprint was drawn to rebuild the present structure. Rev. Thomas served for sixteen years and the con-gregation grew spiritually. Then Rev. Thomas went to his heavenly home. 
Rev. Wroten McQuirter, the assistant min-
ister, accepted the position as a full-time pas-tor. St. Matthew continued to grow and Rev. McQuirter worked with the members to erect the present facility we now worship in each Sunday. St. Matthew M. B. Church stands as a beacon in the community. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing St. Matthew M. B. Church. 
f 
COMMEMORATING CARIBBEAN 
AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in commemoration of Caribbean Amer-ican Heritage Month, which celebrates and recognizes the significant contributions made by Caribbean Americans that have strength-ened our country and made it better. 
This month also marks the 53rd anniver-
saries of independence for the Caribbean na-tions of Jamaica and of Trinidad and Tobago. 
Although a half century has passed since 
they gained their independence, the struggle they waged to win their freedom still stands as a testament to the ideals of our own great na-tion. 
I am privileged to represent a large segment 
of Houston, Texas, which is home to more than 300,000 Americans of Caribbean herit-age, making it one of the largest, most di-verse, and vibrant Caribbean-American com-munities in the nation. 
Mr. Speaker, Americans of Caribbean herit-
age have made a positive impact on virtually every aspect of American life, including the arts, science, business, education, athletics, military, and government. 
For example, in the area of government and 
public affairs America has benefitted from the contributions of Colin Powell, a former Sec-retary of State and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice; former Members of Congress Mervyn Dymally of California, and Shirley Chisholm of New York, and current Congresswoman Y
VETTE  
CLARKE of New York; and Kamala Harris, the 
Attorney General of California. 
Caribbean Americans have enriched Amer-
ican art and culture with the legendary per-formances of Sidney Poitier, Harry Belafonte, Cicely Tyson, Nia Long, and Cuba Gooding, Jr.; the writings of authors W.E.B. DuBois and Malcolm Gladwell; the music of Beyonce Knowles, Lenny Kravitz, Rihanna, and Wyclef Jean; and the prowess of great athletes like Carl Lewis, Tim Duncan, Patrick Ewing, San-dra Richards-Ross, and Ndamukong Suh. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased that this 
Saturday, June 6, the city of Houston will be hosting the 5th annual Caribbean American Heritage Month Festival, which celebrates the rich culture of the Caribbean with a showcase of beautiful costumes, music, food, and enjoy-ment for all. 
I also wish to recognize the leadership of 
the Caribbean American Heritage Foundation of Texas, which works to assist Texas Carib-bean Organizations achieve their goals and to advocate on behalf of the peoples of Carib-bean descent. 
I congratulate the Caribbean American Her-
itage Foundation of Texas, the Caribbean Her-itage Organization in my home city of Hous-ton, and the many community organizations and volunteers across the nation for their ef-forts in making Caribbean American Heritage Month the success that it is. 
During this month I hope all Americans will 
join with me in celebrating the remarkable his-tory, culture, and contributions of Caribbean Americans to our nation’s past and future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK TAKAI 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, June 
1, 2015, I was absent from the House to at-tend my daughter Kaila’s 6th grade graduation from Waimalu Elementary School in Hawaii. Due to my absence, I am not recorded on any legislative measures for the day. I would like to reflect how I would have voted had I been present for legislative business. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 264, Roll Call 265, and Roll Call 266. On Roll Call 267, and final passage of H.R. 1335, I would have voted ‘‘no’’. 
f 
30TH ANNIVERSARY OF MO-SCI 
CORPORATION 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the 30th anniversary of Mo-Sci Corporation headquartered in Rolla, Missouri. Since 1985, Mo-Sci has been at the forefront of innovation in the glass and ceramic prod-ucts industry. They are also celebrating the grand opening of their new 22,000 sq. ft. facil-ity, Mo-Sci Precision Materials. 
Mo-Sci was founded by Dr. Delbert Day in 
order to supply glass and ceramic products for niche market applications. Their founding product was TheraSphere, a glass micro-sphere component that no other company would manufacture and is used to treat inoper-able liver cancer. Starting with only one engi-neer at a rented desk in a university lab, Mo- Sci has since grown into one of the most suc-cessful small glass businesses in existence today and serves more than 2,000 customers with exports to over 50 countries. 
For their continuous development of new 
and innovative products, as well as their re-cent expansion, it is my pleasure to recognize the 30th anniversary of Mo-Sci and their 
achievements before the House of Represent-atives. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF MR. 
CLARENCE EWELL MAZE 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize a true American hero, a part of the greatest generation, Mr. Clarence Ewell Maze, of Owingsville, Kentucky. He is to be com-mended for his distinguished military service during World War II. Mr. Maze served our na-tion in the United States Army. 
Mr. Maze, like many other brave young 
Americans, left the comforts of home and fam-ily and answered the call for duty with the United States military. His service took him to the European Theater of Operations. He fought the German Army in Belgium, France, and Germany. He and his fellow soldiers en-dured harsh weather conditions, fatigue, hun-ger, and dangerous enemy fire as they ulti-mately defeated the Germans. He spent time at the end of the war in Munich, Germany. 
Following his service in World War II, Mr. 
Maze returned home to Bath County. He start-ed his own business, a garage and body shop. For Mr. Maze, this was a fulfillment of the American dream. He has been married to Bernice since 1946. He has a daughter Re-gina and a late son Ricky. Mr. Maze has been a faithful attendee at Polksville First Church of God ever since returning from the war. 
Mr. Maze is a true patriot, a good family 
man, and a servant of the Lord. Because of his courage and the courage of other brave young people from Owingsville and from all across our great nation, our freedoms have been saved for our generation and for future generations. He is truly an outstanding Amer-ican, a brave patriot, and a hero to us all. 
f 
HONORING OLD ANTIOCH BAPTIST 
CHURCH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable histor-ical house of worship, Old Antioch Baptist Church in Sumner, Mississippi. 
Old Antioch Baptist Church has been in ex-
istence since 1904 in Sumner, Mississippi. The congregation today still consists of many of the founder’s children and grandchildren. In earlier years church services were held only on the second Sunday of each month and had a large congregation, primarily because of the vast Black population around the Sumner community. It was one of the only places they had to worship. Today the membership con-sists of 60 members, three deacons and two trustees. In 1979 a part of the Old West Dis-trict School building was added to the Old An-tioch Church which added five Sunday school classrooms, a baptismal pool, a kitchen and three bathrooms. In 1991, the Old Antioch 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:18 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02JN8.020 E02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E819 June 2, 2015 
church was bricked under the leadership of 
Rev. Andrew Hawkins. 
The church activities consist of: Sunday 
School, Annual Men & Women’s Day Pro-grams every second Sunday in October, Fam-ily & Friends Day and Mother’s Day Programs in May, Black History Observance in February, Church Anniversary in July, Sunrise services on Easter Sunday, Christmas concert and Thanksgiving programs. All services are held to benefit members of the congregation who may have a need as well as the surrounding communities. 
Worship service has changed to every sec-
ond and fourth Sunday. Old Antioch Baptist Church has had 21 ministers to serve as pas-tors. Currently Rev. Lorenzo K. Robinson, who is a native of Bolivar County is pastor, ministry of music and Sunday school teacher and train-er of future Sunday school teachers. He has been the pastor for the last 12 years. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing an amazing house of Worship, which has been instrumental in meeting spir-itual needs. 
f 
MOURNING THE DEATH OF 
GARRETT FITZGERALD 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
remember and honor the life of an important and respected member of the Chicago com-munity. 
Mr. Garrett FitzGerald passed away May 9th 
2015 at the all too young age of 49 after his battle with brain cancer. 
Since 2006, Garrett FitzGerald was the Ex-
ecutive Director of the North Center Chamber of Commerce. Under his leadership, he in-creased membership from 23 to nearly 400. He loved his neighborhood and set out to make it better for its residents and all of its visitors. He was the driving force expanding 
the chamber’s programing such as the concert series and movies in the square. Thanks to his hard work and passion, what was once a simple street festival, Ribfest has become the second biggest festival in Chicago. 
He was known for his ability to connect with 
others. His selflessness was the source of his boundless energy. It was not uncommon to see him making food to give away to concert goers at festivals. 
Garrett’s top priority was always his family, 
and the love and support they provided him was the most important thing in his life. He will be missed most by his wonderful wife, Alicia; his daughter, Bridget; his parents, Kathleen and Thomas FitzGerald; his sister, Meghan Wiegold; and his many aunts and uncles. 
Mr. Speaker, May God bless the FitzGerald 
family and the memory of a man who was truly loved by his friends, his community, and his family. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, I submit the following regarding my ab-sence from votes which occurred on June 1, 2015. My flight was delayed for three hours at Charlotte due to inclement weather at Reagan National Airport causing me to miss votes. 
Listed below is how I would have voted if I 
had been present. 
Dingell Amendment to H.R. 1335—No Lowenthal Amendment H.R. 1335—No Democrat Motion to Recommit H.R. 1335— 
No 
Passage of H.R. 1335—Strengthening Fish-
ing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act—Aye 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, on June 1, 
2015, I was unavoidably detained during a se-ries of Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘NAY’’ on the following Roll Call votes: #264, on passage of the Dingell Amendment, #265, on passage of the Lowenthal Amendment, and #266, on the Mo-tion to Recommit with Instructions. I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on Roll Call #267 for final passage of H.R. 1335, the Strengthening Fish-ing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act. 
f 
HONORING THOMAS SURDYKE 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Thomas Surdyke of Festus, Missouri, for the outstanding achievement of receiving his Eagle Scout award. This award is not easily attained and cannot be achieved without a steadfast determination to succeed. 
In order to receive this award, Thomas com-
pleted several steps and a service project ex-emplifying patriotism and his commitment to serve others. Thomas erected a new flag pole by the football field at St. Pius X High School where he played as a student. In addition to earning his Eagle Scout award, Thomas achieved Order of the Arrow Brotherhood, and received the Parvuli Dei and Ad Altere Dei re-ligious emblems. He was senior patrol leader and librarian during his time in Troop 484. He also served as chaplain’s aide on a ten day trek at Philmont Scout Ranch Adventure Base. 
As a scout, he has learned about service 
and leadership which were influential in his decision to attend the U.S. Military Academy at West Point to prepare for a career serving as an officer in the United States Army. Thom-as is a role model for young and old alike, and it is my pleasure to recognize his achieve-ments before the House of Representatives. HONORING CYNTHIA T. LEE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable and am-bitious citizen with a desire to pursue justice for others, Cynthia T. Lee. 
Cynthia T. Lee is a native of Raymond, MS. 
Her parent, Ms. Sonja Wilson Lee and the late grandparents, Annie Mae and Sam Wilson are very proud of her accomplishments. After graduating from Raymond High School in 2006, she attended Jackson State University and received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Sociology. 
While in college, Cynthia developed a pas-
sion for social justice-oriented work and de-cided to further her education at the University of Alabama, where she received a Masters of Social Work degree in May 2012. In the fall of 2012 Cynthia began her matriculation at the University of Mississippi School of Law. Cur-rently, as a third-year law student she has demonstrated her capacity and competence as a leader by serving as the student coordi-nator for the Pro Bono Initiative and the Presi-dent of the Public Interest. 
Ms. Lee’s Law Foundation is admirable. She 
was the recipient of the University of Mis-sissippi’s Pro Bono Initiative Service Award, as well as the Adams and Reese Pro Bono Award. In addition, she also serves as a dedi-cated member of the Trial Advocacy Board, the Law Association for Women, and Black Law Students Association. As a proud mem-ber of BLSA, she has served as the 2013– 2014 Community Service Committee co-chair and currently serves as the 2014–2015 Black History and Social Action Committee co-chair. Her dedication to service and academics has resulted in her receiving the BLSA Member of the year and the BLSA 2 L Scholarship award. Cynthia is truly thankful to God, her mom, aunties, uncles, family and friends for their continued support of her academic advance-ment and services to others. 
After law school, Cynthia plans to sit for the 
Mississippi Bar, and pursue a career dedi-cated to Social Justice with a specific empha-sis in Criminal Justice Reform. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,851,678,150.27. We’ve 
added $7,525,974,629,237.19 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:18 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN8.025 E02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E820 June 2, 2015 
CELEBRATING THE 30TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE MENTAL HEALTH ASSOCIATION OF PASSIAC COUN-TY 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the Mental Health Asso-ciation in Passaic County as they celebrate their 30th Anniversary. 
The beginnings of the Association go back 
to 1909, when Clifford Beers founded the Con-necticut Society for Mental Hygiene, which would later become the National Mental Health Association. 
In 1976, the Passaic County Community 
Companion Program was started by the Men-tal Health Association in New Jersey. This program was dedicated to helping individuals returning to their communities from state men-tal health hospitals. Volunteers were trained to work with individuals with mental illness one- on-one to ensure a successful return home. 
Three years later, the plans to create a 
Mental Health Association Chapter in Passaic County began. By this time, the Passaic County Community Companion Program had helped 75 Passaic County residents. 
At its annual meeting, the Mental Health As-
sociation in New Jersey voted full chapter sta-tus to the Mental Health Association in Pas-saic County. The Association offered the Com-munity Companions and Family Companions programs, a self-esteem program for former patients and families of those with mental ill-ness; a self-esteem program for grade-school children; the Mental Health Players; services to the homeless with mental illness, and a re-ferral and information service. All of these services were and still are free of charge, thanks to over 100 Passaic County residents who volunteer their time to the MHAPC so they can help their neighbors in need. 
As time went on, the Program’s services 
continued to grow. In 1987, the Crossover Program began, helping young adults with 
mental illness. In 1997 the Peer Outreach Support Team (POST) was created to help consumers with mental illness provide support to those living in supportive housing. Most re-cently, the Arab-American Community Serv-ices Partnership was created in 2005, with a goal of forging cooperative efforts to address mental health services that are needed and to increase cultural understanding. 
Through all of the Association’s fantastic 
work, it is no surprise that in 2003 the Con-sumer Parent Support Network program re-ceived the honor of Best Practice Program for the Prevention of Neglect and Abuse for the Northern Region of New Jersey. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge you and all of my col-
leagues to join me in congratulating the Men-tal Health Association in Passaic County as they celebrate their 30th Anniversary. THE ACCURACY IN MEDICARE 
PHYSICIAN PAYMENT ACT OF 2015 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, today I am 
proud to introduce the Accuracy in Medicare Physician Payment Act, legislation that will provide the Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services (CMS) with important tools that will strengthen primary care in this country. 
For too long, Medicare has relied upon a 
flawed process to set payment rates for serv-ices on the physician fee schedule. Since 1991, CMS has outsourced the process of val-uing physician services to the Relative Value Scale Update Committee (RUC), a secretive 31-member panel of doctors. The RUC’s com-position is shaped by the American Medical Association, and specialty societies are gross-ly overrepresented in its membership. As a private entity, the RUC is exempt from trans-parency laws, and the justifications for the committee’s recommendations are opaque. 
The RUC is extremely influential. From 1994 
to 2010, CMS accepted approximately 90 per-cent of the committee’s recommendations, and—although that rate has declined in recent years—the RUC continues to exert tremen-dous power over Medicare. This has far reaching implications for the entire American healthcare system, as Medicare’s rates strong-ly influence the reimbursement rates of private insurers. 
Meanwhile, our country faces a growing cri-
sis in its primary care workforce. The Health Resources and Services Administration esti-mates that there will be a nationwide shortage of over 20,000 primary care doctors by 2020. Primary care providers—particularly those who practice in low-income and rural areas—are compensated at much lower rates than spe-cialists. Recent medical graduates, who on av-erage are saddled with about $170,000 in educational debt, are steered away from lower-paying work in primary care toward lu-crative specialties. This leaves millions of Americans without access to the care they need, threatening their health security and ulti-mately driving up healthcare costs for the en-tire country. 
By distorting payment rates in favor of spe-
cialty services, the RUC has had a direct role in creating this crisis. Calls to reform its proc-esses are growing. A recent report by the Government Accountability Office has called into question the accuracy of the RUC’s rec-ommendations due to weaknesses in its data collection methods and conflicts of interest by its members. 
The Accuracy in Medicare Physician Pay-
ment Act will reform this flawed system. It will give CMS the tools it needs to ensure that payment rates serve the needs of the Amer-ican people, not the needs of highly-com-pensated specialists. This legislation will es-tablish an independent panel of experts within CMS that will identify distortions in payment rates and help Medicare develop evidenced- based updates to the fee schedule. Its proc-esses will be highly transparent and it will be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act, which requires advisory bodies to hold open meetings and publish minutes. If nec-essary, CMS may still seek input from the RUC, but all recommendations would be care-
fully scrutinized by the expert panel. 
This legislation will ensure that the process 
of setting physician payment rates is subject to rigorous oversight, independent analysis by experts, and meaningful transparency. It will put an end to a flawed process that has con-tributed to a healthcare system that drives thousands of young doctors away from where they are needed most. 
f 
HONORING JOE DOWLING ON THE 
OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE GUTHRIE THEATER 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay 
tribute to Mr. Joe Dowling, who is retiring in June from the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis, Minnesota after serving 20 distinguished years as Artistic Director. During Mr. Dowling’s im-pressive tenure, he has directed more than 50 shows and reinforced the foundation for this world-class Minnesota cultural cornerstone. 
Mr. Dowling joined the Guthrie as Artistic Di-
rector in 1995, bringing his ceaseless cre-ativity and tireless dedication to the arts after leading other theater companies in his native Ireland. Among Mr. Dowling’s many achieve-ments is the development of training programs like the University of Minnesota/Guthrie The-ater B.F.A. Actor Training Program and A Guthrie Experience for Actors in Training. He also solidified a partnership with The Acting Company of New York and created the WorldStage Series, two programs that allow local talent to tour the U.S. and in turn wel-comes internationally renowned theater pro-grams to Minnesota. He has also shared his vision and talents on Broadway and at other prominent venues throughout the United States and Europe. 
Perhaps Mr. Dowling’s deepest legacy is the 
success of a $125 million capital campaign and construction of a new theater home which was completed in 2006. Designed by French architect Jean Nouvel, the theater is an archi-tectural gem. At 285,000 square feet, the new Guthrie includes public gathering spaces and restaurants, and a 178-foot ‘‘endless bridge’’ that highlights a spectacular, soaring view of the mighty Mississippi River. The heart of the new Guthrie are three unique theaters offering special performance spaces and viewing per-spectives. The Dowling Studio in particular is an intimate 200 person black box theater that has welcomed 33 local acting companies and stands as a testament to its namesake’s com-mitment to developing and showcasing the Twin Cities arts community. 
In a metropolitan area that boasts more the-
ater seats per capita than anywhere else in the U.S. outside of New York, Minnesotans take great pride in our thriving, high quality performing arts community. Experiencing a performance at the Guthrie is a particular joy, and I attend shows there whenever I can. I am clearly not alone, because under Dowling’s leadership, the Guthrie entertains, enriches and enlightens 400,000 patrons each year. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to rise to honor 
Mr. Dowling and his many contributions to the rich cultural landscape in Minnesota as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:18 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02JN8.032 E02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E821 June 2, 2015 
Guthrie Theater as Artistic Director as well 
and his lifetime of commitment to the arts. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 75TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE NEW JERSEY STATE FAIR AND SUSSEX COUN-TY FARM AND HORSE SHOW 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my fellow colleagues to join me in the recognition of the 75th Anniversary of the New Jersey State Fair and Sussex County Farm & Horse Show. Drawing in roughly under a quarter million attendees annually in recent years, this event reflects upon a rich heritage and culture of which we should all be very proud. 
From what began over 75 years ago as a 
small town horse and farm show, the fair has blossomed into the famous state event we ap-preciate and enjoy today across the entire Tri- State area. Since 1999, the Sussex County Farm & Horse Show has been incorporated into the New Jersey State Fair, and it remains an integral piece of its history. 
Since their inclusion into the New Jersey 
State Fair, these Fairgrounds have provided a welcome home for a wide variety of events as well as a place for learning and tourism. This year’s fair will extend over a period of 10 days and include a multitude of enjoyable attrac-tions, expositions, and performances, including a carnival, circus, and even a demolition derby. Aside from these attractions, the fair serves as a promotion for the importance of local agriculture and showcases some of the beauty that characterizes the Garden State. In an effort to do this, a vegetable show, the Flower & Garden Expo, and livestock shows have all been included in the fair’s itinerary. Always looking to provide an opportunity for local vendors, the fair will also allocate show-cases for the best produce and livestock from our local farmers. Learning and culture will also be major aspects of the event, and attrac-tions such as an Art expo, talent completion, and a robotics display shall offer attendees an exciting and informative perspective on some of the best New Jersey has to offer. 
Held annually in Augusta, New Jersey, the 
New Jersey State Fair has grown to include a permanent complex of 15 buildings stretching over an impressive 165 acres. The fair’s popu-larity has increased steadily since its inception and this is a testament to its continued suc-cess. It will have been 75 years since the local Sussex horse and farm shows merged to form the Sussex County Farm and Horse Show in an effort to increase public appreciation for ag-riculture in New Jersey. Since then, the once tiny event has surpassed all expectations; be-coming the premier agricultural fair in the Gar-den State. Today, we honor that achievement and all the experiences yet to be had today and in years to come. 
I commend the Sussex County Farm & 
Horse Show Association for their continued commitment to providing such a rich edu-cational and enjoyable experience for the peo-ple of New Jersey and the wider Tri-State area. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and all my col-leagues to join me in congratulating the New Jersey State Fair/Sussex County Farm & 
Horse Show as it celebrates its 75th Anniver-sary. 
f 
HONORING CADET COL GREGORY 
WILSON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable Cadet COL Gregory Wilson, a senior at Murrah High School, is the Jackson Public Schools JROTC Cadet of the Year for 2015. 
While maintaining a 3.8 grade point aver-
age, Cadet Wilson has held several key lead-ership positions in the Battalion throughout his high school tenure. Cadet Wilson is a proud member of the National Honor Society and National Junior Classical League. He recently attended the American Legion Boys State where he was elected state treasurer. 
Cadet Wilson has also been actively in-
volved in a variety of community service projects including Stewpot Summer Enrich-ment and Stop Hunger Now. Currently, he serves as the Cadet Battalion Commander for the ‘‘Mustang’’ Battalion. Cadet Wilson has been accepted to several colleges including the prestigious University of Mississippi Hon-ors College. After graduating from Murrah with honors, Cadet Wilson will attend the University of Mississippi. He plans to attend medical school at an Army residency program. His vi-sion is to become a pathologist for the United States Army. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Cadet COL Gregory Wilson. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF ‘‘LGBT PRIDE 
MONTH AND HOUSTON PRIDE WEEK’’ 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
commemorate LGBT Pride Month and the re-markable progress that has been made in making our country more diverse and tolerant and embracing of differences in the 17 years since the cruel murder of Matthew Shepherd, a college student from Laramie, Wyoming. 
As a country, America has made and con-
tinues to make great progress in the area of social equality, as evidenced most dramati-cally by the seismic shift in public support for marriage equality over the past decade. 
Today, supporters of marriage equality dra-
matically outnumber opponents by 61%–35%; a near total reversal from 2004, when oppo-nents outnumbered supporters 58–39 percent. 
Our country made progress in bringing our 
LGBT brothers and sisters, mother and fathers out of the shadows with the repeal of ‘‘Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell,’’ which I was proud to support. 
Our nation is now stronger and our people 
are safer thanks to the sacrifices made by these brave Americans, who no longer need to choose between service and silence. 
There have been other changes for the bet-
ter. In April 2015, President Obama issued a 
landmark Executive Order prohibiting discrimi-nation against LGBT persons in the work-place. 
This civil rights victory ensures the tax dol-
lars used to pay government contractors sup-port contractors that are committed to equal employment opportunity for all persons regard-less of sexual orientation. 
This legislation marks a major shift from a 
time when the U.S. Civil Service Commission prohibited the hiring of LGBT persons to a time when the Secretary of Defense has se-lected an openly gay man as his chief of staff. 
Mr. Speaker, this year marks the 46th anni-
versary of the LGBT Civil Rights Movement, where activists such as Frank Kameny led the struggle for the voices of the LGBT community to be heard. 
Frank Kameny’s courageous demonstrations 
inspired others to resist mistreatment and we witnessed in 1969 what happens when a com-munity says enough is enough. 
Our country has made progress since the 
Stonewall uprising of 1969, and with the sup-port of equal rights for all communities by leaders such as President Barack Obama, more and more voices are being heard. 
Mr. Speaker, although more remains to be 
done to realize the full promise of America that all are equally treated and protected by the law, it is undeniable that America is closer to realizing that promise than it was during the dark days of Stonewall. 
So there is much reason for joy and opti-
mism when my home city of Houston cele-brates Houston Pride Week later this month, from June 21–28, 2015. 
According to the 2010 U.S. Census, the 
16th largest LGBT community in the nation is located in the Houston metropolitan area, which I am privileged to represent. 
The Houston LGBT community is culturally 
diverse, economically dynamic, and artistically vibrant. 
Houston Pride Week has been an annual 
event for the last 36 years, since 1979, and promotes the individuality of Houston’s ever- growing LGBT community. 
The Pride Festival and Parade are at the 
center of the Celebration and are annually at-tended by more than 400,000 people from Houston and around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, progress is made through the 
efforts of courageous leaders who actively en-gage their communities and face adversity to ensure that the rights of all are clearly recog-nized and protected. 
People like the legendary Bayard Rustin, 
who organized the 1947 Journey of Reconcili-ation which inspired the Freedom Rides of the 1960s and helped Dr. King organize the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and who was the driving force behind the his-toric 1963 March on Washington. 
Texas natives such as Sheryl Swoopes, a 
3-time WNBA Most Valuable Player and champion for the Houston Comets, Houston Mayor Annise Parker. 
These leaders have set an example of what 
can happen when we lift the limits of inequality and support our fellow Americans in their pur-suits of their inalienable rights. 
Other members of the LGBT community 
whose contributions have enriched American culture and made our country better include the great poet Langston Hughes; Mandy Car-ter, 2008 national co-chair of Obama Pride 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:18 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02JN8.034 E02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E822 June 2, 2015 
and lifelong activist; Billy Strayhorn, the musi-
cian and gifted composer whose 30-year col-laboration with Duke Ellington gave the world some of the greatest jazz music ever; Tom Waddell, army medical doctor and Olympic athlete; and James Baldwin, one of the tow-ering figures in the history of American lit-erature. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to acknowledge 
the achievements of just a few of the count-less number of Americans who overcame prej-udice and discrimination to make America a more welcoming place for succeeding genera-tions of LGBT community members. 
f 
HONORING BRIGETTA K. TURNER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Dr. Brigetta K. Turner, who is a 1982 graduate of Tougaloo College and obtained her Doctorate of Dental Surgery Degree from Meharry Medical College. She presently prac-tices dentistry on Tougaloo’s campus in the Owens Health and Wellness Center and has been in private practice for over 25 years. 
She loves playing the piano and shares her 
gift at Mt. Nebo M. B. Church. She loves Tougaloo and is ready to help bring Tougaloo to the world. Dr. Turner is a life member of TCNAA, a 2008 Hall of Fame Inductee. She is also the Secretary of the Mississippi Dental Society. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Dr. Brigetta K. Turner for her dedication to serving others. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF 
REVEREND GUY S. M CKENZIE 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize an outstanding individual, Reverend Guy S. McKenzie of Owingsville, Kentucky, for his distinguished military service during World War II. Reverend McKenzie served our nation in uniform from 1943 to 1946. 
Reverend McKenzie spent his early years in 
farming. At the age of 19, he enlisted in the United States Navy. Shortly after enlisting, he began a three year tour in the South Pacific. 
Not long after his deployment, Reverend 
McKenzie was assigned to the USS Houston . 
While the ship was traveling from Pearl Harbor to Formosa, now known as Taiwan, the ship came under heavy fire from the Japanese. It was torpedoed by a Japanese submarine, cut-ting an immense gash in the side of her hull. As the ship was sinking, Reverend McKenzie thought about his life and wondered if these were his final moments on earth. He jumped in the water, began to pray, and promised the Lord that he would serve him for the rest of his life if he would be spared. After floating for some time in the ocean, the USS Loftberg 
came along and rescued McKenzie and the remaining survivors. Reverend McKenzie spent the rest of his 
tour of duty aboard the USS Loftberg . He was 
honorably discharged from the United States Navy in 1946 with the rank of First Seaman and returned home to his family. Two years after his return, he kept his promise and gave his life to the Lord. 
Ten years later, he began preaching. Rev-
erend McKenzie retired after 26 years of pastoring. Because of his love, compassion, and caring service, he impacted many lives. Reverend McKenzie has been married to Joyce for 70 years. They have six children, eleven grandchildren, ten great grandchildren, and two great, great grandchildren. Reverend McKenzie is to be commended for his brave service to his country, his strong passion for the Lord, and his loyal life as a family man. 
Reverend McKenzie’s bravery and that of 
his fellow men and women in uniform secured our freedoms for future generations. He is truly an outstanding American, a protector of freedom, and an inspiration to us all. 
f 
HONORING THE WAL-MART 
DISTRIBUTION CENTER 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Wal-Mart Distribution Cen-ter located in St. James, Missouri, for being named the Wal-Mart Distribution Center of the Year for 2014. This prestigious award is not easily attained as it recognizes just one out of all the Wal-Mart distribution centers in the United States. 
In order to receive this award, the employ-
ees of the distribution center in St. James dis-tinguished themselves through their hard work, dedication, and by setting an example for oth-ers to follow. I am very proud of their service to the community of Phelps County and the surrounding area. 
Their work ethic is truly admirable and it is 
my pleasure to recognize their achievements before the House of Representatives. 
f 
INTRODUCTION STATEMENT: GUN 
VIOLENCE RESEARCH LEGISLA-TION 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, today I am proud to reintroduce legislation to finally permit the use of federal funds for long overdue research on firearm safety and gun violence. 
For too long, Congress has failed to ad-
dress the public health crisis caused by gun violence. On average, there are 32,000 deaths and 76,000 injuries from gun violence each year in the United States. Gun deaths now outpace traffic fatalities in our country. It is time to address the epidemic of gun violence and prevent future incidents. Public health re-search will help identify effective solutions we can implement in order to save lives. 
The bill I introduce today, with companion 
legislation introduced by Sen. E
DMARKEY , would authorize $10 million in annual funding 
for the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention (CDC) through Fiscal Year 2021. This funding will allow the CDC to implement the research agenda outlined in a 2013 report issued by the Institutes of Medicine that identi-fied areas in need of study to better under-stand the underlying causes of gun violence and develop strategies for prevention. 
Federal funding for gun violence research 
halted in the mid-1990s. As a result, policy-makers and community leaders lack the au-thoritative public health research they need to address the horrifying persistence of gun vio-lence. We have more gun-related deaths than any other developed country, yet we lack com-prehensive, scientific information about the causes and characteristics of gun violence. 
This public health crisis cannot be ignored 
any longer, and I’m proud to introduce this legislation that addresses the epidemic of gun violence and identifies the best strategies to prevent future incidents. 
f 
HONORING SERGEANT 
CHRISTOPHER D. BOOKER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a veteran, Sergeant Christopher Dewayne Booker. Christopher has shown what can be done through ambition, te-nacity and a desire to serve others. 
Sergeant Christopher D. Booker a resident 
of Cary, MS was born April 23, 1971, to Gloria and Willie Booker. He graduated in 1990 from Rolling Fork High School. 
In September 1989 Christopher enlisted in 
the Mississippi Army National Guard. He was mobilized for Desert Storm in December 1990 until May 1991. In November of 2005 to Feb-ruary of 2006 Sergeant Booker’s unit was acti-vated to Operation Enduring Freedom in Af-ghanistan. He retired from the MS National Guard in September 2015 after serving over twenty-five years. 
Christopher worked for Sharkey County as a 
machine operator for 10 years. Currently, he works for the Town of Cary, MS as a Water and Sewer Operator. 
Sergeant Booker is a member of E. P. Bap-
tist Church in Rolling Fork, Mississippi since 1985. He is thoroughly involved in the commu-nity. He organized the Annual Community Clean-up for Maiden Addition, a small commu-nity in Cary, MS; serves as a volunteer coach for both the Cary Little League Softball and Baseball teams and is a volunteer firefighter for the Town of Cary. Christopher is an avid hunter and is the President of the New Fitler Hunting Club, a third degree freemason and a member of the Faith Outreach Men Bible Study at Mt. Zion M. B. Church. 
Christopher has earned several certifi-
cations. He received his certification for Army Traffic Safety, Combat Lifesaver, Water Treat-ment Specialist Phase I, Homeland Security Training and Parent Applicant Training. 
He is the proud father of three children, Her-
man D. Scott, Christopher D. Booker and Glo-ria K. Booker. He has one grandson, Brayden Adams. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Sergeant Christopher D. Booker 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:18 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02JN8.037 E02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E823 June 2, 2015 
for his passion and dedication to serving our 
great Country, his community and desire to make a difference in the lives of others. 
f 
ERIC LI NAMED PRUDENTIAL 
NATIONAL HONOREE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Eric Li for being named one of ten national honorees for the 2015 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. 
Eric’s dedication to community service start-
ed at a young age when he spearheaded a school-wide relief effort following a deadly earthquake in Sichuan, China. He and his sis-ters also founded a nonprofit organization called We Care Act. The organization helps children around the world recover from major natural disasters. Currently, he is teaching his peers at Pearland Junior High West to refur-bish computers that will be sent to orphanages in third world countries. 
At such a young age, Eric has already im-
pacted so many children around the world. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congressional District, thank you for your commitment to phi-lanthropy and congratulations on this remark-able achievement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. JOSEPH 
ALEXANDER SCOTT, JR. 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate the life of Mr. Joseph Alex-ander Scott, Jr. The City of San Antonio and the Great State of Texas lost a community leader, civic activist, job creator, and friend with the passing of this great man. 
Born on January 31, 1928 in Dallas, Joe 
Scott spent his life in service to those around him. From his service as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Army in the Korean War to his fourteen years as a teacher in Edge-wood ISD and his unmatched record as a leader in his Eastside community, Joe Scott truly embodied the concept of service above self. 
Mr. Scott earned a bachelor’s degree from 
Prairie View A&M University, a Master’s de-gree from Our Lady of the Lake University, and attended St. Mary’s University Law School. 
Mr. Scott was first and foremost a family 
man. He was the first African-American li-censed insurance agent in San Antonio and founded World Technical Services, Inc. (WTS) to provide jobs for people with severe disabil-ities and those who are unable to find employ-ment due to past substance abuse or incarcer-ation. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to honor the 
legacy of Joseph Alexander Scott, Jr. He was my dear friend. I will miss his friendship and the City of San Antonio will miss his leader-ship, but his legacy will live on and he will be forever remembered. LUTHERAN SOUTH ACADEMY 
CHAMPIONSHIPS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the baseball and softball teams at Lutheran South Academy for winning the Texas Association of Private and Parochial Schools (TAPPS) 4A state championships. 
The road to success was not easy, but both 
teams persevered and brought home two state trophies. Lutheran South Pioneer baseball team finished the season with an 8-game win-ning streak that was capped off with a victory at the TAPPS 4A state tournament. The Lady Pioneer softball team completed their success-ful season with a shutout victory at the state championship. Each of these young athletes and their coaches has put in the time and the effort to become state champions. I am ex-cited to see what these young athletes achieve throughout their time on the diamond. It’s time for Lutheran South to expand their trophy case. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations on this outstanding victory. Thank you for bringing the gold back home. 
f 
IN HONOR OF CHRIS NORTON, LU-
THER COLLEGE CLASS OF 2015 AND SPINAL CORD INJURY AD-VOCATE 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Chris Norton, an advocate for those re-covering from spinal cord injuries and a grad-uate of Luther College, Class of 2015 in Decorah, Iowa. 
During his freshman football season, Chris 
sustained a serious injury that left him para-lyzed from the neck down. In the aftermath of his injury, doctors informed Chris he had a 3% chance of ever walking again. This exceptional young man, after years of physical therapy and rehabilitation, overcame those odds and walked across the stage at his graduation this past weekend. 
Moved to action by people with similar inju-
ries he met during his rehabilitation, Chris, his family, and his friends started the Spinal Cord Injury (SCI) CAN Foundation. This foundation is committed to increasing access to quality therapy options for those with spinal cord inju-ries. Recently, SCI CAN donated $60,000 to Des Moines University, bringing the total do-nations of the Foundation to nearly $375,000 to assist in spinal cord injury recovery. 
I applaud Chris’ important work with SCI 
CAN, his message of hope and healing, and wish him well as he continues to recover from his injury. I firmly believe Chris is both an in-spirational figure and asset to his community. I wish Chris and his family the very best as they begin the next chapter of their lives. 
I encourage everyone to learn more about 
the SCI CAN Foundation by visiting their Facebook page at www.facebook.com/ TheSciCanProject. STAFFORD TRACK AND FIELD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Stafford Track and Field Team for earning the Class 4A second-place team state championship trophy. 
Despite immense adversity during the final 
moments of the competition, the Stafford Team competed and brought home the silver. This win reflects the entire team’s dedication to the sport, including outstanding efforts by Lynette Amaran and the young men of the 400 meter relay who both brought home gold medals. We are extremely proud of each indi-vidual on the team and the coaching efforts of Mr. Sergio Hinojosa. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the entire team in representing Stafford High School in the State Track and Field Championship. 
f 
HOW TO PREVENT THE FALL OF 
BAGHDAD 
HON. PETER T. KING 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, Islamic 
State (ISIS) is a massive threat to America’s national interests and to human decency. Each day brings more news of ISIS advances, terrorist attacks, military gains and horrible atrocities. And each day the Administration continues to deny its policies are failing. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe that ISIS can indeed 
be stopped if it heeds the thoughtful rec-ommendations which Kevin Carroll detailed in his May 27, 2015 Wall Street Journal OP/ED (‘‘How to Prevent the Fall of Baghdad’’). 
Mr. Carroll speaks with authority and first- 
hand knowledge. He served as a U.S. Army officer in Iraq and Afghanistan and as a CIA case officer in a Middle East war zone. Also, I had the benefit of having Kevin Carroll serve as Senior Counsel when I chaired the House Homeland Security Committee in 2011–2012. I found his advice to be invaluable. I urge the Administration to follow his advice today. I am proud to submit Kevin Carroll’s article and urge all members to read and give thoughtful consideration to his proposals. 
ISLAMIC STATE IS LIKELY TO USE THE TACTICS  
THAT WORKED IN RAMADI . THE U .S. CAN DO  
MUCH TO CHANGE THE OUTCOME  
Islamic State, also known as ISIS, has 
seized control of Ramadi, the capital of Anbar province just 70 highway miles from Baghdad. Fallujah, located between, is al-ready a terror stronghold. 
There is little doubt that ISIS leader Abu 
Bakr al-Baghdadi plans to capture the city whose name he bears. A man who declared himself a caliph, Baghdadi knows his home was the seat of the Abbasid caliphate, found-ed in the eighth century to which ISIS would like to return. 
It would be a mistake for the Obama ad-
ministration to continue to underestimate ISIS as the junior varsity. ISIS dem-onstrated operational capability recently, attacking in opposite directions to occupy both Ramadi and Palmyra, deep inside Syria. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:18 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN8.042 E02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E824 June 2, 2015 
Its Ramadi assault mixed terrorism with 
conventional tactics. At least 30 huge truck bombs, some reportedly as large as the one used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, ob-literated the city’s defenses, and ISIS forces poured through the breach. A similar attack could be in store for Baghdad. It is assumed that ISIS operatives are in the capital’s Sunni enclaves, with more en route disguised as refugees. 
The fall of Baghdad to ISIS would harm 
American strategic interests as the fall of Saigon did in 1975. The blow to U.S. credi-bility and the enhancement of ISIS’s pres-tige, of its black flag rising over an evacu-ated U.S. Embassy, would be incalculable. To prevent this outcome, President Obama should consider taking the following actions. 
Use strategic air power. America’s 
unrivaled air forces can hit ISIS from any-where: neighboring countries, the sea and the continental U.S. Yet the sorties flown so far have been minimal, and damage inflicted still less, even as ISIS held a parade in broad daylight in Rutba, Iraq, last week. 
That is the kind of target our aviators 
dream of. Rules of engagement need to be loosened, U.S. air controllers sent to the front to call in strikes, and more combat air-craft put into the fight. 
Launch ruthless special operations. Recent 
raids into Syria were daring and skillful. But a handful of missions do not resemble the op-erations led by U.S. Army Gens. Stanley McChrystal and Michael Flynn in 2006–07 that eventually broke the back of ISIS’s predecessor, al Qaeda in Iraq, and drove it abroad. 
At that campaign’s height, commandos 
conducted multiple missions every night. They analyzed intelligence collected on one ‘‘objective’’ to find and fix targets they fin-ished on successive raids. The rhythm, per-sistence and sheer number of those oper-ations crushed the enemy. Emulate them now, starting near Baghdad. 
Capture and interrogate ISIS leaders. 
Much of the intelligence exploited on those missions came from documents and elec-tronics found in terrorist safe houses. But the best came from interrogations, some conducted on the battlefield as the smoke cleared. 
Interrogators acted within the bounds of 
decency against evil men who deserved no quarter. Yet neither were military and CIA personnel constrained by the rules of evi-dence and criminal procedure, because their goal wasn’t a courtroom conviction, but the location of the next high-value target. A ro-bust program of capturing and roughly inter-rogating terrorists abroad should resume, first focused on the whereabouts of ISIS operatives in and around Baghdad. 
There is also a role for police work. ISIS 
has devotees in all 50 U.S. states; hundreds of Americans traveled abroad to fight for them, and some number have returned. The FBI and state and local law enforcement should make aggressive use of antiterror statutes to question—and perhaps flip into informants— suspects who may be in contact with terror leaders with details of ISIS plans regarding Baghdad. Congress should reauthorize the National Security Agency’s signals intel-ligence programs identifying such commu-nications between Americans and known ter-rorists abroad. 
Send ground combat forces. Despite U.S. 
efforts to retrain them, the Iraqi army is now unable or unwilling to stand and fight ISIS alone. Its commanders have shamefully thrown down their weapons, discarded their uniforms, and abandoned their men and posts when ISIS threatens. The Iraqi army needs a backbone transplant. 
U.S. airborne units can arrive quickly to 
secure Baghdad’s airport and the long and vital road from the city to that airfield. 
More Marines can better defend the U.S. Em-bassy in Baghdad. Americans can stiffen Iraqi lines around the city, and provide artil-lery and engineer units needed in urban com-bat. U.S. cavalry units can launch what im-perial Britain called ‘‘punitive expeditions’’ to destroy ISIS lairs further afield. 
The arrival of thousands more American 
fighting men will improve the Iraqi army’s performance. It was no accident that the Sunni Awakening and U.S. surge succeeded at the same time in 2006–07. As U.S. troops poured in, Sunni sheiks cast their lot with what Bing West memorialized as the ‘‘The Strongest Tribe’’ in his book of the same name. 
There are natural advantages to defending 
Baghdad, which the Iraqis can exploit if steeled by U.S. troops. To seize the capital, ISIS’s lines of communication would expand, a logistical challenge that would leave them more vulnerable to counterattack. The Iraqi army’s lines of communication would help-fully contract. 
The Tigris River is a significant obstacle, 
and a defensible one. Urban combat favors prepared defenders. And Baghdad is a dense city, its population having swelled to more than seven million, crammed into a place the size of Baltimore or Boston. 
Most important, the predominantly Shiite 
Iraqi army would be fighting to protect its brethren, unlike previous battles in mostly Sunni cities where they broke and ran. 
This fight is winnable. But if the adminis-
tration whistles past the graveyard and in-sists its policy is working even as ISIS nears Baghdad and our diplomats there, the White House may face a debacle that makes Benghazi seem minor in comparison. 
f 
KECHI OKWUCHI’S ST. THOMAS 
UNIVERSITY GRADUATION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ap-
plaud Kechi Okwuchi, for her recent gradua-tion from St. Thomas University in Houston. 
Over the past ten years, Kechi has had to 
overcome many hardships. On December 10, 2005 Kechi was the only survivor of a horrific plane crash at Port Harcourt International Air-port in Nigeria where her plane made a crash landing nearly 70 meters off of the runway. The crash claimed the lives of all of the other passengers on board including 108 of Kechi’s classmates and friends. After receiving med-ical treatment in South Africa, Kechi moved to Pearland to receive medical treatment at Shriner’s Hospital for Children in Galveston. At her May 16th Commencement Ceremony, Kechi was selected to give a speech before crossing the stage and receiving her degree. She has met and conquered many obstacles on her way to receiving her diploma. Her posi-tive outlook throughout it all is truly an inspira-tion. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Kechi for graduating from St. Thomas Uni-versity. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-
ably detained and missed roll call votes 253, 254, 255, 256, 257, 258, 259, and 260. If present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on roll call 253, ‘‘yea’’ on roll call 254, ‘‘yea’’ on roll call 255, ‘‘yea’’ on roll call 256, ‘‘yea’’ on roll call 257, ‘‘no’’ on roll call 258, and ‘‘no’’ on roll call 260. 
f 
SABLATURA MIDDLE SCHOOL 
STUDENT COUNCIL 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Sablatura Middle School Stu-dent Council on receiving the National Asso-ciation of Elementary School Principals’ Stu-dent Council Excellence Award for the 2014– 2015 school year. 
This prestigious award recognizes the out-
standing efforts and hard work of students striving towards leadership, citizenship, com-munity service, and campus spirit. This is the fourth year that the Association has awarded Sablatura’s student council excellence. We ap-preciate the dedication that the faculty spon-sors make to developing young leaders in Pearland, Texas and look forward to seeing what these students achieve in the future. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Sablatura Middle School Student Coun-cil for this remarkable achievement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Monday, June 1, 2015. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 264, ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 265, and ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 266. 
Finally, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call 
vote 267 in opposition to H.R. 1335, the Strengthening Fishing Communities and In-creasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act. 
f 
JAELYNN WALLS GIRL SCOUTS OF 
THE USA GOLD AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Jaelynn Walls, for earning the Girl Scouts of the USA Gold Award, the most prestigious Girl Scout honor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:18 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02JN8.048 E02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E825 June 2, 2015 
Jaelynn is a tenth-grader at Carnegie Van-
guard High School. She earned the award for her diligent work and dedication to spread her ‘‘No Texts, No Wrecks’’ campaign. Jaelynn re-cruited more than 15 volunteers to accompany her to driving schools in her community to stress the importance of not texting and driv-ing. She also collected more than 400 pledges from young drivers who promised to not text and drive. Jaelynn has been a member of the San Jacinto Council for 13 years and pre-viously earned the Girl Scout Bronze and Sil-ver Awards. What an accomplished young woman. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Jaelynn Walls for receiving the Girl Scouts of the USA Gold Award. 
f 
IN HONOR OF BRYAN KECK, 
SCRIPPS NATIONAL SPELLING BEE PARTICIPANT FROM DU-BUQUE, IOWA 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate a constituent from my district, Bryan Keck from Dubuque, Iowa, on his participation in the Scripps National Spelling Bee. 
Bryan, a seventh grader at Eleanor Roo-
sevelt Middle School in Dubuque, Iowa, won the Telegraph Herald Media Regional Spelling Bee last March to earn a spot in the national bee. Last week, he and his family traveled to National Harbor, Maryland where 285 spellers from across the United States competed dur-ing Bee Week 2015 at the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center. 
In the preliminary round, Bryan correctly 
spelled ‘‘omnivorous’’—an adjective meaning ‘‘of an animal or person feeding on food of both plant and animal origin.’’ He also cor-rectly spelled ‘‘rhipiphorid’’—a noun that clas-sifies certain types of beetles. 
In his free time, Bryan enjoys, giving back to 
his community through the Boy Scouts, going bowling, playing Minecraft, and reading crime novels. He hopes to one day become a fed-eral prosecutor. 
I would like to extend my sincerest con-
gratulations, c-o-n-g-r-a-t-u-l-a-t-i-o-n-s, con-gratulations to Bryan on his participation in the Scripps National Spelling Bee and wish him well in all his future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MATTHEW MURRAY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Matthew Murray for winning Top Male Individual at the 16th Annual Texas State High School Triathlon Championships. 
Matthew, a junior at Dawson High School in 
Pearland, was among almost 250 competitors from around Texas. Each competitor was re-quired to compete in a 500 meter lake swim, 14 mile bike and 3 mile run. Matthew’s win speaks to his dedication to the sport and im-mense athletic ability. This was his second 
year in a row to win Top Male Individual. He has made his family, coaches and community proud. We wish him the best of luck in his fu-ture endeavors. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Matthew for his back-to-back wins of Top Male Individual at this year’s Triathlon Cham-pionships. 
f 
HONORING WHEELING PUBLIC 
WORKS DIRECTOR ANTHONY STAVROS 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize the career and contributions of Wheel-ing Public Works Director Anthony Stavros. Mr. Stavros is retiring next month and leaves behind a reputation of strong dedication and commitment to the people of Wheeling, Illinois. 
Throughout his career, Mr. Stavros served 
the Village of Wheeling in various roles and capacities in the Public Works Department. As Director, he oversaw multiple divisions man-aging parks, infrastructure, and flood and snow operations, all of which are vital to the well-being and safety of the community. A number of his successful projects were recog-nized by the American Public Works Associa-tion including his work on the Cornell Avenue Dam Rehabilitation. 
Mr. Stavros leaves a lasting legacy through 
his integrity, leadership, and commitment to the improvement and maintenance of the Wheeling community. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to express my gratitude to Mr. Anthony Stavros for his forty-five years of exemplary service. 
f 
CLEMENTS HIGH SCHOOL MIXED 
RELAY TEAM 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Christy Lee, Yaobin Chen, Mia Craven for earning the Top Mixed Relay Award during the 16th Annual Texas State High School Triathlon Championships. 
These Clements High School athletes were 
among almost 250 competitors from Texas competing in this race. Each relay team was required to compete in a 500 meter lake swim, 14 mile bike ride and 3 mile run. This win speaks to the team’s dedication to the sport and immense athletic ability. We wish the team luck throughout their academic and ath-letic careers. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Christy, Yaobin, and Mia for winning the Top Mixed Relay award in this year’s Triathlon Championships. 97TH ANNIVERSARY OF 
AZERBAIJANI REPUBLIC DAY 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Azerbaijanis around the world, in celebration of Republic Day on May 28. Re-public Day commemorates Azerbaijan’s dec-laration of its independence from the Russian Empire in 1918, becoming the first Muslim democratic secular republic in the region. Al-though only lasting two years, the Democratic Republic of Azerbaijan achieved considerable success in state-building and creating edu-cational foundations for future generations. The Democratic Republic of Azerbaijan grant-ed suffrage to women shortly after its creation, ahead of most Western democracies. 
Despite all of its successes, the Democratic 
Republic of Azerbaijan was not in a position to weather the occupational forces of the then newly formed Soviet Russia. Consequently, Azerbaijan temporarily lost its independence in 1920 and later was brought into the U.S.S.R. In 1990, Azerbaijan regained its independence from the U.S.S.R., ending 70 years of Soviet rule. On August 30, 1991, Azerbaijan’s Par-liament adopted the Declaration on the Res-toration of Independence of the Republic of Azerbaijan, and on October 18, 1991, the independence was approved by the adoption of a Constitutional Act. 
Since its independence, the Republic of 
Azerbaijan has been an ally and is among the first nations who offered unconditional support to the United States in the global War on Ter-rorism, providing its airspace and the use of its airports for Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan. Today, Azerbaijan continues to be a strategic partner with the U.S. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in thanking the people of Azerbaijan for their valuable partnership and congratulate Azerbaijanis around the world on the 97th an-niversary of Republic Day. 
f 
CLEMENTS HIGH SCHOOL ALL- 
MALE TRIATHLON RELAY TEAM 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Aaron Pan, Brian Yuen, and Abraham Mcbarkin, for earning Top All-Male Relay during the 16th Annual Texas State High School Triathlon Championships. 
The Clements High School sophomores 
were among almost 250 competitors from around Texas competing in this race. Each relay team was required to compete in a 500 meter lake swim, 14 mile bike ride and 3 mile run. Their win recognizes extreme athletic abil-ity as well as a strong dedication to the sport. We wish each of these young men luck throughout their academic and athletic ca-reers. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Aaron, Brian, and Abraham for earning the Top All-Male Relay team at this year’s Triathlon Championships. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:18 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02JN8.053 E02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E826 June 2, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-
ably detained and missed roll call votes 264, 265, 266, and 267. If present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call 264, ‘‘yea’’ on roll call 265, ‘‘yea’’ on roll call 266, and ‘‘no’’ on roll call 267. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on June 1, 
2015 I was absent for recorded votes #264 through 267 due to a weather-related flight delay. 
I would like to reflect how I would have 
voted if I were here: 
On Roll Call #264 I would have voted yes. On Roll Call #265 I would have voted yes. On Roll Call #266 I would have voted yes. On Roll Call #267 I would have voted no. 
f 
CINCO RANCH ALL-FEMALE 
TRIATHLON RELAY TEAM 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Katie Rinderknecht, Ava Rinderknecht and Sydney Rinderknecht, for winning the Top All-Female Relay during the 16th Annual Texas State High School Triathlon Championships. 
Ava and Sydney are sophomores at Cinco 
Ranch High School, and Katie is a freshman. These young women were among almost 250 competitors at the Triathlon Championships. Each relay team was required to compete in a 500 meter lake swim, 14 mile bike ride and 3 mile run. Their accomplishment recognizes extreme athletic ability, as well as a strong dedication to the sport. We wish each of these young women luck throughout their academic and athletic careers. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Katie, Ava, and Sydney for winning Top All- Female Relay team at this year’s Triathlon Championships. IN HONOR OF HARLEM 
HELLFIGHTER SERGEANT HENRY JOHNSON RECEIVING A POST-HUMOUS MEDAL OF HONOR 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Sergeant Henry Johnson. Sergeant Henry Johnson epitomizes what it means to be a great American hero and patriot. I thank President Barack Obama for posthumously awarding the Medal of Honor to Sgt. Johnson, a New York native and distinguished member of the 369th Infantry Regiment, popularly known as the ‘Harlem Hellfighters.’ With our 
nation’s highest honor of valor bestowed upon Sgt. Johnson, his legacy will be enduring and highlighted in the annals of history. 
As a black soldier living in the first decades 
of the 20th Century, Sgt. Johnson never saw the accolades he so rightly deserved during his lifetime. He enlisted in the military soon after Congress declared war on Germany in June 1917, and was assigned to Company C, 15th New York (Colored) Infantry Regiment— an all-black National Guard unit, which would later become the 369th Infantry Regiment of the 93rd Division, American Expeditionary Forces. The following year, the 369th de-ployed to France where Sgt. Johnson fought off advancing German soldiers who were try-ing to raid his French and American camp. Even as he was wounded 21 times, Sgt. John-son risked his own life to save a fellow soldier from being captured or killed. Indeed, Sgt. Johnson valiantly held back the enemy force until they retreated. 
In addition to earning respect from his fellow 
American and French soldiers, Sgt. Johnson’s remarkable deed of courage inspired other black soldiers like me to salute the flag and serve our country with pride and distinction. As a Korean War Veteran, I learned from Sgt. Johnson and other heroes of the 369th Infan-try Regiment who fought in World War I and World War II the true meaning of service and sacrifice for the nation. 
Since its inception, the ‘Harlem Hellfighters’ 
of the 369th Infantry Regiment have partici-pated in every conflict since World War I, in-cluding the battles we fight today. I am hon-ored to belong to the 369th Harlem Hellfighter Veterans’ Association based in Harlem of my congressional district. Along with my dear friend Percy Ellis Sutton, Major General Na-thaniel James, the first African American Com-mander of the New York State Guard, Korean War Veteran Donald H. Eaton, Civil Rights At-torney Paul Zuber and William K. Defosset, who served in the U.S. State Department and the New York Police Department were all ac-tive members who helped pass my bill in Con-gress to secure the Federal Charter for the Association. In 2003 when Sgt. Johnson was posthumously awarded the Distinguished Service Cross, we said we would not stop fighting until Sgt. Johnson was awarded the Medal of Honor. The late Filmmaker William Miles who was also a member and docu-mented the history of the Harlem Hellfighters in the film, ‘‘Men of Bronze’’ played a huge 
role in raising the awareness of Sgt. John-son’s heroism. Today is a victorious day for all of us, the people of Harlem, African Ameri-cans, our comrades in arms, friends in Con-gress and the community, as it marks a signifi-cant milestone in American history. We are exceedingly proud to see that Sgt. Henry Johnson has finally received the proper rec-ognition he has duly earned. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JUDSON HIGH 
SCHOOL WOMEN’S TRACK AND FIELD TEAM 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Judson High School women’s track and field team for their second state championship win under the leadership of Coach Renee Gerbich. 
On Saturday, May 16th, the Judson Rockets 
earned their spot as champions when Darionne Gibson, Dominique Allen, Zantori Dickerson, and Mariah Kuykendall won the gold medal in the final event of the UIL 6A state championship in Austin, the 1,600-meter relay. In the last eleven seasons, the team has won nine regional titles and two state championships. Last year, the Judson Rockets became the first women’s track and field team in the Greater San Antonio area to win a state title in the UIL’s 6A classification. 
As well as their triumph in the final event, 
the team broke the area record for the 200 with senior Kiana Horton’s gold medal-winning performance. Kiana Horton, Talajah Murrell, Konstance James, and Kiara Pickens broke the city and school records for the 400-meter relay, winning the silver medal. They were joined at the championship by junior Maia Campbell, who competed in shot put. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a momentous occasion 
for Judson High School and I am honored to have the opportunity to recognize the Judson Rockets for their record-setting victory. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, June 
1, 2015, I was unavoidably detained traveling from Wisconsin due to a weather related flight delay. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following ways: 
1.) On roll call no. 264 (Dingell Amendment 
to H.R. 1335)—No 
2.) On roll call no. 265 (Lowenthal Amend-
ment to H.R. 1335)—No 
3.) On roll call no. 266 (Democrat motion to 
recommit to H.R. 1335)—No 
4.) On roll call no. 267 (Passage of H.R. 
1335)—Aye 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:18 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02JN8.060 E02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D626 Tuesday, June 2, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.R. 2048, USA FREEDOM Act. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3419–S3635 
Measures Introduced: Fourteen bills were intro-
duced, as follows: S. 1473–1486.               Pages S3455–56 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1484, to improve accountability and trans-
parency in the United States financial regulatory sys-tem, protect access to credit for consumers, provide sensible relief to financial institutions.
           Page S3455 
Measures Passed: 
USA FREEDOM Act: By 67 yeas to 32 nays 
(Vote No. 201), Senate passed H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, after taking action on the fol-lowing amendments proposed thereto:
   Pages S3421–44 
Rejected: 
By 42 yeas to 56 nays (Vote No. 198), McConnell 
Amendment No. 1451 (to Amendment No. 1450), relating to appointment of amicus curiae. 
                                                                            Pages S3421, S3442 
By 44 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 199), McConnell 
Amendment No. 1450 (to Amendment No. 1449), of a perfecting nature.
                              Pages S3421, S3442 
By 43 yeas to 56 nays (Vote No. 200), McCon-
nell/Burr Amendment No. 1449, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                Pages S3421, S3442–43 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 83 yeas to 14 nays (Vote No. 197), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the bill.
           Pages S3427–28 
McConnell/Burr Amendment No. 1452 (to the 
language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 1449), of a perfecting nature. (Senate tabled the 
amendment.)                                                  Pages S3421, S3442 
McConnell Amendment No. 1453 (to Amend-
ment No. 1452), to change the enactment date, fell when McConnell/Burr Amendment No. 1452 (to the language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 1449) (listed above) was tabled. 
                                                                            Pages S3421, S3442 
National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached 
providing that the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1735, to 
authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, be withdrawn; that at 11 a.m., on Wednesday, June 3, 2015, Senate begin consideration of the bill, and it be in order for Sen-ator McCain to offer Amendment No. 1463, the text of which is identical to the Senate Committee on Armed Services reported NDAA bill, S. 1376, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year; and that the time until 2:30 p.m. be for debate only, and equally divided between the bill managers or their designees. 
                                                                                            Page S3442 
Signing Authority—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that dur-ing today’s session of the Senate, Senator Daines be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolu-tions.
                                                                                Page S3631 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nomination: 
Michael Keith Yudin, of the District of Columbia, 
to be Assistant Secretary for Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education. 
                                                                            Pages S3631, S3634 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:34 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02JN5.REC D02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D627 June 2, 2015 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Marie Therese Dominguez, of Virginia, to be Ad-
ministrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Department of Transpor-tation. 
Sarah Elizabeth Feinberg, of West Virginia, to be 
Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administra-tion. 
Roberta S. Jacobson, of Maryland, to be Ambas-
sador to the United Mexican States. 
1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 3 Army nominations in the rank of general. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Army, Marine Corps, and 
Navy.
                                                                       Pages S3631–34 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-
tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: 
A routine list in the Foreign Service.         Page S3634 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3454 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3454 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S3454–55 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3456–57 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3457–61 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3453–54 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S3461–S3630 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3631 
Record Votes: Five record votes were taken today. 
(Total—201)                                      Pages S3427–28, S3442–44 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:35 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, June 3, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S—————.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
PERSPECTIVES ON THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine perspec-tives on the Export-Import Bank of the United States, including S. 819, to reauthorize and reform the Export-Import Bank of the United States, after receiving testimony from Michael R. Strain, Amer-ican Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research, Daniel J. Ikenson, Cato Institute Herbert A. Stiefel Center for Trade Policy Studies, John Murphy, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and Linda Menghetti Dempsey, National Association of Manufacturers, all 
of Washington, D.C.; and Veronique de Rugy, George Mason University Mercatus Center, Arling-ton, Virginia. 
LIFELINE PROGRAM 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Communications, Technology, Innova-tion, and the Internet concluded a hearing to exam-ine Lifeline, focusing on improving accountability and effectiveness, after receiving testimony from Mi-chael Clements, Acting Director, Physical Infrastruc-ture Issues, Government Accountability Office; Ron-ald A. Bris `e, Florida Public Service Commission 
Commissioner, Tallahassee, on behalf of the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners; Randolph J. May, The Free State Foundation, Poto-mac, Maryland; Scott Bergmann, CTIA—The Wire-less Association, Washington, D.C.; and Jessica J. Gonz`alez, National Hispanic Media Coalition, Pasa-
dena, California. 
DROUGHT IN THE WESTERN UNITED 
STATES 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine the status of drought conditions throughout the Western United States and actions states and others are taking to ad-dress them, after receiving testimony from Michael Connor, Deputy Secretary of the Interior; Betsy A. Cody, Specialist in Natural Resource Policy, Con-gressional Research Service, Library of Congress; Thomas Buschatzke, Arizona Department of Water Resources Director, Phoenix; Tom Loranger, Wash-ington State Department of Ecology Program Man-ager, Olympia; Cannon Michael, The Family Farm Alliance, Los Banos, California; and James D. Ogsbury, Western Governors’ Association, Denver, Colorado. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE DATA 
THEFT 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine Internal Revenue Service data theft af-fecting taxpayer information, after receiving testi-mony from John A. Koskinen, Commissioner, Inter-nal Revenue Service, and J. Russell George, Inspec-tor General for Tax Administration, both of the De-partment of the Treasury. 
UNDERSTANDING IRAN’S NUCLEAR 
PROGRAM 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a 
closed briefing on understanding Iran’s nuclear pro-gram from Ernest Moniz, Secretary, Bill Goldstein, Director, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, Charlie McMillan, Director, Los Alamos National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:34 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02JN5.REC D02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D628 June 2, 2015 
Laboratory, and Thom Mason, Director, Oak Ridge 
National Laboratory, all of the Department of En-ergy. 
IRS DATA BREACH 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the 
IRS data breach, focusing on steps to protect Ameri-cans’ personal information, after receiving testimony from John A. Koskinen, Commissioner, and Terence 
V. Millholland, Chief Technology Officer, both of the Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury; Kevin Fu, University of Michigan Depart-ment of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Ann Arbor; Jeffrey E. Greene, Symantec Corporation, Washington, D.C.; and Mike Kasper, Poughkeepsie, New York. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 21 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2602–2622; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 289–291 were introduced.
                 Pages H3756–58 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3758–59 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 288, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 2289) to reauthorize the Commodity Fu-tures Trading Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide end-users with market cer-tainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and accountability at the Commission, to help farm-ers, ranchers, and end-users manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–136).
                                                         Page H3756 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Hultgren to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H3645 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:40 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H3649 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 240 yeas to 170 nays with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 269.
                                                                                  Page H3659 
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agen-
cies Appropriations Act, 2016: The House began 
consideration of H.R. 2578, making appropriations for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016. Consideration is expected to resume tomorrow, June 3.
                Pages H3652–H3755 
Agreed to: 
Guinta amendment that increases funding, by off-
set, for Drug Courts by $5,000,000;       Pages H3675–76 
Reichert amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice As-sistance Grant program by $1,000,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H3675–77 Nugent amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for Justice Programs State and Local Law En-forcement Assistance by $4,000,000;
      Pages H3679–81 
Poe (TX) amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for victim services programs for victims of trafficking by $17,300,000;
                         Pages H3681–82 
Smith (TX) amendment that redirects 
$21,000,000 in funding within National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration corporate services administrative support costs;
                       Pages H3687–88 
Clawson amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for operations, research and facilities of the 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration by $2,000,000;
                                                           Page H3689 
McKinley amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for salaries and expenses of the International Trade Commission by $2,000,000;
          Pages H3692–93 
Gosar amendment that reduces the general admin-
istration account of the Department of Justice by $2,209,500 and increases the general administration account of the Office of Inspector General by $1,709,000;
                                                          Pages H3694–95 
Brownley (CA) amendment, as modified, that in-
creases funding, by offset, for a veterans treatment courts program by $2,500,000;
                 Pages H3695–96 
MacArthur amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for enhanced training and services to end vio-lence against and abuse of women in later life by $750,000;
                                                                      Page H3696 
Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) that increases fund-
ing, by offset, for the Office of Justice state and local law enforcement assistance program by $2,000,000 (by a recorded vote of 417 ayes to 10 noes, Roll No. 272);
                                                     Pages H3693–94, H3698–99 
Gosar amendment that reduces funding for the 
salaries, expenses, and general legal activities of the Department of Justice by $1,000,000 and applies the savings to the spending reduction account (by a recorded vote of 228 ayes to 198 noes, Roll No. 273);
                                              Pages H3696–97, H3699–H3700 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:34 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02JN5.REC D02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D629 June 2, 2015 
Cohen amendment that increases funding, by off-
set, for a grant program for community-based sexual assault response reform by $4,000,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H3702–03 
Ted Lieu (CA) amendment that reduces funding 
for the Drug Enforcement Administration by $9,000,000, increases funding for the Office on Vio-lence Against Women by $4,000,000; and increases funding for programs authorized by the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 by $3,000,000;
   Page H3703 
Castro (TX) amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, to improve community-police relations by $10,000,000;
                                                       Pages H3703–04 
Gosar amendment that increases funding, by off-
set, for veterans treatment courts by $5,000,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H3705–06 
Gosar amendment that increases funding, by off-
set, for a program to monitor prescription drugs and scheduled limited chemical products by $5,000,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H3706–07 
Buck amendment that appropriates funds to inves-
tigate or act upon applications for relief from Federal firearms disabilities under section 925 (c) of title 18, United States Code;
                                          Pages H3708–09 
Moore amendment that increases funding, by off-
set, for mental health courts and adult and juvenile collaboration grants by $2,000,000;
                Page H3709 
Connolly amendment that increases funding, by 
offset, for veterans treatment court programs by $1,000,000;
                                                          Pages H3709–16 
Engel amendment that prohibits funds from being 
used by the Department of Commerce, the Depart-ment of Justice, or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in ac-cordance with Presidential Memorandum-Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011; 
                                                                                    Pages H3724–25 
Poe (TX) amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds made available for the Department of Justice or the FBI to mandate or request that a person alter the product or service of the person to permit the electronic surveillance of any user of such product or service except in the case of mandates or requests au-thorized under the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act;
                                    Pages H3725–27 
Polis amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to execute a subpoena of tangible things pursuant to the Controlled Substances Act that does not include the following sentence: ‘‘This subpoena limits the collection of any tangible things (including phone numbers dialed, telephone numbers of incoming calls, and the duration of calls) to those tangible things identified by a term that specifically identifies an individual, account, address, or personal device, and that limits, to the greatest extent reasonably practicable, the scope of the tangible things 
sought.’’;
                                                                        Page H3727 
Poe (TX) amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to enforce section 221 of title 13, United States Code, with respect to the survey, conducted 
by the Secretary of Commerce, commonly referred to as the ‘‘American Community Survey’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H3730–32 
Goodlatte amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel of the Department of Justice to negotiate or con-clude a settlement with the Federal Government that includes terms requiring the defendant to donate or contribute funds to an organization or individual; 
                                                                                    Pages H3733–34 
Carter (TX) amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to propose or to issue a rule that would change the Chief Law Enforcement Officer certificate requirement in a manner that has the same substance as the proposed rule published on Sept. 9, 2013 
                                                                                    Pages H3735–36 
Ellison amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
by the Department of Justice in violation of the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution; or to repeal the guidance pro-vided in the memorandum issued by the Attorney General on March 31, 2015;
                       Pages H3737–38 
Black amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to require, pursuant to section 478.124 to title 27, or section 25.7 of title 28, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or the Office of Management and Budget Sta-tistical Policy Directive No. 15, Race and Ethnic Standards for Federal Statistics and Administrative Reporting;
                                                             Pages H3739–40 
Meadows amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to negotiate or enter into a trade agreement that establishes a limit on greenhouse gas emissions for the United States;
                                              Page H3741 
Grayson amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to enter into a contract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, as required by Federal Acquisition Regulation;
                Pages H3741–42 
Hudson amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to treat any M855 or SS. 109 type ammuni-tion as armor piercing ammunition for purposes of chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code; 
                                                                                    Pages H3742–43 
Perry amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to implement the United States Global Climate Re-search Program’s National Climate Assessment, the Intergovernmental Report, the United Nation’s Agenda 21 sustainable development plan, or the May 2013 Technical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis under Executive Order 12866;
                                                               Page H3752 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:34 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02JN5.REC D02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D630 June 2, 2015 
Marino amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
for the Department of Justice’s clemency initiative announced on April 23, 2014, or for Clemency Project 2014, or to transfer or temporarily assign 
employees to the Office of the Pardon Attorney for the purpose of screening clemency applications; and 
                                                                                    Pages H3753–54 
Austin Scott (GA) amendment that prohibits the 
use of funds by the NOAA to enforce: 
1) Amendment 40 to the Fishery Management 
Plan for the Reef Fish Resources of the Gulf of Mex-ico published in the Federal Register on April 22, 2015 or 2) Red Snapper in federal waters of the Gulf of Mexico lasting longer than 5 times the number of days recreational fishers are allowed to catch and retain at least two such fish each day in such federal waters.
                                                                     Pages H3754–55 
Rejected: 
McClintock amendment that sought to reduce 
funding for the International Trade Administration by $311,788,000 and apply the savings to the spending reduction account (by a recorded vote of 154 ayes to 263 noes, Roll No. 270); 
                                                                Pages H3678–79, H3697–98 
Esty amendment that sought to increase funding 
for the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partner-ship of the National Institute of Standards of Tech-nology by $11,000,000 and reduce funding for buildings and facilities of the National Prison Sys-tem by $31,000,000 (by a recorded vote of 213 ayes to 214 noes, Roll No. 271);
           Pages H3683–84, H3698 
Cohen amendment that sought to increase fund-
ing, by offset, for the Legal Services Corporation by $10,000,000 (agreed by unanimous consent to with-draw the earlier request for a recorded vote to the end that the amendment stand adopted in accord-ance with the previous voice vote thereon); 
                                                                                    Pages H3704–05 
Byrne amendment that sought to reduce funding 
for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms salaries and expenses by $250,000,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H3707–08 
Nadler amendment that sought to strike section 
528 of the bill, which prohibits use of funds to con-struct, acquire, or modify any facility in the U.S., its territories, or possessions to house any individual who as of June 24, 2009, is located at U.S. Naval Air Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; and 
                                                                                    Pages H3716–21 
Blumenauer amendment that sought to prohibit 
the use of funds for any inspection under the Con-trolled Substances Act with respect to narcotic drugs or combinations of such drugs, being dispensed for maintenance or detoxification treatment. 
                                                                                    Pages H3734–35 Withdrawn: 
Goodlatte amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing, by offset, for Federal Prisoner Detention by $293,000,000;
                                                     Pages H3674–75 
Poliquin amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing, by offset, for the International Trade Adminis-tration by $44,000,000;
                                 Pages H3677–78 
Eddie Bernice Johnson (TX) amendment that was 
offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have redirected $3,000,000 in funding within the NIST Scientific and Technical Research and Services; 
                                                                                    Pages H3682–83 
Austin Scott (GA) amendment that was offered 
and subsequently withdrawn that would have re-duced funding for the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration’s relocation of facilities ac-count by $3,200,000 and applied the savings to the spending reduction account;
                                Page H3684 
Blumenauer amendment that was offered and sub-
sequently withdrawn that would have redirected $60,760,000 in funding within the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration’s operations, research, and facilities;
                                    Pages H3684–85 
Guinta amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have redirected $70,000,000 in funding within the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration’s operations, research, and facilities;
                                    Pages H3685–86 
Polis amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have redirected $30,000,000 in funding within the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration’s operations, research, and facilities;
                                    Pages H3686–87 
Keating amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have redirected $1,750,000 in funding within the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s operations, re-search, and facilities;
                                        Pages H3688–89 
Bonamici amendment (No. 4 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 1, 2015) that was offered 
and subsequently withdrawn that would have redi-rected $21,559,000 in funding within the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s oper-ations, research, and facilities;
                     Pages H3689–91 
Bridenstine amendment that was offered and sub-
sequently withdrawn that would have redirected $9,000,000 in funding within the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s procurement, ac-quisition and construction;
                                   Page H3691 
Bonamici amendment (No. 5 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 1, 2015) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have in-creased funding for Procurement, Acquisition, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:34 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02JN5.REC D02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D631 June 2, 2015 
Construction for the National Oceanic and Atmos-
pheric Administration by $380,000,000; 
                                                                                    Pages H3691–92 
Esty amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have struck section 532 from the bill, which prohibits use of funds to pay the salaries or expenses of personnel to deny, or fail to act on, an application for the importation of any model of shotgun if all other requirements of law with respect to the proposed importation are met and no application for the importation of such model of shotgun, in the same configuration, had been denied by the Attorney General prior to Janu-ary 1, 2011, on the basis that the shotgun was not particularly suitable for or readily adaptable to sport-ing purposes; and strikes section 537 from the bill, which prohibits the use of funds to require a person licensed under section 923 of title 18, United States Code, to report information to the Department of Justice regarding the sale of multiple rifles or shot-guns to the same person;
                               Pages H3721–22 
Schweikert amendment that was offered and sub-
sequently withdrawn that would have prohibited the use of funds be used to transfer cell site simulators, or IMSI Catcher, or similar cell phone tower mim-icking technology to state and local law enforcement that haven’t adopted procedures for the use of such technology that protects the constitutional rights of citizens;
                                                                           Page H3724 
Scott (VA) amendment that was offered and sub-
sequently withdrawn that would have revised amounts in the bill by reducing the amount made available for the Federal Prison Systems salaries and expenses, and increasing the amount made available for Office of Justice Programs, Office of Juvenile Justice Delinquency and Prevention by $69,515,000; 
                                                                                            Page H3729 
Lee amendment that was offered and subsequently 
withdrawn that would have provided for States to re-quire all individuals enrolled in an academy of a law enforcement agency of the State and all law enforce-ment officers of the State fulfill a training session on sensitivity each fiscal year, including training on eth-nic and racial bias, cultural diversity, and police interaction with the disabled, mentally ill, and new immigrants;
                                                          Pages H3729–30 
Poe (TX) amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have prohibited the use of funds for DNA analysis and capacity enhance-ment program and for other local, State, and Federal forensic activities for which funds are made available under this Act as part of the $125 million for DNA- related forensic programs and activities; and 
                                                                                            Page H3737 
Richmond amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have reduced the ag-gregate amount made available for Federal Prison 
System salaries and expenses, and by increasing the amount made available for the Office of Justice Pro-grams, Juvenile Justice Programs for youth men-toring grants, by $155,900,000.
               Pages H3740–41 
Point of Order sustained against: Collins (GA) amendment that sought to prohibit 
the use of funds to provide assistance to a State, or political subdivision of a State, that has in effect any law, policy, or procedure in contravention of immi-gration laws.
                                                         Pages H3743–44 
Proceedings Postponed: Pittenger amendment that seeks to increase fund-
ing, by offset, for salaries and expenses of the FBI by $25,000,000;
                                                Pages H3701–02 
Nadler amendment that seeks to strike section 
527 of the bill, which prohibits use of funds to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the U.S., its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who is not a U.S. citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the U.S. and is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at the U.S. Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense; 
                                                                                    Pages H3716–21 
Farr amendment that seeks to strike section 540 
from the bill, which prohibits use of funds to facili-tate, permit, license, or promote exports to the Cuban military or intelligence service or to any offi-cer of the Cuban military or intelligence service, or an immediate family member thereof;
    Pages H3722–24 
Blackburn amendment (No. 1 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 1, 2015) that seeks to re-duce amounts made available by 1 percent, except those amounts made available to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and certain accounts of the Depart-ment of Justice;
                                                  Pages H3727–29 
Foster amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to fund any Experimental Program to Stim-ulate Competitive Research (EPSCoR) program; 
                                                                                    Pages H3732–33 
Bonamici amendment (No. 9 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 1, 2015) that seeks to pro-hibit funds from being used by the Department of Justice to prevent a State from implementing its own State laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession, or cultivation of industrial hemp, as de-fined in section 7606 of the Agricultural Act of 2014;
                                                                       Pages H3736–37 
Ellison amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to enter into a contract with any person whose disclosures of a proceeding with a disposition listed in section 2313(c)(1) of title 41, United States Code, in the Federal Awardee Performance and In-tegrity Information System include the term ‘‘Fair Labor Standards Act’’;
                                     Pages H3738–39 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:34 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02JN5.REC D02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D632 June 2, 2015 
Grayson amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to negotiate or enter into a trade agreement whose negotiating texts are confidential; 
                                                                                    Pages H3744–45 
Rohrabacher amendment that seeks to prohibit 
the use of funds by various states to prevent any of them from implementing their own laws that au-thorize the use, distribution, possessions, or cultiva-tion of medical marijuana;
                            Pages H3745–47 
Grayson amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to compel a person to testify about informa-tion or sources that the person states in a motion to quash the subpoena that he has obtained as a jour-nalist or reporter and that he regards as confidential; 
                                                                                            Page H3747 
McClintock amendment that seeks to prohibit the 
use of funds by various states to prevent any of them from implementing their own laws that authorize the use, distribution, possessions, or cultivation of marijuana on non-Federal lands within their respec-tive jurisdictions;
                                               Pages H3748–50 
Perry amendment that seeks to prohibit the use of 
funds to take any action to prevent a State from im-plementing any law that makes it lawful to possess, distribute, or use cannabidiol oil; and
    Pages H3750–52 
Garrett amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to enforce the Fair Housing Act in a man-ner that relies upon an allegation of liability under section 100.500 of title 24, Code of Federal Regula-tions.
                                                                        Pages H3752–53 
H. Res. 287, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2577) and (H.R. 2578) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 180 nays, Roll No. 268, after the previous question was or-dered.
                                                                       Pages H3658–59 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
today appears on page H3694. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
four recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3658–59, H3659, H3697–98, H3698–99 and H3699–H3700. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 2:05 a.m. on Wednesday, June 3, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
UPDATE ON THE FINANCIAL HEALTH OF FARM COUNTRY 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on General 
Farm Commodities and Risk Management held a hearing entitled ‘‘Update on the Financial Health of Farm Country’’. Testimony was heard from Nathan Kauffman, Assistant Vice President and Omaha Branch Executive, Omaha Branch, Federal Reserve 
Bank of Kansas City; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a 
markup on the Defense Appropriations Bill for FY 2016. The Defense Appropriations Bill for FY 2016 was ordered reported, as amended. 
QUADRENNIAL ENERGY REVIEW AND 
RELATED DISCUSSION DRAFTS 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘Quadren-nial Energy Review and Related Discussion Drafts’’. Testimony was heard from Ernest Moniz, Secretary, Department of Energy; Scott Martin, Commissioner, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania; and public wit-nesses. 
MEDICAID PROGRAM INTEGRITY: 
SCREENING OUT ERRORS, FRAUD, AND ABUSE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Medicaid Program Integrity: Screening Out Errors, Fraud, and Abuse’’. Testimony was heard from Seto J. Bagdoyan, Director, Audit Services, Forensic Au-dits and Investigative Service, Government Account-ability Office; and Shantanu Agrawal, M.D., Deputy Administrator and Director, Center for Program In-tegrity, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services. 
AN UPDATE ON THE TAKATA AIRBAG 
RUPTURES AND RECALLS 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘An Update on the Takata Airbag Ruptures and Recalls’’. Testimony was heard from Mark R. Rosekind, Administrator, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee 
began a markup on H.R. 2576, the ‘‘TSCA Mod-ernization Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2583, the ‘‘Fed-eral Communications Commission Process Reform Act of 2015’’. 
THE NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE 
PROGRAM: OVERSIGHT OF SUPERSTORM SANDY CLAIMS 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘The National Flood Insurance Program: Oversight of Superstorm Sandy Claims’’. Testimony was heard from Brad Kieserman, Deputy Associate Adminis-trator, Insurance, Federal Insurance and Mitigation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:34 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02JN5.REC D02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D633 June 2, 2015 
Administration, Federal Emergency Management 
Agency. 
AMERICANS DETAINED IN IRAN; 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Americans Detained in Iran’’; and a markup on H. Res. 233, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Iran should imme-diately release the three United States citizens it holds, as well as provide all known information on any United States citizens that have disappeared within its borders. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. H. Res. 233 was ordered reported, with-out amendment. 
STATE DEPARTMENT’S 
COUNTERTERRORISM BUREAU 
Committee on Foreign Affairs : Subcommittee on Ter-
rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘State Department’s Counterterrorism Bu-reau’’. Testimony was heard from Charles Johnson, Jr., Director, International Security Issues, Inter-national Affairs and Trade, Government Account-ability Office; and Justin Siberell, Deputy Coordi-nator for Regional Affairs and Programs, Bureau of Counterterrorism, Department of State. 
THE OUTER RING OF BORDER SECURITY: 
DHS’S INTERNATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Border and Maritime Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Outer Ring of Border Security: DHS’s Inter-national Security Programs’’. Testimony was heard from Alan D. Bersin, Assistant Secretary and Chief Diplomatic Officer, Office of Policy, Department of Homeland Security; John Wagner, Deputy Assistant Commissioner, Office of Field Operations, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Se-curity; Lev J. Kubiak, Assistant Director, Inter-national Operations, Homeland Security Investiga-tions, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, De-partment of Homeland Security; and Rebecca Gam-bler, Director, Homeland Security and Justice Issues, Government Accountability Office. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-
latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing on H.R. 2315, the ‘‘Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1643, the ‘‘Digital Goods and Services Tax Fairness Act of 2015’’; and the ‘‘Business Activity Tax Sim-plification Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. BUSINESS MEETING; FIRST AMENDMENT 
PROTECTIONS ON PUBLIC COLLEGE AND UNIVERSITY CAMPUSES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-
stitution and Civil Justice held a business meeting to adopt rules of procedure for Private Claims Bills; and a hearing entitled ‘‘First Amendment Protec-tions on Public College and University Campuses’’. The rules of procedure for Private Claims Bills were adopted. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
ENSURING TRANSPARENCY THROUGH 
THE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Trans-parency through the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
COMMODITY END-USER RELIEF ACT 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 2289, the ‘‘Commodity End-User Relief Act’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 8–2, a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of gen-eral debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Agriculture. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–18 and provides that it shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides that the Committee on Appropriations may, at any time before 5 p.m. on Friday, June 5, 2015, file privileged reports to accompany measures making appropriations for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016. Testimony was heard from Chair-man Conaway and Representative Peterson. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:34 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02JN5.REC D02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D634 June 2, 2015 
OVERSIGHT OF THE AMTRAK ACCIDENT 
IN PHILADELPHIA 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Amtrak Accident in Philadelphia’’. Testimony was heard from Christopher Hart, Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board; Sarah Feinberg, Acting Administrator, Federal Railroad Administration; and public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-
nomic Opportunity held a hearing on H.R. 356, the ‘‘Wounded Warrior Employment Improvement Act’’; H.R. 832, the ‘‘Veterans Employment and Training Service Longitudinal Study Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1994, the ‘‘VA Accountability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2133, the ‘‘Servicemembers’ Choice in Transi-tion Act’’; H.R. 2275, the ‘‘Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2344, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the voca-tional rehabilitation programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs; H.R. 2360, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the approval of cer-tain programs of education for purposes of edu-cational assistance provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs; H.R. 2361, to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend the authority to pro-vide work-study allowance for certain activities by individuals receiving educational assistance by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; and a draft bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain modifications and improvements in the transfer of unused educational assistance benefits under the Post 9/11 Educational Assistance Program of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. Testimony was heard from Representatives Flores; Cook; and Sean Patrick Maloney of New York; Cur-tis L. Coy, Deputy Under Secretary for Economic Opportunity, Veterans Benefits Administration, De-partment of Veterans Affairs; Teresa W. Gerton, Acting Assistant Secretary, Veterans’ Employment and Training Service, Department of Labor; Susan S. Kelly, Director, Transition to Veterans Program Of-fice, Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held 
a markup on H.R. 160, the ‘‘Protect Medical Inno-vation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1190, the ‘‘Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2015’’; S. 984, the ‘‘Steve Gleason Act of 2015’’; S. 971, the ‘‘Medi-care Independence at Home Medical Practice Dem-onstration Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2580, the ‘‘LTCH Technical Correction Act of 2015’’; H.R. 
2505, the ‘‘Medicare Advantage Coverage Trans-parency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2506, the ‘‘Seniors’ Health Care Plan Protection Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2507, the ‘‘Increasing Regulatory Fairness Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2579, the ‘‘Securing Care for Seniors Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2581, the ‘‘Preservation of Access for Seniors in Medicare Advantage Act of 2015’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 160, H.R. 2580, H.R. 2505, H.R. 2506, H.R. 2507, H.R. 2579, and H.R. 2581. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 1190, S. 984, and S. 971. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D613) 
H.R. 1690, to designate the United States court-
house located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse’’. Signed on May 29, 2015. (Pub-lic Law 114–20) 
H.R. 2353, to provide an extension of Federal-aid 
highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, tran-sit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund. Signed on May 29, 2015. (Public Law 114–21) 
S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of traf-
ficking. Signed on May 29, 2015. (Public Law 114–22) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
JUNE 3, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-
ings to examine challenges and implications of EPA’s proposed national ambient air quality standard for ground-level ozone, including S. 638, to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to exceptional event demonstrations, S. 751, to improve the establishment of any lower ground-level ozone standards, and S. 640, to amend the Clean Air Act to delay the review and revision of the na-tional ambient air quality standards for ozone, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider an 
original bill entitled, ‘‘Audit & Appeal Fairness, Integ-rity, and Reforms in Medicare Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine implications of the Iran nuclear agreement for United States policy in the Middle East, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:34 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02JN5.REC D02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D635 June 2, 2015 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine reauthorizing the Higher Edu-cation Act, focusing on ensuring college affordability, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine top government investigator positions left unfilled for years, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: business 
meeting to consider S. 1292, to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to treat certain qualified disaster areas as HUBZones and to extend the period for HUBZone treat-ment for certain base closure areas, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Recovery Improvements for Small Entities (RISE) After Disaster Act of 2015’’, an original resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate that the rule relating to the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Clean Water Act will have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small enti-ties, the nomination of Douglas J. Kramer, of Kansas, to be Deputy Administrator of the Small Business Adminis-tration, and other pending calendar business, 10 a.m., SR–428A. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-
ine S. 207, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use existing authorities to furnish health care at non-De-partment of Veterans Affairs facilities to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Department that furnishes the care sought by the veteran, S. 297, to revive and expand the Intermediate Care Technician Pilot Program of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, S. 425, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five-year extension to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regarding eligibility for services under such programs, S. 471, to improve the provision of health care for women veterans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 684, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of services for homeless veterans, and other pending calendar business, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Review of Agricultural Subsidies in Foreign Coun-tries’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on State, 
Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, markup on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appro-priations Bill, FY 2016, 10:30 a.m., H–140 Capitol. 
Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘The Congressional Budget Office: Oversight Hear-ing’’, 10 a.m., 210 Cannon. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Compulsory Unionization through Grievance Fees: The NLRB’s Assault on Right- 
to-Work’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 2576, the ‘‘TSCA Modernization Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2583, the ‘‘Federal Communications Commission Process Reform Act of 2015’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Power, hearing entitled 
‘‘Discussion Draft on Accountability and Department of Energy Perspectives on Title IV: Energy Efficiency’’, 2 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Examining the Export-Import Bank’s Reauthor-ization Request and the Government’s Role in Export Fi-nancing’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the Mid-
dle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Towards ISIL After Terror Group Seizes Ramadi and Pal-myra’’, 12 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global 
Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of U.S.-Zimbabwe Relations’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Terrorism Gone Viral: The Attack in Garland, Texas and Beyond’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘House Officer Priorities for 2016 and Beyond’’, 1 p.m., 1310 Longworth. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal 
Lands, hearing on a discussion draft entitled the ‘‘Return-ing Resilience to our Overgrown, Fire-prone National Forests Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Agency Compliance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Road Ahead: Small Businesses and the Need for a Long-Term Surface Transportation Reauthor-ization’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Health, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing VA’s Ability to Promptly Pay Non-VA Providers’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on 
Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting the Safety Net from Waste, Fraud, and Abuse’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine 
the employment effects of the Affordable Care Act, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:34 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02JN5.REC D02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD636 June 2, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, June 3 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond 11 a.m.), Senate will begin consideration of H.R. 1735, National Defense Authorization Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, June 3 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Continue consideration 
of H.R. 2578—Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of H.R. 2577—Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Aguilar, Pete, Calif., E812 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E814, E818, E822 Becerra, Xavier, Calif., E824, E826 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E823, E825 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E819 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E826 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E823, E825, E826 Curbelo, Carlos, Fla., E816 Delaney, John K., Md., E811 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E811, E813 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E825 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E826 Farenthold, Blake, Tex., E817 Fincher, Stephen Lee, Tenn., E819 
Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E814, E816, E817, 
E820, E821 
Gutie ´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E824 
Huffman, Jared, Calif., E811 Hurd, Will, Tex., E812 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E818, E821 Kato, John, N.Y., E812 King, Peter T., N.Y., E823 Langevin, James R., R.I., E813 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E815, E822 Marino, Tom, Pa., E812 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E820 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E820 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E814, E816 Olson, Pete, Tex., E823, E823, E823, E824, E824, E824, 
E825, E825, E825, E826 
Pittenger, Robert, N.S., E815 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E819 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E826 Roe, David P., Tenn., E817 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E812 Sarbanes, John P., Md., E811 Smith, Jason, Mo., E814, E817, E818, E819, E822 Takai, Mark, Hawaii, E818 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E813, E815, E815, E816, 
E817, E818, E819, E821, E822, E822 
Vargas, Juan, Calif., E815 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E819 Zinke, Ryan K., Mont., E811 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:34 Jun 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02JN5.REC D02JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST