Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1017 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 2015 No. 30 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, February 24, 2015, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , FEBRUARY 23, 2015 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. O Lord, as our lips are open in pray-
er, so may our hearts be open to re-ceive Your guidance. Help us to bow to Your will and live lives devoted to Your providential leading. 
Bless our Senators in their work. Let 
faith, hope, and love abound in their lives. Help them to seek to heal the hurt in our world. Remind them that they will be judged by their fruits and that You require them to be faithful. May they seek to serve rather than be served, following Your example of hu-mility and sacrifice. Open their minds and give them a vision of the unlimited possibilities available to those who trust You as their guide. 
Lord, we thank You for the faith and 
legacy of our first President, George Washington. 
We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Under the previous order, 
the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
READING OF WASHINGTON’S 
FAREWELL ADDRESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to the order of the Senate of January 24, 1901, as amended by the order of February 9, 2015, the Senator from North Dakota, Mr. H
OEVEN , will now 
read Washington’s Farewell Address. 
Mr. HOEVEN, at the rostrum, read 
the Farewell Address, as follows: 
To the people of the United States 
FRIENDS AND FELLOW -CITIZENS : The 
period for a new election of a citizen to administer the executive government of the United States being not far dis-tant, and the time actually arrived when your thoughts must be employed in designating the person who is to be clothed with that important trust, it appears to me proper, especially as it may conduce to a more distinct expres-sion of the public voice, that I should now apprise you of the resolution I have formed, to decline being consid-ered among the number of those out of whom a choice is to be made. 
I beg you at the same time to do me 
the justice to be assured that this reso-lution has not been taken without a strict regard to all the considerations appertaining to the relation which binds a dutiful citizen to his country— and that, in withdrawing the tender of service which silence in my situation might imply, I am influenced by no diminution of zeal for your future in-terest, no deficiency of grateful respect 
for your past kindness, but am sup-ported by a full conviction that the step is compatible with both. 
The acceptance of, and continuance 
hitherto in, the office to which your suffrages have twice called me have been a uniform sacrifice of inclination to the opinion of duty and to a def-erence for what appeared to be your de-sire. I constantly hoped that it would have been much earlier in my power, consistently with motives which I was not at liberty to disregard, to return to that retirement from which I had been reluctantly drawn. The strength of my inclination to do this, previous to the last election, had even led to the prepa-ration of an address to declare it to you; but mature reflection on the then perplexed and critical posture of our affairs with foreign nations, and the unanimous advice of persons entitled to my confidence, impelled me to aban-don the idea. 
I rejoice that the state of your con-
cerns, external as well as internal, no longer renders the pursuit of inclina-tion incompatible with the sentiment of duty or propriety and am persuaded, whatever partiality may be retained for my services, that in the present cir-cumstances of our country you will not disapprove my determination to retire. 
The impressions with which I first 
undertook the arduous trust were ex-
plained on the proper occasion. In the discharge of this trust, I will only say that I have, with good intentions, con-tributed towards the organization and administration of the government the best exertions of which a very fallible judgment was capable. Not unconscious 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.000 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1018 February 23, 2015 
in the outset of the inferiority of my 
qualifications, experience in my own eyes, perhaps still more in the eyes of others, has strengthened the motives to diffidence of myself, and every day the increasing weight of years admon-ishes me more and more that the shade of retirement is as necessary to me as it will be welcome. Satisfied that if any circumstances have given peculiar value to my services, they were tem-porary, I have the consolation to be-lieve that, while choice and prudence invite me to quit the political scene, patriotism does not forbid it. 
In looking forward to the moment 
which is intended to terminate the ca-reer of my public life, my feelings do not permit me to suspend the deep ac-knowledgment of that debt of gratitude which I owe to my beloved country for the many honors it has conferred upon me, still more for the steadfast con-fidence with which it has supported me and for the opportunities I have thence enjoyed of manifesting my inviolable 
attachment by services faithful and persevering, though in usefulness un-equal to my zeal. If benefits have re-sulted to our country from these serv-ices, let it always be remembered to your praise and as an instructive exam-ple in our annals that, under cir-cumstances in which the passions agi-tated in every direction were liable to mislead, amidst appearances some-times dubious, vicissitudes of fortune often discouraging, in situations in which not unfrequently want of success has countenanced the spirit of criti-cism, the constancy of your support was the essential prop of the efforts and a guarantee of the plans by which they were effected. Profoundly pene-trated with this idea, I shall carry it with me to my grave as a strong incite-ment to unceasing vows that Heaven may continue to you the choicest to-kens of its beneficence; that your union and brotherly affection may be perpetual; that the free constitution, which is the work of your hands, may be sacredly maintained; that its admin-istration in every department may be stamped with wisdom and virtue; that, in fine, the happiness of the people of these states, under the auspices of lib-erty, may be made complete by so care-ful a preservation and so prudent a use of this blessing as will acquire to them the glory of recommending it to the ap-plause, the affection, and adoption of every nation which is yet a stranger to it. 
Here, perhaps, I ought to stop. But a 
solicitude for your welfare, which can-not end but with my life, and the ap-prehension of danger natural to that solicitude, urge me on an occasion like the present to offer to your solemn contemplation, and to recommend to your frequent review, some sentiments which are the result of much reflec-tion, of no inconsiderable observation, and which appear to me all important to the permanency of your felicity as a people. These will be offered to you with the more freedom as you can only see in them the disinterested warnings 
of a parting friend, who can possibly have no personal motive to bias his counsel. Nor can I forget, as an encour-agement to it, your indulgent recep-tion of my sentiments on a former and not dissimilar occasion. 
Interwoven as is the love of liberty 
with every ligament of your hearts, no recommendation of mine is necessary to fortify or confirm the attachment. 
The unity of government which con-
stitutes you one people is also now dear to you. It is justly so; for it is a main pillar in the edifice of your real independence, the support of your tran-quility at home, your peace abroad, of your safety, of your prosperity, of that very liberty which you so highly prize. But as it is easy to foresee that, from different causes and from different quarters, much pains will be taken, many artifices employed, to weaken in your minds the conviction of this truth; as this is the point in your polit-ical fortress against which the bat-teries of internal and external enemies will be most constantly and actively (though often covertly and insidiously) directed, it is of infinite moment that you should properly estimate the im-mense value of your national Union to your collective and individual happi-ness; that you should cherish a cordial, habitual, and immovable attachment to it; accustoming yourselves to think and speak of it as of the palladium of your political safety and prosperity; watching for its preservation with jeal-ous anxiety; discountenancing what-ever may suggest even a suspicion that it can in any event be abandoned; and indignantly frowning upon the first dawning of every attempt to alienate any portion of our country from the rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties which now link together the various parts. 
For this you have every inducement 
of sympathy and interest. Citizens by birth or choice of a common country, that country has a right to concentrate your affections. The name of American, which belongs to you in your national capacity, must always exalt the just pride of patriotism more than any ap-pellation derived from local discrimi-nations. With slight shades of dif-ference, you have the same religion, manners, habits, and political prin-ciples. You have in a common cause fought and triumphed together. The independence and liberty you possess are the work of joint councils and joint efforts—of common dangers, sufferings, and successes. 
But these considerations, however 
powerfully they address themselves to your sensibility, are greatly out-weighed by those which apply more im-mediately to your interest. Here every portion of our country finds the most commanding motives for carefully guarding and preserving the Union of the whole. 
The North, in an unrestrained inter-
course with the South, protected by the equal laws of a common govern-ment, finds in the productions of the 
latter great additional resources of maritime and commercial enterprise and precious materials of manufac-turing industry. The South in the same intercourse, benefitting by the agency of the North, sees its agriculture grow and its commerce expand. Turning partly into its own channels the sea-men of the North, it finds its particular navigation invigorated; and while it contributes, in different ways, to nour-ish and increase the general mass of the national navigation, it looks for-ward to the protection of a maritime strength to which itself is unequally adapted. The East, in a like intercourse with the West, already finds, and in the progressive improvement of interior communications by land and water will more and more find a valuable vent for the commodities which it brings from abroad or manufactures at home. The West derives from the East supplies requisite to its growth and comfort— and what is perhaps of still greater consequence, it must of necessity owe the secure enjoyment of indispensable outlets for its own productions to the weight, influence, and the future mari-time strength of the Atlantic side of the Union, directed by an indissoluble community of interest as one nation. Any other tenure by which the West can hold this essential advantage, whether derived from its own separate strength or from an apostate and un-natural connection with any foreign power, must be intrinsically precar-
ious. 
While then every part of our country 
thus feels an immediate and particular interest in union, all the parts com-bined cannot fail to find in the united mass of means and efforts greater strength, greater resource, proportion-ably greater security from external danger, a less frequent interruption of their peace by foreign nations; and, what is of inestimable value! they must derive from union an exemption from those broils and wars between them-selves which so frequently afflict neighboring countries not tied together by the same government, which their own rivalships alone would be suffi-cient to produce, but which opposite foreign alliances, attachments, and in-trigues would stimulate and embitter. Hence likewise they will avoid the ne-cessity of those overgrown military es-tablishments, which under any form of government are inauspicious to liberty, and which are to be regarded as par-ticularly hostile to republican liberty. In this sense it is, that your Union ought to be considered as a main prop of your liberty, and that the love of the one ought to endear to you the preser-vation of the other. 
These considerations speak a persua-
sive language to every reflecting and virtuous mind and exhibit the continu-ance of the Union as a primary object of patriotic desire. Is there a doubt whether a common government can embrace so large a sphere? Let experi-ence solve it. To listen to mere specu-lation in such a case were criminal. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.001 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1019 February 23, 2015 
are authorized to hope that a proper 
organization of the whole, with the auxiliary agency of governments for the respective subdivisions, will afford a happy issue to the experiment. It is well worth a fair and full experiment. With such powerful and obvious mo-tives to union affecting all parts of our country, while experience shall not have demonstrated its imprac-ticability, there will always be reason to distrust the patriotism of those who in any quarter may endeavor to weak-en its bands. 
In contemplating the causes which 
may disturb our Union, it occurs as matter of serious concern that any ground should have been furnished for characterizing parties by geographical discriminations—northern and south-ern—Atlantic and western; whence de-signing men may endeavor to excite a belief that there is a real difference of local interests and views. One of the expedients of party to acquire influ-ence within particular districts is to 
misrepresent the opinions and aims of other districts. You cannot shield yourselves too much against the jealousies and heart burnings which spring from these misrepresentations. They tend to render alien to each other those who ought to be bound together by fraternal affection. The inhabitants of our western country have lately had a useful lesson on this head. They have seen in the negotiation by the execu-tive—and in the unanimous ratifica-tion by the Senate—of the treaty with Spain, and in the universal satisfaction at that event throughout the United States, a decisive proof how unfounded were the suspicions propagated among them of a policy in the general govern-ment and in the Atlantic states un-friendly to their interests in regard to the Mississippi. They have been wit-nesses to the formation of two treaties, that with Great Britain and that with Spain, which secure to them every-thing they could desire, in respect to our foreign relations, towards con-firming their prosperity. Will it not be their wisdom to rely for the preserva-tion of these advantages on the Union by which they were procured? Will they not henceforth be deaf to those advis-ers, if such there are, who would sever them from their brethren and connect them with aliens? 
To the efficacy and permanency of 
your Union, a government for the whole is indispensable. No alliances, however strict, between the parts can be an adequate substitute. They must inevitably experience the infractions and interruptions which all alliances in all times have experienced. Sensible of this momentous truth, you have im-proved upon your first essay by the adoption of a Constitution of govern-ment better calculated than your former for an intimate Union and for the efficacious management of your common concerns. This government, the offspring of our own choice uninfluenced and unawed, adopted upon full investigation and mature de-liberation, completely free in its prin-
ciples, in the distribution of its powers uniting security with energy, and con-taining within itself a provision for its own amendment, has a just claim to your confidence and your support. Re-spect for its authority, compliance with its laws, acquiescence in its meas-ures, are duties enjoined by the funda-mental maxims of true liberty. The basis of our political systems is the right of the people to make and to alter their constitutions of govern-ment. But the Constitution which at any time exists, until changed by an explicit and authentic act of the whole people, is sacredly obligatory upon all. The very idea of the power and the right of the people to establish govern-ment presupposes the duty of every in-dividual to obey the established gov-ernment. 
All obstructions to the execution of 
the laws, all combinations and associa-tions under whatever plausible char-acter with the real design to direct, 
control, counteract, or awe the regular deliberation and action of the con-stituted authorities, are destructive of this fundamental principle and of fatal tendency. They serve to organize fac-tion; to give it an artificial and ex-traordinary force; to put in the place of the delegated will of the nation the will of a party, often a small but artful and enterprising minority of the com-munity; and, according to the alter-nate triumphs of different parties, to make the public administration the mirror of the ill concerted and incon-gruous projects of faction, rather than the organ of consistent and wholesome plans digested by common councils and modified by mutual interests. However combinations or associations of the above description may now and then answer popular ends, they are likely, in the course of time and things, to be-come potent engines by which cunning, ambitious, and unprincipled men will be enabled to subvert the power of the people and to usurp for themselves the reins of government, destroying after-wards the very engines which have lift-ed them to unjust dominion. 
Towards the preservation of your 
government and the permanency of your present happy state, it is req-uisite not only that you steadily dis-countenance irregular oppositions to its acknowledged authority but also that you resist with care the spirit of innovation upon its principles, however specious the pretexts. One method of assault may be to effect in the forms of the Constitution alterations which will impair the energy of the system and thus to undermine what cannot be di-rectly overthrown. In all the changes to which you may be invited, remem-ber that time and habit are at least as necessary to fix the true character of governments as of other human insti-tutions, that experience is the surest standard by which to test the real tendency of the existing constitution of a country, that facility in changes upon the credit of mere hypotheses and opinion exposes to perpetual change 
from the endless variety of hypotheses and opinion; and remember, especially, that for the efficient management of your common interests in a country so extensive as ours, a government of as much vigor as is consistent with the perfect security of liberty is indispen-sable; liberty itself will find in such a government, with powers properly dis-tributed and adjusted, its surest guard-ian. It is indeed little else than a name, where the government is too feeble to withstand the enterprises of faction, to confine each member of the society within the limits prescribed by the laws, and to maintain all in the secure and tranquil enjoyment of the rights of person and property. 
I have already intimated to you the 
danger of parties in the state, with par-ticular reference to the founding of them on geographical discriminations. Let me now take a more comprehen-sive view and warn you in the most sol-emn manner against the baneful effects of the spirit of party, generally. 
This spirit, unfortunately, is insepa-
rable from our nature, having its root in the strongest passions of the human mind. It exists under different shapes in all governments, more or less sti-fled, controlled, or repressed; but in those of the popular form it is seen in its greatest rankness and is truly their worst enemy. 
The alternate domination of one fac-
tion over another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge natural to party dis-sension, which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent despotism. The disorders and miseries which re-sult gradually incline the minds of men to seek security and repose in the abso-lute power of an individual; and sooner or later the chief of some prevailing faction, more able or more fortunate than his competitors, turns this dis-position to the purposes of his own ele-vation on the ruins of public liberty. 
Without looking forward to an ex-
tremity of this kind (which neverthe-less ought not to be entirely out of sight) the common and continual mis-chiefs of the spirit of party are suffi-cient to make it the interest and the duty of a wise people to discourage and restrain it. 
It serves always to distract the pub-
lic councils and enfeeble the public ad-ministration. It agitates the commu-nity with ill founded jealousies and false alarms, kindles the animosity of one part against another, foments oc-casionally riot and insurrection. It opens the door to foreign influence and corruption, which find a facilitated ac-cess to the government itself through the channels of party passions. Thus the policy and the will of one country are subjected to the policy and will of another. 
There is an opinion that parties in 
free countries are useful checks upon the administration of the government 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.001 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1020 February 23, 2015 
and serve to keep alive the spirit of lib-
erty. This within certain limits is prob-ably true—and in governments of a mo-narchical cast patriotism may look with indulgence, if not with favor, upon the spirit of party. But in those of the popular character, in governments purely elective, it is a spirit not to be encouraged. From their natural tend-ency, it is certain there will always be enough of that spirit for every salutary purpose. And there being constant dan-ger of excess, the effort ought to be by force of public opinion to mitigate and assuage it. A fire not to be quenched, it demands a uniform vigilance to pre-vent its bursting into a flame, lest in-stead of warming it should consume. 
It is important, likewise, that the 
habits of thinking in a free country should inspire caution in those en-trusted with its administration to con-fine themselves within their respective constitutional spheres, avoiding in the exercise of the powers of one depart-ment to encroach upon another. The 
spirit of encroachment tends to con-solidate the powers of all the depart-ments in one and thus to create, what-ever the form of government, a real despotism. A just estimate of that love of power and proneness to abuse it which predominates in the human heart is sufficient to satisfy us of the truth of this position. The necessity of reciprocal checks in the exercise of po-litical power, by dividing and distrib-uting it into different depositories and constituting each the guardian of the public weal against invasions by the others, has been evinced by experi-ments ancient and modern, some of them in our country and under our own eyes. To preserve them must be as nec-essary as to institute them. If in the opinion of the people the distribution or modification of the constitutional powers be in any particular wrong, let it be corrected by an amendment in the way which the Constitution designates. But let there be no change by usurpa-tion; for though this, in one instance, may be the instrument of good, it is the customary weapon by which free governments are destroyed. The prece-dent must always greatly overbalance in permanent evil any partial or tran-sient benefit which the use can at any time yield. 
Of all the dispositions and habits 
which lead to political prosperity, reli-gion and morality are indispensable supports. In vain would that man claim the tribute of patriotism who should labor to subvert these great pillars of human happiness, these firmest props of the duties of men and citizens. The mere politician, equally with the pious man, ought to respect and to cherish them. A volume could not trace all their connections with private and pub-lic felicity. Let it simply be asked where is the security for property, for reputation, for life, if the sense of reli-gious obligation desert the oaths, which are the instruments of investiga-tion in courts of justice? And let us with caution indulge the supposition that morality can be maintained with-
out religion. Whatever may be con-ceded to the influence of refined edu-cation on minds of peculiar structure, reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can pre-vail in exclusion of religious principle. 
It is substantially true that virtue or 
morality is a necessary spring of pop-ular government. The rule indeed ex-
tends with more or less force to every species of free government. Who that is a sincere friend to it can look with in-difference upon attempts to shake the foundation of the fabric? 
Promote then, as an object of pri-
mary importance, institutions for the general diffusion of knowledge. In pro-portion as the structure of a govern-ment gives force to public opinion, it is essential that public opinion should be enlightened. 
As a very important source of 
strength and security, cherish public credit. One method of preserving it is to use it as sparingly as possible, avoiding occasions of expense by culti-vating peace, but remembering also that timely disbursements to prepare for danger frequently prevent much greater disbursements to repel it; avoiding likewise the accumulation of debt, not only by shunning occasions of expense, but by vigorous exertions in time of peace to discharge the debts which unavoidable wars may have oc-casioned, not ungenerously throwing upon posterity the burden which we ourselves ought to bear. The execution of these maxims belongs to your rep-resentatives, but it is necessary that public opinion should cooperate. To fa-cilitate to them the performance of their duty, it is essential that you should practically bear in mind that towards the payment of debts there must be revenue; that to have revenue there must be taxes; that no taxes can be devised which are not more or less inconvenient and unpleasant; that the intrinsic embarrassment inseparable from the selection of the proper objects (which is always a choice of difficul-ties) ought to be a decisive motive for a candid construction of the conduct of the government in making it, and for a spirit of acquiescence in the measures for obtaining revenue which the public exigencies may at any time dictate. 
Observe good faith and justice to-
wards all nations; cultivate peace and harmony with all; religion and moral-ity enjoin this conduct, and can it be that good policy does not equally en-join it? It will be worthy of a free, en-lightened, and, at no distant period, a great nation, to give to mankind the magnanimous and too novel example of a people always guided by an exalted justice and benevolence. Who can doubt that in the course of time and things the fruits of such a plan would richly repay any temporary advantages which might be lost by a steady adherence to it? Can it be, that Providence has not connected the permanent felicity of a nation with its virtue? The experiment, at least, is recommended by every sen-timent which ennobles human nature. 
Alas! is it rendered impossible by its vices? 
In the execution of such a plan noth-
ing is more essential than that perma-nent, inveterate antipathies against particular nations and passionate at-tachments for others should be ex-cluded and that in place of them just and amicable feelings towards all should be cultivated. The nation which indulges towards another an habitual hatred, or an habitual fondness, is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest. Antip-athy in one nation against another dis-
poses each more readily to offer insult and injury, to lay hold of slight causes of umbrage, and to be haughty and in-tractable when accidental or trifling occasions of dispute occur. Hence fre-quent collisions, obstinate, envenomed, and bloody contests. The nation, prompted by ill will and resentment, sometimes impels to war the govern-ment, contrary to the best calculations of policy. The government sometimes participates in the national propensity and adopts through passion what rea-son would reject; at other times, it makes the animosity of the nation sub-servient to projects of hostility insti-gated by pride, ambition and other sin-ister and pernicious motives. The peace often, sometimes perhaps the liberty, of nations has been the victim. 
So likewise, a passionate attachment 
of one nation for another produces a variety of evils. Sympathy for the fa-vorite nation, facilitating the illusion of an imaginary common interest in cases where no real common interest exists and infusing into one the enmi-ties of the other, betrays the former into a participation in the quarrels and wars of the latter, without adequate in-ducement or justification. It leads also to concessions to the favorite nation of privileges denied to others, which is apt doubly to injure the nation making the concessions, by unnecessarily part-ing with what ought to have been re-tained and by exciting jealousy, ill will, and a disposition to retaliate in the parties from whom equal privileges are withheld. And it gives to ambi-tious, corrupted, or deluded citizens (who devote themselves to the favorite nation) facility to betray or sacrifice the interests of their own country without odium, sometimes even with popularity, gilding with the appear-ances of a virtuous sense of obligation, a commendable deference for public opinion, or a laudable zeal for public good, the base or foolish compliances of ambition, corruption, or infatuation. 
As avenues to foreign influence in in-
numerable ways, such attachments are particularly alarming to the truly en-lightened and independent patriot. How many opportunities do they afford to tamper with domestic factions, to prac-tice the arts of seduction, to mislead public opinion, to influence or awe the public councils! Such an attachment of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.001 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1021 February 23, 2015 
a small or weak towards a great and 
powerful nation dooms the former to be the satellite of the latter. 
Against the insidious wiles of foreign 
influence (I conjure you to believe me, fellow citizens) the jealousy of a free people ought to be constantly awake, since history and experience prove that foreign influence is one of the most baneful foes of republican government. But that jealousy to be useful must be impartial; else it becomes the instru-ment of the very influence to be avoid-ed, instead of a defense against it. Ex-cessive partiality for one foreign na-tion and excessive dislike of another cause those whom they actuate to see danger only on one side, and serve to veil and even second the arts of influ-ence on the other. Real patriots, who may resist the intrigues of the favor-ite, are liable to become suspected and odious, while its tools and dupes usurp the applause and confidence of the peo-ple to surrender their interests. 
The great rule of conduct for us in re-
gard to foreign nations is, in extending our commercial relations, to have with them as little political connection as possible. So far as we have already formed engagements, let them be ful-filled with perfect good faith. Here let us stop. 
Europe has a set of primary inter-
ests, which to us have none or a very remote relation. Hence she must be en-gaged in frequent controversies, the causes of which are essentially foreign to our concerns. Hence therefore it must be unwise in us to implicate our-selves, by artificial ties, in the ordi-nary vicissitudes of her politics or the ordinary combinations and collisions of her friendships or enmities. 
Our detached and distant situation 
invites and enables us to pursue a dif-ferent course. If we remain one people under an efficient government, the pe-riod is not far off when we may defy material injury from external annoy-ance; when we may take such an atti-tude as will cause the neutrality we may at any time resolve upon to be scrupulously respected; when bellig-erent nations, under the impossibility of making acquisitions upon us, will not lightly hazard the giving us provo-cation; when we may choose peace or war, as our interest guided by justice shall counsel. 
Why forgo the advantages of so pecu-
liar a situation? Why quit our own to stand upon foreign ground? Why, by interweaving our destiny with that of any part of Europe, entangle our peace and prosperity in the toils of European ambition, rival-ship, interest, humor, or caprice? 
It is our true policy to steer clear of 
permanent alliances with any portion of the foreign world—so far, I mean, as we are now at liberty to do it, for let me not be understood as capable of pa-tronizing infidelity to existing engage-ments (I hold the maxim no less appli-cable to public than to private affairs, that honesty is always the best pol-icy)—I repeat it therefore, let those en-gagements be observed in their genuine 
sense. But in my opinion it is unneces-sary and would be unwise to extend them. 
Taking care always to keep our-
selves, by suitable establishments, on a respectably defensive posture, we may safely trust to temporary alliances for extraordinary emergencies. 
Harmony, liberal intercourse with all 
nations, are recommended by policy, humanity, and interest. But even our commercial policy should hold an equal and impartial hand: neither seek-ing nor granting exclusive favors or preferences; consulting the natural course of things; diffusing and diversi-fying by gentle means the streams of commerce but forcing nothing; estab-lishing with powers so disposed—in order to give to trade a stable course, to define the rights of our merchants, and to enable the government to sup-port them—conventional rules of inter-course, the best that present cir-cumstances and mutual opinion will permit, but temporary, and liable to be from time to time abandoned or varied, as experience and circumstances shall dictate; constantly keeping in view, that it is folly in one nation to look for disinterested favors from another— that it must pay with a portion of its independence for whatever it may ac-cept under that character—that by such acceptance it may place itself in the condition of having given equiva-lents for nominal favors and yet of being reproached with ingratitude for not giving more. There can be no great-er error than to expect or calculate upon real favors from nation to nation. It is an illusion which experience must cure, which a just pride ought to dis-card. 
In offering to you, my countrymen, 
these counsels of an old and affec-tionate friend, I dare not hope they will make the strong and lasting im-pression I could wish—that they will control the usual current of the pas-sions or prevent our nation from run-ning the course which has hitherto marked the destiny of nations. But if I may even flatter myself that they may be productive of some partial benefit, some occasional good, that they may now and then recur to moderate the fury of party spirit, to warn against the mischiefs of foreign intrigue, to guard against the impostures of pre-tended patriotism—this hope will be a full recompense for the solicitude for your welfare by which they have been dictated. 
How far in the discharge of my offi-
cial duties I have been guided by the principles which have been delineated, the public records and other evidences of my conduct must witness to you and to the world. To myself, the assurance of my own conscience is that I have at least believed myself to be guided by them. 
In relation to the still subsisting war 
in Europe, my proclamation of the 22d of April 1793 is the index to my plan. Sanctioned by your approving voice and by that of your representatives in 
both houses of Congress, the spirit of that measure has continually governed me, uninfluenced by any attempts to deter or divert me from it. 
After deliberate examination with 
the aid of the best lights I could ob-tain, I was well satisfied that our coun-try, under all the circumstances of the case, had a right to take—and was bound in duty and interest to take—a neutral position. Having taken it, I de-termined, as far as should depend upon me, to maintain it with moderation, perseverence, and firmness. 
The considerations which respect the 
right to hold this conduct it is not nec-essary on this occasion to detail. I will only observe that, according to my un-derstanding of the matter, that right, so far from being denied by any of the belligerent powers, has been virtually admitted by all. 
The duty of holding a neutral con-
duct may be inferred, without anything more, from the obligation which jus-tice and humanity impose on every na-tion, in cases in which it is free to act, to maintain inviolate the relations of peace and amity towards other nations. 
The inducements of interest for ob-
serving that conduct will best be re-ferred to your own reflections and ex-perience. With me, a predominant mo-tive has been to endeavor to gain time to our country to settle and mature its yet recent institutions and to progress without interruption to that degree of strength and consistency which is nec-essary to give it, humanly speaking, the command of its own fortunes. 
Though in reviewing the incidents of 
my administration I am unconscious of intentional error, I am nevertheless too sensible of my defects not to think it probable that I may have committed many errors. Whatever they may be, I fervently beseech the Almighty to avert or mitigate the evils to which they may tend. I shall also carry with me the hope that my country will never cease to view them with indul-gence and that, after forty-five years of my life dedicated to its service with an 
upright zeal, the faults of incompetent abilities will be consigned to oblivion, as myself must soon be to the man-sions of rest. 
Relying on its kindness in this as in 
other things, and actuated by that fer-vent love towards it which is so nat-ural to a man who views in it the na-tive soil of himself and his progenitors for several generations, I anticipate with pleasing expectation that retreat, in which I promise myself to realize without alloy the sweet enjoyment of partaking in the midst of my fellow citizens the benign influence of good laws under a free government—the ever favorite object of my heart, and the happy reward, as I trust, of our mutual cares, labors and dangers. 
G
EO. WASHINGTON .
UNITED STATES , 19th September 1796. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.001 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1022 February 23, 2015 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 4:30 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 3:47 p.m., 
recessed until 4:30 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mrs. E
RNST ). 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 240, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
(Mary Anne Clarkson) read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 5, H.R. 
240, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
in just a few minutes Democrats will have another opportunity to end their weeks-long filibuster of Homeland Se-curity. It will be the first opportunity our friends on the other side have to show where they stand after a Federal judge preliminarily enjoined the ad-ministration from moving ahead with actions President Obama himself re-ferred to as ‘‘ignoring the law.’’ Presi-dent Obama said that just over a year ago. 
The point is that it is time to allow 
this Homeland Security funding meas-ure to come to the floor. Democrats say they want the ability to amend DHS funding legislation, but then they keep voting to block their own ability to offer amendments. It doesn’t make any sense. So in a few moments we will give our Democratic friends another opportunity to reconsider. They can vote to allow the Senate to debate the Homeland Security funding bill. They can vote to allow the Senate to con-sider amendments from both sides, and that is what they actually should do. That is what constituents have a right to expect. Let’s take up this funding bill and get to work. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
Mr. REID. Madam President, in just 
a few days—5 to be exact—the Depart-ment of Homeland Security will run out of money. This unique entity was established right after 9/11. President Bush believed there were too many agencies trying to take care of the se-curity of this Nation, so he got Con-gress to work with him, and they came up with 22 entities for the Department of Homeland Security. They have pro-tected our homeland since 9/11, and they have done a good job. 
I am very disappointed that the po-
litical ploy used by my congressional Republican leadership to force a shut-
down of Homeland Security will only hurt our Nation, but it does make very clear where Republicans stand on fix-ing our broken immigration system. 
Twenty months ago some valiant 
Senators, Democrats and Republicans, worked together for almost a year. Democrats were led by Senators S
CHU-
MER, DURBIN , BENNET , and M ENENDEZ . 
Republicans were led by Senators M
CCAIN, GRAHAM , RUBIO, and F LAKE . 
They worked night and day. They came up with a bill that they presented to us, Democrats and Republicans, and we worked hard. We had lots of amend-ments. There was a wonderful debate. It was one of the great days of this body. And we passed it with a bipar-tisan vote. It was such a good day for the Senate and our country. But now, after 20 months, suddenly people are not interested. 
Even Senators F
LAKE , GRAHAM , and 
MCCAIN have stated that we should 
fund Homeland Security—fund it. We have all kinds of Republican Senators who have said the same thing in the last few days. Senator J
OHNSON said it 
should be fully funded. He said that today. 
I don’t understand what my Repub-
lican friends are trying to do. They want to hold up DHS funding in order to deport DREAMers and their parents. That doesn’t make any sense. Their plan is destined to fail. I have said that many times. Republicans are not lis-tening to me, and I understand why, but my Republican colleagues are not listening to a lot of people. 
They are not listening to the Presi-
dent of the United States, who has warned them that blocking Homeland Security funding will hurt our ability to respond to these new threats. 
Tom Ridge and I came to Washington 
at the same time in 1982, to the House of Representatives. Here is a man who was valiant in Vietnam. He was a high-ly decorated soldier. He has had a stun-ning career in government. He was the Governor of the State of Pennsylvania and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity. He, along with another Repub-lican Secretary of Homeland Security, Michael Chertoff, who has a great record of his own as a prosecutor and Federal judge, and a Democratic Sec-retary of Homeland Security, Janet Napolitano, who was a former Gov-ernor of the State of Arizona—so three former Secretaries of Homeland Secu-rity—two Republicans and one Demo-crat—have said the Republicans should do this. In fact, here is what they said in a letter Senator M
CCONNELL and I 
received a month ago: 
Funding for DHS is used to protect our 
ports and our borders; to secure our air trav-el and cargo; to protect the federal govern-ment and our nation’s information tech-nology and infrastructure from cyber-secu-rity attacks; to fund essential law enforce-ment activities, and to ensure the safety of the president and national leaders . . . Fund-ing for the entire agency should not be put in jeopardy by the debate about immigra-tion. That is what the former Secretaries 
of Homeland Security said. They did not mince words. 
In fact, Tom Ridge said yesterday on 
national TV that the Republicans’ plan ‘‘irritates the hell out of me. I think it is bad policy . . . The men and women of Homeland Security deserve better.’’ 
Jeh Johnson, who has certainly been 
as down the middle as anyone could be on this issue, said that to not fund Homeland Security is ‘‘unacceptable from a public safety and national secu-rity view.’’ 
The majority leader and Speaker 
B
OEHNER are not listening. They are 
obviously not listening to me, they are not listening to the President, and they are not listening to former Home-land Security Secretaries. 
They are not even listening to their 
newspaper—it has been referred to as their newspaper—the Wall Street Jour-nal. The Wall Street Journal said that the Republicans’ game of Russian rou-lette with our homeland security is destined for ‘‘a spectacular crack-up.’’ Republicans obviously are not listening to the Wall Street Journal. The Fra-ternal Order of Police has lambasted the Republican scheme. The Repub-licans are not listening to the police. The United States Conference of May-ors said: Please don’t do that. If you do not fund the Department of Homeland Security, and even if you go with a continuing resolution, it is going to af-fect our ability to protect our cities. The Governors have said the same thing. 
Republicans are not listening to any-
one. They are bound and determined to see this doomed plan to the end. This is all because Republicans want to over-turn DHS directives that prioritize the deportation of national security threats, convicted felons, and individ-uals apprehended at the border. It doesn’t make sense. The administra-tion sought a stay of the proceedings in Texas, but the trial judge in Texas never ever declared anything the Presi-dent did as unconstitutional. If you read every word he wrote, the word ‘‘unconstitutional’’ is not written. He said the Administrative Procedure Act was not followed. 
The President has the right to deter-
mine who is to be deported, and the families of these DREAMers are way down the list. So the President is well within his established constitutional authority and legal process to hear this out. So why would we divert resources from real threats just so Republicans can deport DREAMers, long-term per-manent residents, mothers and fathers of U.S. citizen children who pose no se-curity risk? Republicans say they are attacking the President’s actions, but they are really attacking families. 
I suggest to my Republican col-
leagues that if they won’t listen to me, the President, the Secretary of Home-land Security, the Wall Street Journal, the Fraternal Order of Police, and the United States Conference of Mayors, maybe they should at least heed what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.006 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1023 February 23, 2015 
our enemies are saying. We can all pic-
ture in our minds what happened just a few weeks ago. They put a Jordanian pilot in a cage and burned him, and they showed the world that for 22 min-utes. We have seen the beheadings. They have not stopped. Twenty-one Egyptian Christians were beheaded just a few days ago. 
Yesterday on national TV Secretary 
Johnson said that we must remain vigilant against threats because now they told us they are going to go to malls around America, including the Mall of America. We must listen. Why would our Republican friends want to shut off funding for Homeland Security in this environment? Listen to reason. Let’s fully fund Homeland Security and do it now. Republican Senators are saying the same thing. I don’t under-stand what is going on here. 
Republicans reportedly have a 
backup plan—fund Homeland Security by passing short-term continuing reso-lutions. That is not an answer. It is not an answer. A continuing resolution will prevent the Department of Homeland Security from working with commu-nities and States and their first re-sponders in addressing new threats and emergency situations. 
Our Nation is depending on the De-
partment of Homeland Security, and fully funding it is what is needed to keep us safe. More than 230,000 Home-land Security employees are depending on a paycheck for their families. A simple way of doing this is to fully fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity, not some Rube Goldberg proce-dure where they make something very simple very complicated. It doesn’t need to be complicated. We simply need to give the Department of Home-land Security the resources it needs to do its job, as said by Republican Sen-ators in the past week. 
Why are we doing this? Is it to please 
the House Republicans who cannot agree on anything? It is important that we fully fund this agency and do it now. 
Would the chair now announce the 
business of the day. I am told the mo-tion to proceed is now pending. Is that true? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. 
The Senator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I rise 
to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO JOANNE A . EPPS 
Mr. CASEY. Madam President, as I 
have every year since 2007, I rise today to commemorate Black History Month. This year we are privileged to recog-nize Dean JoAnne A. Epps, the dean of Temple University’s Beasley School of Law. Dean Epps is a woman who has made significant contributions to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the Nation by promoting opportunity and diversity throughout our legal in-stitutions. JoAnne’s life and career have been a testament to hard work and following her dreams. Her achieve-
ments are substantial, and she has worked to inspire others to fulfill their dreams, while advancing the cause of social justice to ensure that everyone has the opportunity to reach their full potential. 
Today I am proud to honor JoAnne 
Epps as a leader in law and education and highlight some of the ways in which she has demonstrated the power of dreams by opening doors of oppor-
tunity for women and minorities throughout her career. 
JoAnne Epps’s story serves as an ex-
ample of where our dreams can take us. She is a native of Cheltenham, PA. For those who don’t know the geography of our State, it is in the southeastern cor-ner of our State in Montgomery Coun-ty. She attended Trinity College in Connecticut. As an undergraduate Jo-Anne planned to follow in her mother’s footsteps and become a legal secretary; however, she distinguished herself throughout her undergraduate career, and her mother and professors encour-aged her to dream big. She applied to and was accepted by Yale Law School, where she was one of 40 women and just 10 African Americans in her class of 150. JoAnne entered law school having never known an adult attorney and often experienced discomfort that her background differed so significantly from those of many of her classmates. Despite these challenges, JoAnne Epps remained focused on the opportunities ahead of her. 
Following graduation in 1976, JoAnne 
devoted herself to public service, be-coming a deputy city attorney for the city of Los Angeles, CA, and ultimately returning to Pennsylvania as an assist-ant U.S. attorney for the Eastern Dis-trict of Pennsylvania. 
After that work as a prosecutor, in 
1985 she joined the faculty of the Beasley School of Law at Temple Uni-versity, utilizing the experience she had gained as a prosecutor to instruct students on criminal procedure, evi-dence, and trial advocacy. Exhibiting strong leadership qualities and a gift for teaching, JoAnne was soon named associate dean of academic affairs, and in 2008 was named dean of Temple Law School. 
As dean, JoAnne has worked tire-
lessly not only to advance the quality of legal education but to instill in stu-dents the values she believes define the legal profession. They are service, in-tegrity, and passion. JoAnne has ex-panded opportunities for students at Temple to apply these values to a legal career by implementing programs that focus on hands-on legal experience, both through high-quality clinical pro-grams and through an innovative expe-riential first-year course as cur-riculum. This work has led to the cre-ation of the Stephen and Sandra Shell-er Center for Social Justice at Temple Law School, and we are honored today to have both Steve and Sandy Sheller with us. 
The Sheller Center encourages early 
community involvement and a com-mitment to social justice in Temple 
Law students by facilitating collabora-tion with community groups, the uni-versity community, and the Philadel-phia and Pennsylvania legal commu-nities to improve access to justice for underserved communities. 
It is a truly inspiring project. Even 
as JoAnne innovates at a schoolwide level, she has not lost her dedication to the individual connections fostered through teaching. She continues to share her experience and insight with first-year law students by teaching a course in litigation basics each fall. 
JoAnne has employed her talent for 
teaching not only to the benefit of Temple University and the Pennsyl-vania legal community but to further social justice objectives on an inter-
national scale. JoAnne has been an ad-vocacy instructor for attorneys at the United Nations International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the Beijing Supreme People’s Procuratorate. In 2007 and 2008, she worked with a small group of lawyers to provide training for Sudanese lawyers representing victims of the crisis in Darfur on evidence, ad-vocacy, and substantive international criminal law with a focus on practice before the International Criminal Court. 
JoAnne’s service and impact on Tem-
ple Law School is made all the more impressive in light of the myriad of other roles she has taken on to advance the causes of social justice through legal institutions. In 2001, JoAnne was appointed by the mayor of Philadelphia to chair the Mayor’s Task Force on Po-lice Discipline, and in 2011 she was ap-pointed by the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania to monitor the city of Philadelphia’s com-pliance with a settlement concerning stop-and-frisk procedures. She has a long history of service on various com-missions designed to increase access to justice, including the Philadelphia Bar Association’s Committee to Promote Justice, the board of directors of the Defender Association of Philadelphia, the advisory board of the Public Inter-est Law Center, the Pennsylvania Com-mission for Justice Initiatives, and too many others to name today. 
In recognition of this work, in 2003 
Temple Law School presented her with the Gideon Award, given to acknowl-edge dedication to the cause of justice. 
JoAnne Epps has had a great career 
and has had great success as a lawyer, as a teacher, as an advocate, and as a prosecutor despite the challenges of being an African-American woman en-tering a field that is predominantly white and male. She consistently worked to open the doors of opportuni-ties to women and minorities who face similar challenges. At Temple, JoAnne served as a member of the Women’s Studies Program Steering Committee, and she remains an affiliated member of the Women’s Studies Department at the law school. She has also previously served as an adviser to both the Wom-en’s Law Caucus and the Black Law Students Association. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.008 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1024 February 23, 2015 
Outside of Temple Law, JoAnne 
served as vice chair of the Pennsyl-vania Gender Task Force and as a member of the Third Circuit Task Force on Equal Treatment in the Courts, also serving on the Third Cir-cuit task force commission on race and ethnicity. 
JoAnne testified on behalf of the Na-
tional Association of Women Lawyers at the confirmation hearing of Su-preme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor. In 2014, she was awarded the Justice Sotomayor Diversity Award by the Philadelphia Bar Association in rec-ognition of her work on behalf of women and minorities in the legal pro-fession. 
JoAnne has said the following about 
her legal career, and I am quoting: 
I spent much of my career not seeing ahead 
of me someone who was at all like me, and I’ve had to make my way without that. I want to be a resource for young people enter-ing the profession that I never had. 
Joanne’s dedication to both legal 
education and the legal profession has helped empower countless young attor-neys to exceed expectations and fulfill their dreams. 
JoAnne Epps is here today in the gal-
lery of the Senate, and as the rules tell us, we are not allowed to acknowledge those in the gallery. I am saying that for my friend. But she is joined by fam-ily and friends, and I am going to go through a list here. If I miss someone, someone will tell me later. 
Starting with her husband L. Har-
rison Jay, her uncle Harold Ashton, and her cousins Eric Ashton, Joan and Tommie Frye, Donnie, Debbie, Adri-enne, and Christopher Jackson, and Marcia and Glenn Yarbrough—I will hear if I missed someone a little later, but we are honored she is here with us. We are honored her family is here on this special day. Today we honor Jo-Anne Epps, the dean of Temple Law School, for her significant work to ad-vance access to justice and for inspir-ing and empowering new generations of attorneys to emulate their commit-ment to service, integrity, and passion. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, 
as I come to the floor today, the Sen-ate is continuing to try to debate a bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security. We have made no progress on this bill for weeks, as Democrats con-tinue to filibuster our efforts to actu-ally even get on the bill, to have a meaningful discussion on the subject. The bill has already passed the House of Representatives. 
The way the Senate is supposed to 
work is that if Democrats don’t like something about the bill, then they 
should offer amendments and change it. That is how the process has worked in the past. It is how the process is sup-posed to work today. 
It is the process as it worked about a 
month ago when we debated the Key-stone XL Pipeline. We had more than 40 different amendments debated on the floor, voted on the floor. That is more than double the number of amendments the Senate Democrats al-lowed all last year in debate on the floor of the Senate. 
We could be debating those and vot-
ing on those amendments right now. My question is, why aren’t we doing that? It is because Senate Democrats are filibustering to keep us from even considering this bill. This is a very im-portant piece of legislation. Funding for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity is scheduled to expire on Friday. Everyone in this Chamber, both sides of the aisle, should agree that funding the Department of Homeland Security is something we need to do. Why are Democrats being obstructive in the way that they are? Why are the Demo-crats so eager to cut off funding for the Department of Homeland Security? 
The answer is this is a disagreement 
not about funding Homeland Security, it is about our Nation’s immigration policy and the President’s Executive amnesty, an action which I believe is illegal. Congress is the appropriate place to make laws about America’s immigration policy. It is not some-thing the President gets to decide on his own. It shouldn’t be controversial either. At least eight Senate Demo-crats have said they disagreed with the President’s Executive actions or they have doubts about them. 
Senator D
ONNELLY said back in No-
vember ‘‘the President shouldn’t make such significant policy changes on his own.’’ 
On the same day Senator H
EITKAMP  
said the President’s actions ‘‘could poi-son any hope of compromise or biparti-sanship in the Senate before it has even started.’’ 
Even the President himself has on 22 
separate occasions said he lacked the authority to rewrite immigration law— 22 times. He said in March of 2011: 
There are enough laws on the books by 
Congress that are very clear in terms of how we have to enforce our immigration system, that for me to simply, through Executive order ignore those congressional mandates would not conform with my appropriate role as President. 
He did it anyway. He knew it wasn’t 
appropriate, but that didn’t stop him. Now a Federal judge has made it crys-tal clear the President does not have the authority to act on his own as he did. The President cannot make a new law just because he doesn’t like the laws passed by Congress. This was a U.S. district court ruling in a lawsuit that 26 States brought against Presi-dent Obama. 
Here is how USA TODAY described it 
in a front-page headline last Wednes-day. They said, ‘‘Obama Immigration 
Plan Blocked.’’ 
Rollcall ran its own headline the 
same day that said, ‘‘Immigration Rul-ing Casts Shadow on Obama’s Legacy.’’ What the court did was to stop the Sec-retary of Homeland Security from im-plementing any and all aspects or phases of the President’s plan. The Federal court said, ‘‘It is Congress, and Congress alone, who has power under the Constitution to legislate in the field of immigration.’’ Let me repeat that. ‘‘It is Congress, and Congress alone, who has power under the Con-stitution to legislate in the field of im-migration.’’ 
The judge added that the President’s 
plan ‘‘clearly represents a substantive change in immigration policy.’’ This is not just a minor change. It is not the same thing that other Presidents have done before. The judge completely re-jected the Obama administration’s claim that it was simply exercising ‘‘prosecutorial discretion.’’ 
I know the President did not under-
stand the last election. I am starting to think Democrats in this body do not understand why they lost. It is strange that Democrats want to continue try-ing to protect the President who does not have the strong support of the American people. It was a losing strat-egy in November and it will be a losing strategy now. 
Democrats in this body are con-
tinuing to prevent the Senate from doing anything, again, in an effort— they are doing it to protect President Obama. Now that a Federal judge has agreed the President exceeded his own authority, it is time for Democrats to stop defending the President and the White House. Senate Democrats have already voiced their concerns about what the President did and how he did it. It is time for those same Democrats to convince the rest of their Members that enough is enough. 
It is time for them to stop pretending 
this is about immigration, when it is now clear this is about the President’s overreach. It is time for Democrats to end their filibuster and to fund the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). The Senator from Maryland. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, today 
the Senate will vote for the fourth time on a procedural vote to take up the House Homeland Security funding bill. We are going to be voting on the cloture of the motion to proceed be-cause it is a parliamentary way of deal-ing with the funding for the Homeland Security Department, which runs out on Friday. 
The Presiding Officer is the ranking 
member on the homeland sub-committee. The Presiding Officer did a fantastic job, working with Senator Landrieu, creating a funding frame-work that had bipartisan and bi-cameral support. I congratulate the Presiding Officer and the way the com-mittee worked. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.009 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1025 February 23, 2015 
We should be voting on the final pas-
sage for a clean Homeland Security bill. The bill—when we say ‘‘clean,’’ this is Washington speak. People do not know what a clean bill is. Is there a dirty bill? Is there a dusty bill? Is there a muddy bill? No. What we are talking about is meaning no riders on the bill. In this case, no poison pill rid-ers. There was no disagreement, fi-nally, because of the excellent bipar-tisan work on the funding of the bill, but the Senate is locked in a game of parliamentary ping-pong on moving this legislation forward, where the los-ers are the American people. 
Look at what is going on in our coun-
try right now. We are absolutely rely-ing on Homeland Security for some of the biggest challenges—not facing in the abstract but facing us right now. 
There are the terrorists and there is 
cold weather and there are other issues. Right now in my Chesapeake Bay there is a Coast Guard cutter called Chock. It is out there breaking the Maryland icy conditions—frigid and windy. What is it they are doing? This enables commerce to get up and down the Bay so people are working and getting important supplies. They even work—because the Bay is in both Maryland and Virginia. They went out to the famous Tangier Island to free residents that were iced in, to take food and fuel. The Coast Guard is on the job. They are working in the cold. They are working in the wind. They are breaking up ice not only in Mary-land but all over—to these frozen ports. What do we say? Good job, guys. There they are on TV. We love you, but we might not pay you. What is this? They are out there saving lives. We are play-ing parliamentary ping-pong. 
Then there is this whole issue of this 
despicable, barbaric group called ISIL who essentially says: We are out to get you. Not only are they out to get us, but then they threatened that there could be attacks on malls, the shopping malls in the United States. 
We need then additional security 
from Homeland Security. We also need to be able to work with our local and State partners. What is Congress’s re-sponse? We are going to talk about in-creasing that defense budget in 2016, but we are not going to fund the appro-priations from 2015 on Homeland Secu-rity. What is wrong with that picture? 
I am for a strong national defense 
and having the muscular way of deal-ing with the threat of ISIL and any other terrorist group, but they are talking about our malls. They also go on their Web—I hate to even say this in public. They say attack anybody who is in uniform. Well, that is my fire-fighter, that is my police officer, that is my EMT person. I mean, really. We are worried about lone wolves? 
Well, I am worried too. We need to be 
able to protect them. One way to do it is we need to fund the Homeland Secu-rity Department so people who are on the job protecting us can get paid. There are Members on the other side of the aisle who continually ask the 
President what he is doing to defend America. Let’s put boots on the ground. Let’s put more missiles in the air. Let’s put more flights for air-planes. 
Right here in America we have boots 
on the ground. They are called Border Patrol agents, Customs officers, TSA personnel, intelligence analysts. We have to fund our own Homeland Secu-rity boots on the ground. I want to make sure we do it now, so we do not have some big crisis at midnight on Friday. 
Where we are is this: We have agreed 
on the funding on both sides of the aisle and both sides of the dome. The House has added five riders on immi-gration. Immigration is an important topic. I do not minimize it. I do not dis-miss it. It should be debated but not on this bill. 
The other issue is that the courts 
have now made a decision—the Texas court—on the Obama action on Execu-tive orders and immigration. It is now going to go through the courts. The Texas judge made a decision. That is America. It will go to the Fifth Circuit for an appeal and maybe even higher. While it is working its way through, we are debating it. Let the courts decide whether the President exceeded his Ex-ecutive authority. Whatever the courts decide, I think we will be able to ac-cept it. We cannot hold up the bill waiting for the courts to decide. 
We should not hold up the Homeland 
Security bill waiting for the courts to decide. So with the court decision pending, I say to my friends on the other side of the aisle—who I know are patriotic, who I know want to protect the homeland—put immigration aside on the Executive orders and all of those others, let the courts decide on the Executive authority, but between now and, say, Wednesday let’s pass this Homeland Security bill. 
We can pass it, send it to the House, 
and we can get on with the protecting America rather than what we think about President Obama. I respect what other people think about President Obama. I do not also respect what some people say in their attacks on him: Is he American? Is he patriotic? I think that is despicable to attack our Presi-dent. But if you think this is a con-stitutional question on Executive au-thority, it is now in the courts. That can be a valid consideration. 
But right now we have a Homeland 
Security funding problem. I want to fund the Coast Guard. I want to fund Border Patrol. I want to fund Customs. I want to fund the TSA at the airports. I want to protect us on threats related to cyber security. This is for the 22 subagencies that make up Homeland Security. So I would hope, for the 162,000 people who work for that agen-cy, they do not get IOUs. 
Given what they are doing in this 
cold weather and on this incredible in-tensity and escalation of chatter and threats to the United States, we have to help them be them. We have to give 
them respect. We have to pay their sal-aries. We have to give them the right technology to be able to do their jobs to protect us. I say to the Presiding Of-ficer and to all of my colleagues on the floor: Let’s stop playing parliamentary ping-pong with the Homeland Security bill. 
The politics in that are over. The 
issue is going to be resolved in the courts, but what cannot be resolved is the fact that on February 27 the money to fund the salaries for every single man and woman who works at Home-land Security will run out. The time is running out. The money is running out. We cannot run out on Homeland Secu-rity. We have to help them make us a safe country, protect our country, and do their job. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
thank Senator M
IKULSKI . She has been 
joined by Senator S HAHEEN , both of 
whom have been leading this very im-portant bill to pass this funding for Homeland Security. I thought the points Senator M
IKULSKI made were so 
well taken about the fact that there has been a new development since we left this Chamber; that is, that the courts are taking on some of the immi-gration provisions our colleagues have been trying to attach to this bill. 
I would hope they could look at this 
in a fresh way now and see that we should just simply allow this bill to go forward while the courts are consid-ering this matter. To me, that is the answer. I do not think they should see it—our colleagues on the other side—as a concession. It is simply a fact. It is something that has changed. So I come to the floor to talk about the impor-tance of the Mikulski-Shaheen bill. The critical importance of this funding has been driven home in the last few days in my State, the State of Min-nesota. 
Just this weekend the terrorist group 
al-Shabaab released a video encour-aging attacks on shopping malls throughout the world—a shopping mall in Minnesota, the Mall of America, a shopping mall in Canada, in Edmonton, a shopping mall in London. I do not think we could ever think they would be limited in their threats when it comes to shopping malls in America. 
This is the same terrorist group that 
actually carried out a major attack on a shopping mall in Kenya, killing more than 60 people. It has also called for at-tacks, as I said, in other countries. In this video, an al-Shabaab spokesman bragged about his previous attacks and the chaos future attacks can cause. He talks about if just a handful of fighters could bring Kenya to a complete stop for weeks, he talks about what they could do to—in his words, obviously not mine—American- or Jewish-owned shopping centers across the world. 
That is what we saw this weekend. 
That is what the people in my State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.010 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1026 February 23, 2015 
awoke to. They awoke to that video 
and those words. I spoke yesterday with Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson, with our U.S. attorney for Minnesota, Andy Luger. We are work-ing with the FBI, and they have boost-ed the security at the Mall of America. It already had good security. We have fine law enforcement in Minnesota on the Federal, State, and local levels. 
The FBI has advised people, clearly, 
to go on with their lives in Minnesota. The Homeland Security Secretary has clearly said people shouldn’t be dis-couraged from going to the mall in any way. 
So the people in my State are stand-
ing tall when it comes to this threat, and our law enforcement is standing tall when it comes to this threat, but in Congress our message to these ter-rorists cannot be that we are going to shut down the Department of Home-land Security. That cannot be the mes-sage coming from the Senate of the United States of America. 
Rather than acting to protect my 
State from the threat, there are people who are actively contemplating a shut-down of the Department of Homeland Security—the Department we created after 9/11 to protect our homeland, to protect our country from these kinds of terrorist threats. 
This would mean—if it was to go for-
ward and we weren’t to fund it this week—over 1,700 Department of Home-land Security employees in Minnesota would be forced to work without pay or be furloughed, including 472 Customs and Border Patrol personnel, 953 Trans-portation Security Administration of-ficers, 156 Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel, and 74 Federal Emergency Management Agency per-sonnel. 
We need to act to fund Homeland Se-
curity. Think of the people in my State who were going to spend a normal day going to the mall, waking up to see that video. Think about the fact that I have to tell them there are people messing around with this bill over ex-traneous provisions that are now being battled out in court—and not on a bill that funds our Homeland Security. 
Now we also know terrorist organiza-
tions such as al-Shabaab and ISIS are trying to recruit people in my State to take up arms and do harm to Ameri-cans. 
Why do we know that? The first 
American who was killed fighting for ISIS in Syria was from Minnesota. His name was Douglas McAuthur McCain. We also know our law enforcement, be-cause they have worked so well with our Somali community—we are so proud of that community. We have half the Somalis in the Nation in the State of Minnesota. 
They were able to work with our law 
enforcement over the last few years. Twenty people were indicted. Twenty people were indicted for helping al- Shabaab or trying to go over to fight on the terrorists’ side. We have already had nine convictions in Minnesota. Those convictions would not have 
happened without this community. This Muslim community basically said: We don’t want our kids to go over and be suicide bombers. We don’t want our kids to go fight next to ISIS. 
That community has worked with 
law enforcement in Minnesota and they will continue to work with law enforce-ment. We have already had four people from the Twin Cities area who have been charged for crimes relating to travel for the purpose of going to aid ISIS. 
But it is not only our national secu-
rity that the people in my State see as at stake here. I know Senator S
HA-
HEEN , who is on the floor, is also from 
a border State and understands how important that work is as we go up to our northern neighbor of Canada. This is 5,500 miles—the longest border in the world. Over 400,000 people and nearly $2 billion in goods and services cross our borders every day. 
That is economically significant for 
my State. Canada is my State’s top international trading partner, with over $19 billion in total business across the board. Over 1 million Canadians visit Minnesota every year—by the way, many of them going to the Mall of America—contributing $265 million to the local economy. 
But that relationship relies on a 
seamless U.S.-Canadian border, with U.S. Customs and Border Patrol keep-ing that border secure and efficiently screening all cross-border traffic. We have made important strides in recent years with trusted traveler programs to make our northern border more se-cure, while encouraging the cross-bor-der tourism and commerce that is the lifeblood of my State. Withholding critical funding from the Department of Homeland Security could threaten that progress, leading to a less secure border and hindering economic oppor-tunity. 
Without that critical funding, we 
risk security. Even a cursory look at world headlines shows the threats the United States and our allies face—from the terrorist attacks in Paris and Syd-ney to the cyber attacks by North Korea. We need to be stepping up our security, not stepping down our secu-rity. 
So last night I spoke to a group of 
workers—about 500 Minnesotans—who were honored in the city of Bloom-ington, MN, for the work they do in the hospitality industry. These were desk clerks, these were pizza delivery peo-ple, these were people who man our ho-tels and clean the rooms when we have guests. Many of them work in that Mall of America, and I told them I was coming back to Washington and that this Senate would stand tall in the face of threats such as videos from al- Shabaab, people who will not even show their faces but make a video to threaten our country. 
We have to show our faces. We have 
to stand tall. We now have a very good reason—my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. I implore them, they 
have a good reason. This is in the courts now. It is being battled in the courts. These extraneous measures should not be on this bill and we should fund our Homeland Security. I want to go back and tell those workers in Bloomington and in Minnesota that we have done that. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ap-
plaud Senator K
LOBUCHAR for her com-
ments and for pointing out there are real threats that we heard this week-end from al-Shabaab against the Mall of America. I heard a news report this morning about that, and one of the things they have talked about are the very good relations the State of Min-nesota and Senator K
LOBUCHAR have 
built with the Somali community. 
But her remarks, just as those news 
reports, underscore the fact that we have to address funding for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. We are just days away from a shutdown, a shutdown of the Department whose mission it is to protect the citizens of this country while we are under threat of attack by terrorist groups. That is reckless and it is dangerous. What kind of message does it send to ISIS, to cyber criminals, to drug cartels if Con-gress can’t keep the Department of Homeland Security open? 
Because of the real and dangerous 
threats we face, we need to have our counterterrorism, our intelligence, and our law enforcement officials func-tioning at their highest level. 
I met this morning with a group of 
law enforcement officials and fire-fighters from the sea coast of New Hampshire, and they were talking about how important the funding from the Department of Homeland Security is to them as they do their jobs. They 
said two things that I think are very important. First, they said they have been able to be proactive about plan-ning to address threats because of the Department of Homeland Security, and second is they can share those re-sources. New Hampshire, similar to In-diana, is a State with a lot of very small communities, and we need to be able to share those resources if we are going to be prepared for the threats. 
It is time for us to put politics aside. 
We can debate immigration. We can de-bate the President’s Executive orders. I am pleased to do that, but we should do it in another place. We should not be doing it on the bill to fund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
I hope my colleagues will come to-
gether and support a clean funding bill so we can make sure the resources are there to fight the threats that we face. 
Mr. NELSON. Will the Senator yield 
for a question? 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. I yield to the Sen-
ator. 
Mr. NELSON. Would the Senator be-
lieve that if the Department of Home-land Security is shut down that essen-tial personnel will be required to work, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.011 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1027 February 23, 2015 
but essential personnel—the fol-
lowing—will not be paid? For the first time people engaged in the war—name-ly, the U.S. Coast Guard that is in fact involved in the Middle East in the war, along with the services from the De-partment of Defense—for the first time in the history of this country they will be essential to continue work but will not be paid. 
Would the Senator believe that in ad-
dition, Customs and Border Patrol per-sonnel who are essential, as well as TSA, which is essential, will continue to work but without pay and that is what will happen this Friday if we do not fund the Department of Homeland Security? 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. My colleague makes 
a very important point. I visited the Coast Guard station in Portsmouth, NH, on Friday and heard about their drug interdiction efforts and their search and rescue efforts. As the Sen-ator points out, they—similar to so many other Homeland Security em-ployees—will not be paid. We should not let that happen. That is not condu-cive to making sure we protect this country. 
I thank my colleague from Florida. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to follow my esteemed col-leagues from the State of Florida and the State of New Hampshire in dis-cussing the legislation before this body. I worked with the Senator from New Hampshire on the Homeland Secu-
rity Appropriations Subcommittee, and we are working to fund Homeland Se-curity. That is what this bill does. The bill we are trying to proceed to fully funds Homeland Security. 
My question is, How do we finish a 
bill if we can’t start? All we are asking for is to proceed to a bill that fully funds the Department of Homeland Se-curity. So I have been listening to my colleagues talk about the need to fund Homeland Security and that is exactly what this bill does—fully funds the bill. 
Now I understand they want to make 
changes to the bill, but again I ask the question how do they make changes to a bill if they are not willing to proceed to the bill, get on the bill, debate the bill, and offer their amendments? 
So that is where we find ourselves 
and that is why it is so important that we proceed to this DHS funding bill. This is a bill that has passed the House. 
At the end of the day, both Houses of 
Congress have to pass the bill. We can’t just pass it in the Senate and they can’t just pass it in the House. The House has passed this bill. 
Now we need to take it up. We need 
to have the debate, we need to offer amendments, have votes on those amendments, and pass the bill—pass the bill that fully funds DHS. Again, I emphasize, this bill fully funds the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
We are ready to legislate. We are 
willing to go back and forth on amend-ments, one Democratic amendment for 
every Republican amendment, but when that was offered last week on this floor by the majority leader, it was re-jected by the other side of the aisle. 
This leads me to believe that what 
my Democratic colleagues are asking for is that the only DHS funding legis-lation the Senate consider is legisla-tion endorsed by the President. More-over, they don’t seem to be interested in amendments, in allowing the Sen-ators and those Americans—whom we represent—to have a voice in this proc-ess. 
My colleagues know that is not how 
the Senate works. When our Founders sought to build a government of checks and balances, with a strong legislative branch and mechanisms to prevent the Executive, the President, from impos-ing his or her will on the rest of gov-ernment, I doubt this is what they had in mind; that we simply rubberstamp what the President wants. 
Today’s cloture vote on the motion 
to proceed to the DHS appropriations bill offers all Senators a choice. We have a choice today. Senators can choose to legislate a solution to this DHS funding impasse to prevent a DHS shutdown or they can choose to defend the President’s Executive action. 
That is exactly what is going on. As 
Senators we must be willing to engage with one another to pass a bill. We must be willing to engage, to debate, and to vote on amendments. 
Often there are many sides to an 
issue. In fact, sometimes it feels as though there are 100 different perspec-tives, and of course there are. But the ability to merge our diverse viewpoints into legislation, that is the strength of the Senate. That is the only way, short of one party possessing 60 votes, the Senate can function. Many of our friends on the other side of the aisle are asking this body to rubberstamp the President’s approach, but the Sen-ate was not intended to be a rubberstamp. We must be willing to take that first step toward funding DHS together, and that first step is proceeding to a bill. In order to con-sider amendments and develop con-sensus, we simply must be able to move to the legislation and consider it on the floor today. 
Let me remind my colleagues why 
this funding is so vital. 
The Department is responsible for so 
many essential security programs. I think it is important that we take a few minutes to talk about the funding that is in this bill, full funding for the Department of Homeland Security. 
This bill provides $10.7 billion for 
Customs and Border Protection, CBP, including record levels of personnel, tactical infrastructure, technology, and air and marine assets. It provides $5.96 billion for Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, ICE, and maintains a record 34,000 adult detention beds and 3,828 family detention beds. 
This bill strongly supports the vital 
missions of the Secret Service and pro-vides for our cyber security efforts. 
The bill provides more than $10 billion for the Coast Guard for its many mis-sions, including search and rescue. 
Since Homeland Security is a na-
tional effort, the bill continues critical funding for grant programs to State and local firefighters, emergency man-agers, and law enforcement. The bill also provides for research and develop-ment, TSA’s aviation security screen-ing operations, the Federal Law En-forcement Training Center, and E- Verify, which supports businesses across the United States in hiring legal workers. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
has expired. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I ask unanimous con-
sent for 1 additional minute to com-plete my remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Hearing none, it is so ordered. Mr. HOEVEN. This bill does not fund 
the President’s Executive actions—and rightly so. 
Since we haven’t had regular order in 
this Chamber in years, it seems there may be some reluctance to allow the Senate to work as it is designed to do: to proceed to legislation so that we, as a legislative body, can engage in a healthy debate. It is time the Senate proceed to the DHS appropriations bill without further delay. I urge my col-leagues to vote to proceed to H.R. 240, the DHS appropriations bill. 
With that, I yield the floor. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk (John Merlino) 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 240, making appro-priations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2015. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Thad 
Cochran, Tom Cotton, Roger F. Wicker, David Vitter, Jerry Moran, Daniel Coats, Michael B. Enzi, Mike Crapo, Bill Cassidy, John Boozman, John Thune, Tim Scott, John Hoeven, James Lankford, Jeff Sessions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to H.R. 240, an act making ap-propriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.013 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1028 February 23, 2015 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK), the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), the 
Senator from Arkansas (Mr. S ULLIVAN ), 
and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H EIN-
RICH) and the Senator from Michigan 
(Mr. P ETERS ) are necessarily absent. 
I further announce that, if present 
and voting, the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 47, 
nays 46, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 57 Leg.] 
YEAS—47 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines 
Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker 
NAYS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heitkamp 
Heller Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—7 
Graham 
Heinrich Kirk Peters 
Rubio Sullivan Vitter 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 47, the nays are 46. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
enter a motion to reconsider the vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is entered. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
today Democrats voted to continue blocking funding for the Department of Homeland Security to protect actions President Obama himself referred to as ‘‘ignoring the law.’’ The vote came after a Federal judge enjoined the ad-ministration from moving ahead with that overreach. I was certainly glad to see that court decision. The issue will 
continue winding its way through our courts. In the meantime, Congress is trying to do what it can. Yet even Democrats who had previously been critical of the President ‘‘ignoring the law’’ voted again today to defend his overreach. 
My preference is still to debate and 
pass the funding legislation that is cur-rently before us. It has already passed the House. It is the simplest and easi-est way forward. If Democrats think it needs to be amended, I am sure they will try to do that, but first we need to bring it to the floor. As long as Demo-crats continue to prevent us from even doing that, the new bill I described of-fers another option we can turn to. It is another way to get the Senate unstuck from a Democratic filibuster and move the debate forward. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
TRIBUTE TO ERMA H. ROSENHAN 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I would 
like to take a moment to recognize Erma H. Rosenhan in honor of her 100th birthday on February 28, 2015. 
Erma has devoted years of her life to 
genealogical research, submitting over 400,000 names—many of them German— to the Family History Department of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- day Saints for ordinance work in LDS temples. She has served the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in many different capacities, including as an employee, as a member of the Mor-mon Tabernacle Choir, and as a mis-sionary. Her extensive genealogical work and her service to the LDS Church have blessed both her extended family and all those who know her. On her 100th birthday, she shows no signs of slowing down; in fact, she still con-ducts research 3 days a week at the Family History Library in downtown Salt Lake City. 
Erma H. Rosenhan is an example of 
kindness, hard work, and humble perse-verance. She deserves our recognition for her lifetime of selfless, diligent service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROGER COCKRELL 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I wish to 
pay tribute to one of the finest staffers I have encountered in my years in the U.S. Senate. Roger Cockrell is retiring this week after 15 years of service to the Senate Appropriations Committee, which was proceeded by more than 20 years with the U.S. Army Corps of En-gineers, mainly in Vicksburg, MS. 
I spent many years as either the 
chairman or ranking Democrat on the Energy and Water Appropriations Sub-committee. It is a great bill. It not only funds a lot of important energy and science priorities, it also provides the annual funding for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the Bureau of Reclamation, both of which are tre-mendously important to my home 
State of Nevada. Sorting through all of the projects and programs that are funded through these two agencies is tremendously technical and com-plicated work. 
I realized fairly early in my time at 
the top of that subcommittee that I needed an experienced engineer to en-sure that we were prioritizing and 
funding these thousands of projects ac-cording to both technical merit and also national priorities. So, I brought in Roger as a fellow from the Corps of Engineers and it turned out to be one of the best decisions I ever made. As all Members have been known to do, I kept him as a fellow for as long as the Corps would pay him and then I hired him away. 
Roger is exactly what you want in a 
staffer, particularly one who represents you on the Appropriations Committee: Smart, extremely well-prepared, hard- working, and, in the case of Roger, more willing to work with the staff of other Members to make their priorities work within the rules than anyone I have ever met. If Roger could not make your project work within the rules, regulations, and laws regarding a water project, it is a pretty safe bet that it was a bad project. So far as I know, Roger never turned down a meeting with anyone and his eternally sunny and friendly nature always made him a delight to work with. 
I left that subcommittee many years 
ago now, but Roger stayed there and has gone back and forth to both the Republican and Democratic staffs sev-eral times depending upon who is in the majority around here. I can think of no higher compliment to a Senate staffer than to be held in such high es-teem by both sides that he or she is re-tained by the majority year-after-year, Congress after Congress because of his or her expertise and, more impor-tantly, fairness. And Roger is nothing if not fair to all who have appeared in his doorway over the years. The Senate is a better place because of people like Roger Cockrell. 
I wish Roger and his wife Anna Lisa 
all the best as they move on to what-ever is next in their lives. I am sad to see him go, but he has earned more time with his family, including his daughter Melissa. I have known him long enough to know that he won’t be able to sit still for long. I join my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle in ex-pressing my gratitude for his long and dedicated service to our Nation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHRISTINE PRIETSCH 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, Christine 
Prietsch, the director of the Senate’s Employee Assistance Program, is leav-ing the Senate family after 11 years of dedicated service to Senators, staff, and family members. Before joining the Senate, Christy served with the Se-cret Service, Department of Justice and the Department’s Offices of U.S. Attorneys EAP programs. We often cel-ebrate those who dedicate so much to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.002 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1029 February 23, 2015 
the U.S. Senate with stories from the 
men and women whose lives were af-fected. Christy turned this program into an invaluable resource for Senate employees experiencing obstacles and struggles in their professional and per-sonal lives. Her innovative methods for implementing training and programs made her a vital asset to the Senate and a devoted leader to her staff. It is our hope that the irony is not lost, that through the auspices of her profes-sionalism, confidentiality, morality and ethics, we are prevented from hear-ing many such stories; only those who Christy helped know the true value of her service. Christy is a valued leader within the Sergeant at Arms and a trusted confidant to the Senate family. I thank her for her dedicated service, her unbridled patriotism and unwaver-ing support. 
f 
STUDENT NON-DISCRIMINATION 
ACT 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I sup-
port the Student Non-Discrimination Act, a bill first introduced in the 111th Congress and reintroduced again now in the 114th Congress. This bill rep-resents a critical step forward in pro-tecting the rights of our lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender youth to re-ceive an education free from bullying and harassment on account of who they are and who they love. I thank Senator F
RANKEN for his leadership on this 
issue, and I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this important civil rights legislation. 
Education is the cornerstone of our 
democracy. In order for our system of government to thrive we must promote the education of our citizenry. It is what allows voters to make informed decisions on who they think is best fit to serve as their Representative, Sen-ator, or President. It is a critical ele-ment of public debate and the free flow of ideas and it is what drives our econ-omy forward and makes our country strong. 
Given the importance of education, 
no student should be harassed in school. We must do all we can to make education accessible to all. We must ensure that schools are safe and wel-coming to all children so that students can enter the classroom ready and able to learn. 
Bullying touches the lives of count-
less young people. Each school year, LGBT students in New Jersey, and across America, are harassed, bullied, and even assaulted based on their per-ceived or known status as LGBT. Occa-sionally, these youth even experience bullying from teachers and administra-tors. The very people that are supposed to educate and protect these children at times serve as the root cause of the problem. Bullying a student for any reason—but especially for simply being themselves—is simply unacceptable. 
The consequences of bullying can be 
devastating and potentially life threat-ening. Studies show that discrimina-tion at schools is a major contributor 
to dropouts, absenteeism, and aca-demic underachievement. LGBT youth are twice as likely as their peers to ex-perience verbal harassment, assault, and exclusion. Suicide rates are dis-proportionately high among children and young adults that identify as LGBT. In fact, LGBT youth are four times more likely to commit suicide than their peers. Most alarmingly, we have seen bullying and harassment tragically lead to suicides in school districts across the country. 
Allowing discrimination of LGBT to 
go unchecked in our schools deprives our youth from the equal access to edu-cation that they deserve. Whether that 
discrimination is in the form harass-ment or assault, we cannot stand idly by and watch our children’s lives be torn apart. 
The Student Non-Discrimination Act 
is a critical civil rights bill that would ban discrimination against any student on the basis of his or her actual or per-ceived sexual orientation or gender identity. 
The legislation expands the Federal 
definition of harassment to protect the rights of LGBT students. The bill de-fines harassment to include severe, per-sistent, or pervasive conduct that would limit a student’s ability to par-ticipate in a program or activity at a public school. 
The bill prohibits harassment of 
LGBT students as a form of discrimina-tion that is Federally protected. 
All of these provisions provide the 
Federal Government with critical new tools to prevent the scourge of per-sistent and offensive bullying of youth simply because of their sexual orienta-tion or gender identity. 
I am proud to be an original cospon-
sor of the Student Non-Discrimination Act. I urge my fellow Senators to sup-port this bill and promptly pass it through the Senate. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING WIL SMITH 
∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, I rise today 
on a sad occasion. Yesterday, Bowdoin College—indeed, the entire State of Maine—lost a truly great man. Wil Smith, who was a good friend to count-less people in Maine, passed away yes-terday at the age of 46 following a cou-rageous 3-year battle with cancer. 
It is difficult to encapsulate in words 
the remarkable depth and breadth of someone like Wil. He grew up in Jack-sonville, FL, the youngest of 10 chil-dren. His mother, Mildred, passed away when he was 15 years old. After high school, Wil briefly attended Florida A&M University before enlisting in the U.S. Navy and becoming an aviation electronics technician. He served in the first gulf war and was later transferred to the Naval Air Station in Brunswick, ME. 
While stationed in Brunswick, Wil 
began coaching football at Brunswick Middle School. It wasn’t long after 
that when the coach of the Bowdoin College men’s basketball team spotted him and was impressed by his talent and natural ability to work with kids. He asked Wil if he had ever thought about attending college. After some convincing, Wil applied to and was ac-cepted at Bowdoin. 
It was also during this time that Wil 
became a father—and only months be-fore his first semester began, he was granted full custody of his 11-month- old daughter Olivia. To say the least, he was a nontraditional student in al-most every sense. Matriculating at age 28, he was a decade older than most of his freshmen classmates. He was one of just three African-American students in his class. And he was the first single father in Bowdoin’s history to attend the college. 
He worked tirelessly—carrying Olivia 
to class and then to basketball prac-tice, taking evening shifts at the local Staples store, and volunteering at area high schools. He faced challenges unfathomable to most of his class-mates at Bowdoin—struggling to bal-ance a commitment to his daughter and his rigorous coursework. But Wil persevered—and he did so with a strength of conviction and determina-tion that would come to define the in-fluence he would have on students who would follow in his footsteps at Bowdoin. 
Following graduation, Wil continued 
to devote his time and energy to his community, and in particular, to young people of nontraditional or underrepresented backgrounds. He con-tinued to serve in the U.S. Navy Re-serves, and joined the staff of Bowdoin College, serving as director of multi-cultural student programs. Driven to continue his education, he then en-rolled in the University of Maine School of Law, where 3 years later, he would graduate with a law degree and once again return to Bowdoin. 
At Bowdoin, Wil served as a beacon 
of light to so many students—many of whom, like him, toiled with the chal-lenges of the transition to college. But as a gifted mentor and as someone who had the rare ability to genuinely con-nect with people, to understand them, and to relate to them, Wil inspired a newfound sense of hope in countless students, and his advice, unfailing sup-port, and encouragement turned around the lives of hundreds and per-haps thousands of people. 
And while students were away from 
Bowdoin during the summer, Wil dedi-cated his time to the Seeds of Peace International Camp in Otisfield, ME. It was an endeavor that he joined in the summer of 1999, before he graduated from Bowdoin, and it was one he car-ried on until last summer. At the camp, he mentored children from across the world, and challenged them to look at and judge their peers not by their race, ethnicity, or differences, but by their thoughts and their merit. Wil was truly a team player in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.004 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1030 February 23, 2015 
work, serving in numerous positions at 
Seeds of Peace over the years, from coach to counselor to associate direc-tor. But the title was always less im-portant to Wil than knowing he was helping those he worked with at the camp. And true to the camp’s mission, Wil cultivated seeds of peace within the heart of every child he met—his reach and impact extending around the world. 
That same spirit of mentorship drew 
him to the basketball courts of Cath-erine McAuley High School in South Portland, where he coached the girls’ varsity team for a decade, amassing nearly twice as many wins than losses and, in a testament to his talent as a coach, bringing home a prized state championship in 2007. Through the game he loved, he taught young women about the power and virtue of leader-ship, character, and teamwork—the same traits he worked so hard to instill in students at Bowdoin, in young peo-ple at Seeds of Peace, or in anyone who came to him in search of help. 
There is a hole in the heart of our 
community today. But while Wil’s loss is felt by countless people, his legacy will be carried on by the thousands who were fortunate enough to know him. Indeed, it is that legacy of caring, of hope, and of understanding which he has given to us and which we will give to future generations along with his story as proof that even the most un-likely of beginnings can yield remark-able outcomes. Today, the world is a lesser place for Wil’s loss, but we are all better for him having been in it. 
My heart goes out to his daughter 
Olivia, his partner Maha Jaber, and her son, Nim, his family, and to all the people whose lives were touched by this extraordinary man’s unfaltering enthu-siasm, caring, and generosity. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING RUTGERS UNIVER-
SITY FOR WINNING THE NAFSA 2014 SENATOR PAUL SIMON AWARD FOR COMPREHENSIVE INTERNATIONALIZATION 
∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
wish to honor Rutgers University for winning the 2014 Senator Paul Simon Award for Comprehensive Internation-alization from NAFSA: The Associa-tion of International Educators. The award is named for the late Senator Paul Simon and is among the most prestigious awards for systemwide comprehensive internationalization. The award recognizes Rutgers’ signifi-cant strides in providing a global edu-cation to its students, tackling global challenges through research, and work-ing with diverse communities at home and abroad. 
The award honors the university’s 
significant achievements in enhancing its global reputation over the course of its nearly 250-year history. One hun-dred and fifty years ago, the university first began this process when it wel-comed to campus a handful of students from Japan. Today, Rutgers hosts near-ly 1,500 international undergraduate 
students from over 125 countries each year. 
Through the Rutgers’ Centers for 
Global Advancement and International Affairs, GAIA Centers, the university has established hundreds of strong re-search and education partnerships with key institutions on six continents. The centers’ advising services, cross-cul-tural social events, and immigration processing have streamlined the ar-rival and cultural adjustment of nearly 7,000 talented international students and scholars. The centers have grown service-learning abroad and study abroad opportunities from just a couple of programs in the 1960s to over 160 se-mester and year-long courses. The cen-ters also foster unique and strong rela-tionships with the United Nations, one of only a handful of universities around the globe to do so. 
Rutgers actively participates in flag-
ship international programs. Since January 2012, the university has hosted 73 Brazilian students for year-long, non-degree educational programs under the Brazilian Scientific Mobility Pro-gram. Rutgers was also one of only 20 universities nationwide selected to host talented young African leaders for a 6-week civic leadership program under President Obama’s Mandela Washington Fellowship for Young Afri-can Leaders. 
Rutgers students and alumni re-
ceived 26 Fulbright grants this year, a record number for the university. The Fulbright U.S. Student Program re-ported that this ties Rutgers for third place among research universities na-tionwide. 
The university’s worldwide reception 
is higher than ever before. In 2013, the Center for World University Rankings, CWUR, ranked Rutgers 33rd out of hun-dreds of international institutions. 
I congratulate Rutgers University for 
winning the 2014 Senator Paul Simon Award for Comprehensive Internation-alization, and I look forward to their continued success. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 3:03 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 636. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limitations, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 644. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for con-tributions of food inventory. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 1928a, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Members on the part of the House of Representatives to the United States Group of the NATO Parliamentary As-sembly: Mr. T
URNER of Ohio, Chair, Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M ILLER of Flor-
ida, Mr. M ARINO of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
GUTHRIE of Kentucky, Mr. C OOKof Cali-
fornia, and Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 9355(a), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Members on the part of the House of Representatives to the Board of Visi-tors to the United States Air Force Academy: Mr. L
AMBORN of Colorado 
and Ms. M CSALLY of Arizona. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Members on the part of the House of Representatives to the Board of Visi-tors to the United States Military Academy: Mr. P
OMPEO of Kansas and 
Mr. W OMACK of Arkansas. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 6968(a), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Members on the part of the House of Representatives to the Board of Visi-tors to the United States Naval Acad-emy: Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana and Mr. 
ROONEY of Florida. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to 14 U.S.C. 194, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Mem-ber on the part of the House of Rep-resentatives to the Board of Visitors to the United States Coast Guard Acad-emy: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to 46 U.S.C. 51312(b), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Member on the part of the House of Representatives to the Board of Visi-tors to the United States Merchant Marine Academy: Mr. K
ING of New 
York. 
f 
MEASURES DISCHARGED 
The following joint resolution was 
discharged by petition, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 802(c), and placed on the cal-endar: 
S.J. Res. 8. Joint resolution providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case proce-dures. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bills were read the first 
time: 
S. 534. A bill to prohibit funds from being 
used to carry out certain Executive actions related to immigration and for other pur-poses. 
S. 535. A bill to promote energy efficiency. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee 
on the Judiciary: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.005 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1031 February 23, 2015 
Report to accompany S. 337, a bill to im-
prove the Freedom of Information Act (Rept. No. 114–4). 
By Mr. M
CCAIN, from the Committee on 
Armed Services, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 165. A bill to extend and enhance prohi-
bitions and limitations with respect to the transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. REED: 
S. 530. A bill to require the president of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York to be ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Ms. 
A
YOTTE ): 
S. 531. A bill to permit health insurance 
issuers to offer additional plan options to in-dividuals; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and 
Mr. S
CHUMER ): 
S. 532. A bill to improve highway-rail grade 
crossing safety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. 
S
ULLIVAN , and Mr. S CHATZ ): 
S. 533. A bill to authorize and strengthen 
the tsunami detection, forecast, warning, re-search, and mitigation program of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
By Ms. COLLINS: 
S. 534. A bill to prohibit funds from being 
used to carry out certain Executive actions related to immigration and for other pur-poses; read the first time. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. C OLLINS , 
Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
FRANKEN , and Mr. B ENNET ): 
S. 535. A bill to promote energy efficiency; 
read the first time. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and 
Ms. C OLLINS ): 
S. Res. 83. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of the Secondary School Student Athletes’ Bill of Rights; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. 
C
OCHRAN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. D URBIN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
PAUL, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. W ICKER , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. 
BURR, and Mr. C ARDIN ): 
S. Res. 84. A resolution celebrating Black 
History Month; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 85 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name 
of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
85, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to establish a sim-plified income-driven repayment plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 122 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Rhode 
Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 122, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to allow for the personal importation of safe and affordable drugs from ap-proved pharmacies in Canada. 
S. 125 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 125, a bill to amend title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other purposes. 
S. 166 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 166, a bill to stop exploitation through trafficking. 
S. 183 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 183, a bill to repeal the annual fee on health insurance pro-viders enacted by the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 238 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 238, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to authorize the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to issue oleoresin capsicum spray to offi-cers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons. 
S. 257 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 257, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to physician supervision of therapeutic hospital outpatient serv-ices. 
S. 262 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from 
Washington (Mrs. M URRAY ), the Sen-
ator from Illinois (Mr. D URBIN ), the 
Senator from New York (Mr. S CHUMER ), 
the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ), 
the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ), the Senator from New Mexico 
(Mr. U DALL ), the Senator from Dela-
ware (Mr. C OONS ), the Senator from 
Rhode Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) and the 
Senator from New York (Mrs. G ILLI-BRAND ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
262, a bill to reauthorize the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing services to children with medically complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insur-ance Program through a care coordina-tion program focused on improving health outcomes for children with medically complex conditions and low-ering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 308 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 308, a bill to reauthorize 21st century community learning centers, and for other purposes. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of providers al-lowed to utilize locum tenens arrange-ments under Medicare. 
S. 332 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
332, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make perma-nent the extension of the Medicare-de-pendent hospital (MDH) program and the increased payments under the Medicare low-volume hospital pro-gram. 
S. 356 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 356, a bill to improve the provisions relating to the privacy of electronic communications. 
S. 362 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 362, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for in-vestigative leave requirements with re-spect to Senior Executive Service em-ployees, and for other purposes. 
S. 368 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) and the Senator 
from Oklahoma (Mr. I NHOFE ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 368, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to require that the Director of the Bureau of Prisons ensure that each chief exec-utive officer of a Federal penal or cor-rectional institution provides a secure storage area located outside of the se-cure perimeter of the Federal penal or correctional institution for firearms 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.006 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1032 February 23, 2015 
carried by certain employees of the Bu-
reau of Prisons, and for other purposes. 
S. 379 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 379, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand and modify the credit for employee health insurance expenses of small employers. 
S. 380 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 380, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide an exemption from the tax on early distributions for certain Bureau of Prisons correctional officers who re-tire before age 55, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) and the Senator from Min-
nesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 386, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain in-come of employees for employment du-ties performed in other States. 
S. 412 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 412, a bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to encourage and support parent, family, and community in-volvement in schools, to provide need-ed integrated services and comprehen-sive supports to children for the ulti-mate goal of assisting students to stay in school, become successful learners, improve their academic achievement, and for other purposes. 
S. 423 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from Florida 
(Mr. R UBIO), the Senator from Ohio 
(Mr. P ORTMAN ), the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ) and the Sen-
ator from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 423, a bill to amend the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to provide an exception to the annual written privacy notice requirement. 
S. 435 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name 
of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
435, a bill to amend chapter 1 of title 1, United States Code, with regard to the definition of ‘‘marriage’’ and ‘‘spouse’’ for Federal purposes and to ensure re-spect for State regulation of marriage. 
S. 497 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 497, a bill to allow Americans to earn paid sick time so that they can address their own health needs and the health needs of their families. 
S. 498 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. RUBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
498, a bill to allow reciprocity for the carrying of certain concealed firearms. 
S. 527 
At the request of Mr. S ESSIONS , the 
names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from 
North Dakota (Ms. H EITKAMP ), the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts (Mr. M AR-
KEY), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. 
WARNER ) and the Senator from South 
Dakota (Mr. R OUNDS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 527, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who participated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tuesday, or in the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
S. 529 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 529, a bill to improve the services available to runaway and homeless youth who are victims of trafficking, to improve the response to victims of child sex trafficking, to di-rect the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking to identify strategies to prevent children from becoming victims of trafficking and review trafficking prevention ef-forts, to protect and assist in the re-covery of victims of trafficking, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 40 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Res. 40, a resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Senate re-garding efforts by the United States and others to prevent Iran from devel-oping a nuclear weapon. 
S. RES. 72 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 72, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the Janu-ary 24, 2015, attacks carried out by Rus-sian-backed rebels on the civilian propulation in Mariupol, Ukraine, and the provision of lethal and non-lethal military assitance to Ukraine. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. REED: 
S. 530. A bill to require the president 
of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I am re-
introducing legislation that would re-quire the head of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to be appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate. 
In 2010, I worked to include a provi-
sion with similar language in the Sen-ate version of the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, but it 
was ultimately not included in the final version of this law. 
I noted then that, ‘‘if the Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System in Washington are required to be con-firmed by the Senate, then the Presi-dent of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, who played a pivotal and perhaps more powerful role in obli-gating taxpayer dollars during the fi-nancial crisis, should also be subject to the same public confirmation process.’’ 
In short, the New York Fed is unlike 
any of the other 11 regional Federal Reserve Banks. 
For instance, along with the seven 
Governors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem who each require Senate confirma-tion, the president of the New York Fed is a permanent member of the Fed-eral Open Market Committee, FOMC, and also acts as the FOMC’s Vice Chairman. This is a significant distinc-tion because the FOMC establishes the Federal Reserve System’s monetary policy, which in the wake of the finan-cial crisis resulted in the Federal Re-serve’s balance sheet growing to al-most five times what it was before the crisis in an attempt to reduce long- term interest rates. 
Also, the New York Fed is solely re-
sponsible for implementing an aspect of monetary policy known as open mar-ket operations through which U.S. Treasury securities are purchased and sold on a secondary basis to influence the levels of bank reserves. This means that the New York Fed is in a position to pick and choose its counterparties in these secondary market trans-actions, giving considerable advan-tages to one market maker over an-other, which raises the potential for conflicts of interest. 
In addition, the New York Fed is en-
trusted with protecting the U.S. dollar in foreign exchange markets. 
According to the New York Fed 
itself, ‘‘though it serves a geographi-cally small area compared with those of other Federal Reserve Banks, the New York Fed is the largest Reserve Bank in terms of assets and volume of activity.’’ Indeed, the New York Fed in its regulatory role is not only in charge of supervising some of the larg-est banks in the country, but also some of the most active financial institu-tions. 
While this is not a comprehensive list 
of the New York Fed’s special and dis-tinctive responsibilities, these exam-ples demonstrate the powerful and piv-otal role the New York Fed plays in implementing our Nation’s monetary policy and enforcing our banking laws. As such, we should have every expecta-tion that the New York Fed has the public interest in mind to the fullest extent when it conducts its duties. 
Unfortunately, these expectations 
have not been met. Last year, the Of-fice of Inspector General, OIG, of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System described the New York 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\FEB 15\S23FE5.REC S23FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1033 February 23, 2015 
Fed’s oversight efforts with respect to 
one large banking institution that eventually suffered billions of dollars in trading losses as a ‘‘missed oppor-tunity.’’ Additionally, a report aired in September of last year on the public radio program ‘‘This American Life’’ cast doubt on whether changes the New York Fed made after the financial col-lapse to address regulatory capture were sufficient to ensure it would be a more proactive banking regulator and could prevent a future financial dis-aster. 
All of this is unsettling, and it is past 
time that we add meaningful layers of accountability so that we can be better assured of the New York Fed’s ability to address potential financial pitfalls in advance. 
By subjecting the president of the 
New York Fed to the confirmation process, an important check and bal-ance will be added. The Senate will have an opportunity to evaluate whether a nominee has the experience, character, judgment, and skills to serve effectively as one of the most powerful banking regulators in the country, if not the world. Also, this legislation requires the New York Fed president to testify before the Senate Banking Committee and the House Fi-nancial Services Committee at least once a year, so that Congress no longer has to negotiate about whether the New York Fed president will appear be-fore Congress for oversight hearings. Simply put, this legislation is about holding the New York Fed accountable. The New York Fed is just too powerful to be left unchecked. 
I thank Americans for Financial Re-
form, Public Citizen, the AFL–CIO, and the Independent Community Bankers of America for their support, and I urge all my colleagues to join me in moving this legislation forward. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 83—SUP-
PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF THE SECONDARY SCHOOL STUDENT ATHLETES’ BILL OF RIGHTS 
Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Ms. 
C
OLLINS ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions.: 
S. R ES. 83 
Whereas over 7,700,000 student athletes par-
ticipated in secondary school athletics dur-ing the 2012 to 2013 academic year; 
Whereas it is estimated that in 2012, sec-
ondary school student athletes participating in 9 of the most popular high school sports, including football, boys’ and girls’ soccer, girls’ volleyball, boys’ and girls’ basketball, wrestling, baseball, and softball, suffered over 1,300,000 instances of injury; 
Whereas every 3 minutes, a child is treated 
in an emergency department for a sports-re-lated concussion, accounting for more than 8 percent of all sports-related emergency cases; Whereas the number of sports-related con-
cussion injuries has doubled in the last 15 years among student athletes aged 8 to 19, despite an overall decrease in the number of students participating in sports; 
Whereas sudden cardiac arrest (‘‘SCA’’) is 
the leading cause of death for youth partici-pating in sports or exercising, with upwards of 80 percent of those suffering from SCA being asymptomatic prior to cardiac arrest; 
Whereas instances of heat-related illness 
have more than doubled since 1997 and affect high school football players at an average rate that is 10 times higher than that of par-ticipants in other sports; 
Whereas approximately 1,500 children aged 
12 to 17 were treated in an emergency depart-ment for energy drink-related emergencies in 2011; 
Whereas secondary school student athletes 
with access to certified athletic health care professionals have lower overall injury rates, lower recurrent injury rates, and lower con-cussion rates than student athletes without access to certified athletic health care pro-fessionals; 
Whereas in light of the increase in ath-
letic-related injuries to student athletes, schools are encouraged to develop and adopt best practices and standards to prevent and address student athlete injury; 
Whereas the Secondary School Student 
Athletes’ Bill of Rights sets forth that sec-ondary school student athletes have the right— 
(1) to be coached by individuals who are 
well-trained in sport-specific safety and to be monitored by athletic health care team members; 
(2) to quality, regular pre-participation ex-
aminations and each athlete has the right to participate under a comprehensive concus-sion management plan; 
(3) to participate in sporting activities on 
safe, clean playing surfaces, in both indoor and outdoor facilities; 
(4) to utilize equipment and uniforms that 
are safe, fitted appropriately, and routinely maintained; 
(5) to appropriate personnel trained in 
proper removal of equipment in case of in-jury; 
(6) to participate safely in all environ-
mental conditions where play follows ap-proved guidelines and medical policies and procedures, with a hydration plan in place; 
(7) to a safe playing environment with 
venue-specific emergency action plans that are coordinated by the athletic health care team and regularly rehearsed with local emergency personnel; 
(8) to privacy of health information and 
proper referral for medical, psychosocial, and nutritional counseling; 
(9) to participate in a culture that finds 
‘‘playing through pain’’ unacceptable unless there has been a medical assessment; 
(10) to immediate, on-site injury assess-
ments with decisions made by qualified sports medicine professionals; and 
(11) along with their parents, to the latest 
information about the benefits and potential risks of participation in competitive sports, including access to statistics on fatalities and catastrophic injuries to youth athletes; and 
Whereas the Secondary School Student 
Athletes’ Bill of Rights, which sets forth goals and ideals to improve the health, well- being, and athletic experience of secondary school students, can serve as a valuable re-source to reduce injury, promote athlete safety, and encourage well-being: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) expresses support for the principles and 
values set forth in the Secondary School Student Athletes’ Bill of Rights; (2) recognizes the importance of proper 
safety measures, timely medical assess-ments, and appropriate environmental condi-tions in ensuring the health and well-being of secondary school student athletes; 
(3) recognizes the role that teachers, par-
ents, coaches, and athletic health care team members play in ensuring the safety and well-being of secondary school student ath-letes; 
(4) expresses support for secondary schools 
that have successfully implemented pro-grams, policies, and practices to emphasize and encourage student athlete safety and well-being; and 
(5) encourages secondary schools to con-
tinue to take all available and reasonable ef-forts to ensure student athlete safety. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 84—CELE-
BRATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH 
Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. C
OCH-
RAN, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
DURBIN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. P AUL, Mr. 
MERKLEY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. 
WICKER , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. B URR, and 
Mr. C ARDIN ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 84 
Whereas in 1776, people imagined the 
United States as a new country dedicated to the proposition stated in the Declaration of Independence that ‘‘all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Cre-ator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pur-suit of Happiness . . .’’; 
Whereas the first Africans were brought in-
voluntarily to the shores of America as early as the 17th century; 
Whereas African Americans suffered en-
slavement and subsequently faced the injus-tices of lynch mobs, segregation, and denial of the basic and fundamental rights of citi-zenship; 
Whereas in 2015, the vestiges of these injus-
tices and inequalities remain evident in the society of the United States; 
Whereas in the face of injustices, people of 
the United States of good will and of all races have distinguished themselves with a commitment to the noble ideals on which the United States was founded and have cou-rageously fought for the rights and freedom of African Americans; 
Whereas African Americans, such as Lieu-
tenant Colonel Allen Allensworth, Constance Baker Motley, James Baldwin, James Beckwourth, Simeon Booker, Clara Brown, Ralph Bunche, Shirley Chisholm, Frederick Douglass, W. E. B. Du Bois, Ralph Ellison, Medgar Evers, Alex Haley, Dorothy Height, Lena Horne, Charles Hamilton Houston, Mahalia Jackson, Martin Luther King, Jr., the Tuskegee Airmen, Thurgood Marshall, Rosa Parks, Bill Pickett, Jackie Robinson, Aaron Shirley, Sojourner Truth, Harriet Tubman, Homer Plessy, the Greensboro Four, Maya Angelou, and Arthur Ashe Jr., along with many others, worked against rac-ism to achieve success and to make signifi-cant contributions to the economic, edu-cational, political, artistic, athletic, lit-erary, scientific, and technological advance-ments of the United States, including the westward expansion; 
Whereas the contributions of African 
Americans from all walks of life throughout the history of the United States reflect the greatness of the United States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.013 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1034 February 23, 2015 
Whereas many African Americans lived, 
toiled, and died in obscurity, never achieving the recognition they deserved, and yet paved the way for future generations to succeed; 
Whereas African Americans continue to 
serve the United States at the highest levels of government and military; 
Whereas the birthdays of Abraham Lincoln 
and Frederick Douglass inspired the creation of Negro History Week, the precursor to Black History Month; 
Whereas Negro History Week represented 
the culmination of the efforts of Dr. Carter G. Woodson, the ‘‘Father of Black History’’, to enhance knowledge of Black history through the Journal of Negro History, pub-lished by the Association for the Study of African American Life and History, which was founded by Dr. Carter G. Woodson and Jesse E. Moorland; 
Whereas Black History Month, celebrated 
during the month of February, dates back to 1926 when Dr. Carter G. Woodson set aside a special period in February to recognize the heritage and achievement of Black people of the United States; 
Whereas Dr. Carter G. Woodson stated: 
‘‘We have a wonderful history behind us ....  
If you are unable to demonstrate to the world that you have this record, the world will say to you, ‘You are not worthy to enjoy the blessings of democracy or anything else.’’’; 
Whereas since the founding of the United 
States, the country imperfectly progressed towards noble goals; and 
Whereas the history of the United States is 
the story of people regularly affirming high ideals, striving to reach such ideals but often failing, and then struggling to come to terms with the disappointment of such failure, be-fore committing to trying again: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) acknowledges that all people of the 
United States are the recipients of the wealth of history provided by Black culture; 
(2) recognizes the importance of Black His-
tory Month as an opportunity to reflect on the complex history of the United States, while remaining hopeful and confident about the path ahead; 
(3) acknowledges the significance of Black 
History Month as an important opportunity to recognize the tremendous contributions of African Americans to the history of the United States; 
(4) encourages the celebration of Black 
History Month to provide a continuing op-portunity for all people in the United States to learn from the past and understand the experiences that have shaped the United States; and 
(5) agrees that, while the United States 
began as a divided nation, the United States must— 
(A) honor the contribution of all pioneers 
in the United States who have helped to en-sure the legacy of the great United States; and 
(B) move forward with purpose, united tire-
lessly as ‘‘one Nation . . . indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.’’. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 534 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 534) to prohibit funds from being 
used to carry out certain Executive actions related to immigration and for other pur-
poses. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be read for the second 
time on the next legislative day. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 535 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 535) to promote energy efficiency. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under rule XIV, I object to my own re-quest. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be read for the second 
time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 24, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Feb-ruary 24; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 12:30 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, and that the first hour be equally divided, with the Democrats controlling the first half and the Republicans controlling the final half. I further ask that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meet-ings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Sen-ators M
ERKLEY and C OONS for up to 10 
minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I have 
come to the floor this evening to speak about the impending shutdown this week of the Federal Department of Homeland Security. At a time when the folks I hear from in Delaware, and I suspect what all of the Members in this Chamber are hearing, as we return from a week spent in our home States, are concerns about our national secu-rity. 
Whether it is the heinous acts of ISIS 
abroad, or the real threats of the weather and recent weather-related events here at home, a central concern all of us should share in the Senate here tonight is about keeping our coun-try and our constituents safe. Yet shut-ting down the whole Department of Homeland Security later this week would show a reckless disregard for our national security by the Republican leader and some of the hard-line con-servatives who are, sadly, setting this agenda. 
In my view, we do not need to be 
here. The Democrats and Republicans working together on the Appropria-tions Committee negotiated a strong bipartisan Homeland Security funding bill months ago. It is a bill that if it got a vote before the full Senate would absolutely pass. It makes wide, needed, broad investments in strengthening all sorts of different organs of our govern-ment at the Federal, State, and local level that strengthen our homeland se-curity. 
Instead, the other party has insisted 
on attaching political provisions to the bill that would overturn the Presi-dent’s Executive action on immigra-tion. I know I do not need to remind the Presiding Officer or any of our col-leagues that we have already debated and passed comprehensive immigration reform in this Chamber which, if taken up by the House, would have made the President’s action completely unneces-sary. 
I think we all agree that congres-
sional action is the preferred path to-ward fixing our broken immigration system. If that is what my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are really concerned about, then I am eager to discuss how we can fix our badly bro-ken immigration system in a bipar-tisan manner by the preferred path of congressional action rather than Exec-utive action. 
But I think we should separate that 
debate over immigration and what is the right path toward a resolution of our broken system from a discussion about responsibly and sustainably funding our Department of Homeland Security. If we fail to fund Homeland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23FE6.014 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1035 February 23, 2015 
Security, it would have damaging con-
sequences to our economy, to the secu-rity of our communities, and to our reputation around the world. At this time of heightened concern about our cohesion, about our unity, and about our security as a country, failing to fund the Federal Department of Home-land Security I think sends the worst possible message to our allies around the world about our capacity as a ma-ture democracy of reaching responsible resolutions on difficult and divisive issues. 
If the Department of Homeland Secu-
rity shuts down this week, tens of thousands of its staff would be fur-loughed without pay. They include the FEMA disaster and preparedness staff, the very personnel who check the im-migration status of new employees through E-Verify, critical security in-telligence analysts, and the folks who run the domestic nuclear detection of-fices, just to name a few. 
The list of these tens of thousands of 
Homeland Security employees and the vital functions they perform would take longer than the evening could take. 
My own State of Delaware has the 
lowest mean elevation in the country. That means we are a really low-lying State. We are incredibly vulnerable to 
storms and to flooding, and we simply can’t afford to have FEMA’s staff sus-pended, furloughed, laid off. 
Whether we shut down or just have a 
short-term funding bill, funding for Homeland Security grants can’t go out. Some of the folks who watch this de-bate in the week ahead will have dif-ficulty discerning between folks on my side who will advocate for a so-called clean bill and others who will advocate for a CR. This is where the difference really is: in the areas of grants for State and local emergency prepared-ness—the difference between actually moving forward the bipartisan bill that was worked through the Appropria-tions Committee in the last Congress and simply continuing by continuing resolution the previous year’s author-ization. That difference is $1.5 billion for State and local emergency manage-ment all over this country. 
In my community, which is part of 
the Greater Philadelphia area, we are about to welcome the Pope. Something like 2 million people are expected in the Greater Philadelphia area as we welcome His Holiness to Philadelphia for the first time in a long time. 
I have heard from State and local law 
enforcement, first responders, emer-gency managers, and planners that they are counting on some of the grants from FEMA that are currently on hold, while they wait to discover the outcome of this week’s debates, to prepare for that important, very large event. In my own home community, there are volunteer fire companies which even now are working on sub-mitting grants. The SAFER Act and the fire grants act have become an im-portant part of making sure that our local volunteer fire companies have the 
equipment they need, the training they need to keep our communities safe. In Delaware the overwhelming ma-
jority of the crash response, the fire education, and the fire suppression are done by volunteer fire companies, which often have badly outdated equip-ment and insufficient funding. To sus-tain their training and their personnel, they need the grants that have been made available through FEMA and through the Department of Homeland Security over the last decade to up-grade and update their equipment, their materials, and their training. They have been vitally important. They have made a big difference in the fire service in my home State. There are grants to police departments that help ensure they have the tools, the training, and the equipment to be part of emergency preparedness and to keep our communities safe. 
If we shut down the Department of 
Homeland Security, 130,000 other DHS workers will be compelled to remain at work but without pay. I think the idea that there are Americans who work to keep us safe at the border, at our air-ports, on our coasts and that we don’t value them enough to ensure they will receive their pay for a hard day’s work just goes against the grain of what we stand for as a country. 
So are my colleagues really willing 
to send a message to everyone at Homeland Security that their work isn’t important enough to our Nation to ensure that they can provide for their family? That is the message if the Department of Homeland Security shuts down. It hurts families, it hurts morale, it hurts our preparedness, and it hurts our safety. 
I wish to say, as someone who is priv-
ileged to serve on the Foreign Rela-tions Committee and regularly gets the chance to meet with and talk with leaders from around the world, it sends the message that our democracy isn’t up to the task. 
I know this isn’t what my Republican 
friends want to do, and I urge us to come together and work in a way that will end this era of politics by crisis once and for all—no more shutdowns, no more manufactured crises, and no more demonstrating that we are better at stopping progress than at enacting progress. 
Democrats are ready to work to-
gether with Republicans to pass a bi-partisan, bicameral bill that we all know we can pass and that will fund the Department of Homeland Security and keep our country safe. I hope that after we—this afternoon—voted down for the fourth time a bill that seeks to repeal the President’s actions on immi-gration, we can put aside that partisan issue and come together to find a bi-partisan solution to fund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
We already know what that solution 
looks like. We just need to come to-gether and give it a vote. In my view, this is too important to trivialize as part of the ongoing posturing and par-tisan games that for so long have domi-nated this Chamber. 
I urge my colleagues to work with us. 
Fund Homeland Security and then let’s talk meaningfully in this Congress 
about how we can fix our broken immi-gration system together. 
I know we are all eager to continue 
that conversation. First, we need to solve this challenge and make sure that our communities, our States, and our country are safe. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I rise 
tonight to urge Congress to quit play-ing political games with our national security. It is time to have a clean Homeland Security funding bill on the floor of the Senate to be debated. 
We are only days away from a poten-
tial shutdown of the Homeland Secu-rity Department, and it is very clear that the reason is that Members of the House on Capitol Hill have decided they want to make a clear statement about certain policy statements. They want to have a policy rider that says young children who came to this coun-try and know no other country need to be prioritized for deportation. Why? Well, I think that is just wrong. 
But if Members of this body want to 
put that into a bill and want to put that on the floor of the House and want 
to put it on the floor of the Senate, I am quite ready to have that debate. 
Yet another policy rider says that 
the President must no longer prioritize the deportation of those with criminal backgrounds. Now, I happen to think we should prioritize deportation of any individuals who have conducted crimi-nal acts. If some of my colleagues want to have that policy debate, I am fine with that. Put it in a bill, bring it to the floor of the Senate, and let us have that debate. A vote will then be very clearly on that specific policy and peo-ple can have some accountability. The American people will have some trans-parency about what is being voted on. But do not put these policy riders into the middle of the funding bill and work to shut down Homeland Security. That is no way to run a country. 
We live in a dangerous world. We 
lack for many things, but one thing we don’t lack is security threats. It was less than 2 years ago that terrorists at-tacked us at the Boston Marathon. It was just weeks ago that we saw a hor-rific series of terrorist attacks on our friends in Paris. ISIL is a fierce and growing threat determined to wreak havoc. It is exactly at a time such as this that we should be working to-gether on a bipartisan basis to fund and strengthen Homeland Security, not playing political games with the Na-tion’s security, but here we are. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.018 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1036 February 23, 2015 
Is it more important, I ask my col-
leagues, to have a debate about deport-ing DREAMers than it is to protect Americans against terrorist threats? If someone feels it is more important, not only do I feel they are wrong, but I in-vite them to have that debate. Put that into a separate policy bill and 
have the courage to put it on the floor of the Senate as a separate policy bill. Do not compromise our national secu-rity by trying to shut down Homeland Security. 
This is a misguided strategy, and the 
resulting fallout isn’t just to national security. There are FEMA grants to disaster-stricken areas that will be stopped, local fire departments will be hampered, and thousands of essential public servants from Homeland Secu-rity to FEMA, to our terrific men and women in the Coast Guard will be forced to work without pay. 
Just last week I visited a Coast 
Guard installation in Newport, OR. It is an installation that has advanced rescue helicopters. They have five heli-copters that work in rotation to make sure one is in the Newport area and a second ready to back it up if it has troubles. 
This is a port that has so much sea 
traffic. It is a deepwater port. It has commercial fishing, it has sports fish-ing, it has tourists who play on the rocks of the beach and get trapped by the tide, and it has recreational swim-mers who get swept out by riptides. There is every kind of possible ocean- front disaster one could look for and so that rescue helicopter is very impor-tant. 
One of the young men I was speaking 
to is a rescue swimmer, an extraor-dinary individual who does some of the scariest, most courageous work in the world. These folks are not paid very much. They have bills to meet, similar to all the rest of us. Is this any way to run a country, to say you have to keep coming to work, but we are not going 
to send you a paycheck? To say to the thousands and thousands of young Americans who are working for our country in national security, ‘‘you are so important that you have to come to work whether or not we pay you,’’ is just wrong—wrong that we should be so disorganized, so partisan as to com-promise our national security. 
Our folks who work in national secu-
rity will be asked to continue working. They work in dangerous conditions that many of us could hardly imagine. They make sure our safety is improved. At a minimum, can’t we just have a de-bate on the funding bill without these political games? They do their work and they feel a sense of duty. Let’s have a sense of duty in doing our work. Let’s put the Homeland Security ap-propriations bill on this floor and let’s do so without partisan political riders. That game does no honor to our Nation nor to this institution. The public’s opinion of this Chamber has fallen due to exactly these types of games. So let’s end them. 
There is bipartisan support for end-
ing these types of political theatrics. One of my colleagues from Arizona said, ‘‘To attempt to use a spending bill in order to poke a finger in the President’s eye is not a good move in my view.’’ 
My colleague from Illinois, who 
serves across the aisle in this Chamber, said: 
The American people are pretty alarmed, 
as they should be, about security . . . the way to go forward is just fund the DHS. We ought to strip the bill of extraneous issues and make it about homeland security. 
That is a sentiment I think virtually 
every citizen feels at this moment. Let’s make it about homeland security. Let’s make it about us having the honor to do our duty. Our job on this floor is to consider this appropriations bill and not to load it down with favor-
ite policy riders and political theatrics. 
Every day that goes by puts us closer 
to this shutdown. There is no logic in careening from crisis to crisis, but some crises come about due to uncon-trollable factors. This one is entirely under our control. This one is entirely under the control of the leadership of the House and the leadership of the Senate. 
Earlier this evening I was on a phone 
call with many folks back home who serve in police departments and fire de-partments, in rural departments, rural emergency departments, and they were relaying the different types of grants they get that are so important to their communities. Some of them are search and rescue, some of them are disaster preparation, some are grants to fund the fire departments, and some for funding personnel. Nobody on the phone could understand why this Chamber is afraid to have a simple budget debate and an appropriations debate, a spending debate. They see no reason to load it down with politics that can be debated in separate policy bills. 
So I say to the leadership of this 
Chamber: Let’s get our act together. Put policy into policy bills and let’s put the spending bill before this body in a clean fashion and proceed to pro-tect our Nation’s security, as we are charged to do. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. to-morrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:18 p.m., 
adjourned until Tuesday, February 24, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23FE6.020 S23FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E229 February 23, 2015 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Feb-
ruary 24, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
FEBRUARY 25 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold hearings to examine Moving 
Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21) reauthorization, focusing on perspectives from owners, operators, and users of the system. 
SD–406 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine preserving 
the multistakeholder model of Internet governance. 
SR–253 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine a 21st cen-
tury regulatory system. 
SD–342 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold a joint hearing with the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of the American Legion. 
CHOB–345 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force. 
SD–192 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine America’s 
debt. 
SH–216 
1:30 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the fight 
against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), focusing on building the coalition and ensuring military effec-tiveness. 
SD–419 2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel 
To hold hearings to examine healthcare 
recommendations of the Military Com-pensation and Retirement Moderniza-tion Commission. 
SH–216 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine regional nu-
clear dynamics. 
SR–222 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 230, to 
provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska, and S. 321, to revoke the char-ter of incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for Indian programs. 
SD–628 
Commission on Security and Cooperation 
in Europe 
To hold hearings to examine Serbia’s 
leadership of the Organization for Se-curity and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), focusing on priorities and in-sights regarding the ongoing work of the OSCE. 
RHOB–2200 
FEBRUARY 26 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To resume hearings to examine world-
wide threats. 
SD–106 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
Business meeting to consider an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘End Modern Slavery and Trafficking Initiative Act of 2015’’. 
S–116 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider S. 178, to 
provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking, S. 166, to stop exploitation through trafficking, and the nomina-
tions of Loretta E. Lynch, of New York, to be Attorney General, Michelle K. Lee, of California, to be Under Sec-retary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, Alfred H. Bennett, George C. Hanks, Jr., and Jose Rolando Olvera, Jr., each to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, Jill N. Parrish, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, and Nancy B. Firestone, of Virginia, Thom-as L. Halkowski, of Pennsylvania, Pa-tricia M. McCarthy, of Maryland, Jeri Kaylene Somers, of Virginia, and Armando Omar Bonilla, of the District of Columbia, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims. 
SD–226 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016 for Veterans’ programs and fiscal year 2017 advance appropria-tions request. 
SR–418 10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Business meeting to consider pending 
calendar business. 
SR–253 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016 for the Forest Service. 
SD–366 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine Congress 
and the United States tariff policy. 
SD–215 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine medical and 
public health preparedness and re-sponse, focusing on future threats. 
SD–430 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Commerce. 
SD–192 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
MARCH 3 
2 p.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and the Na-
tional Interest 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
United States citizenship and immigra-tion services, focusing on ensuring agency priorities comply with the law. 
SD–226 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine a review of 
the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SH–216 
MARCH 4 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the President’s proposed budget re-quest for fiscal year 2016 for the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. 
SD–406 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold a joint hearing with the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation of the Veterans of Foreign Wars. 
SD–G50 
3:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine United 
States nuclear weapons policy, pro-grams, and strategy in review of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M23FE8.000 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E230 February 23, 2015 
Defense Authorization Request for fis-
cal year 2016 and the Future Years De-fense Program. 
SR–222 
MARCH 5 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold a joint hearing with the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation from multiple veterans service organi-zations. 
CHOB–345 MARCH 12 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To receive a closed briefing on missile 
defense programs in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SVC–217 
MARCH 18 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold a joint hearing with the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ex-amine the legislative presentation 
from multiple veterans service organi-zations. 
SD–G50 
MARCH 25 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine ballistic 
missile defense programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M23FE8.000 E23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D158 Monday, February 23, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senator Hoeven read Washington’s Farewell Address. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1017–S1036 
Measures Introduced: Six bills and two resolutions 
were introduced, as follows: S. 530–535, and S. Res. 83–84.
                                                                             Page S1031 
Measures Reported: 
Report to accompany S. 337, to improve the Free-
dom of Information Act. (S. Rept. No. 114–4) 
S. 165, to extend and enhance prohibitions and 
limitations with respect to the transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Pages S1030–31 
Measures Considered: 
Department of Homeland Security Appropria-
tions Act: Senate resumed consideration of the mo-
tion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 240, mak-ing appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015.
                                                                        Pages S1022–28 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 47 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. 57), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to 
consideration of the bill.
                                        Page S1028 
Senator McConnell entered a motion to reconsider 
the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S1028 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1030 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S1030, S1034 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1031–32 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1032–34 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1029–30 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—57)                                                                    Page S1028 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-
journed at 7:18 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, February 24, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1034.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet at 12 p.m. on Tuesday, Feb-ruary 24, 2015. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:07 Dec 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\FEB 15\D23FE5.REC D23FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D159 February 23, 2015 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D35 ) 
H.R. 203, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-
fairs to provide for the conduct of annual evaluations of mental health care and suicide prevention pro-grams of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to re-quire a pilot program on loan repayment for psychia-trists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Ad-ministration of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Signed on February 12, 2015. (Public Law 114–2) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
FEBRUARY 24, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: to hold 
hearings to examine Agricultural Act of 2014 implemen-tation after one year, and the nominations of Jeffery S. Hall, of Kentucky, and Dallas P. Tonsager, of South Da-kota, both to be a Member of the Farm Credit Adminis-tration Board, Farm Credit Administration, 9:30 a.m., SR–328A. 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, 
Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, to hold hear-ings to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–192. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold closed hearings to 
examine worldwide threats, 9:30 a.m., SVC–217. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: busi-
ness meeting to consider S. 527, to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who participated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tuesday, or in the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress, 10 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness, to hold hearings to examine United States human explo-ration goals and commercial space competitiveness, 2 p.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of the Interior, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine tax 
reform, growth and efficiency, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine a review of resources, priorities and programs in the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine recalibrating regulation of col-leges and universities, focusing on a report from the Task Force on Government Regulation of Higher Education, 
10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine improving the efficiency, ef-fectiveness, and independence of inspectors general, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
human trafficking in the United States, focusing on pro-tecting the victim, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold a joint hearing 
with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation of the Disabled American Veterans, 2 p.m., SD–G50. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 5, 
the ‘‘Student Success Act’’; and H.R. 529, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of February 24 through February 27, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Feb-
ruary 24, to hold hearings to examine Agricultural Act of 2014 implementation after one year, and the nomina-tions of Jeffery S. Hall, of Kentucky, and Dallas P. Tonsager, of South Dakota, both to be a Member of the Farm Credit Administration Board, Farm Credit Admin-istration, 9:30 a.m., SR–328A. 
Committee on Appropriations: February 24, Subcommittee 
on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–192. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, 
to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to exam-ine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Commerce, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. 
Committee on Armed Services: February 24, to hold closed 
hearings to examine worldwide threats, 9:30 a.m., SVC–217. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to 
hold hearings to examine regional nuclear dynamics, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23FE5.REC D23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D160 February 23, 2015 
February 25, Subcommittee on Personnel, to hold hear-
ings to examine healthcare recommendations of the Mili-tary Compensation and Retirement Modernization Com-mission, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
February 26, Full Committee, to resume hearings to 
examine worldwide threats, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Feb-
ruary 24, business meeting to consider S. 527, to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who par-ticipated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tuesday, or in the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March in 
March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the semiannual Monetary Policy Re-port to the Congress, 10 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on the Budget: February 25, to hold hearings 
to examine America’s debt, 10:30 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Feb-
ruary 24, Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competi-tiveness, to hold hearings to examine United States human exploration goals and commercial space competi-tiveness, 2 p.m., SR–253. 
February 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine preserving the multistakeholder model of Internet governance, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
February 26, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider pending calendar business, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: February 24, 
to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of the Interior, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
February 26, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Forest Service, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: February 25, 
to hold hearings to examine Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21) reauthorization, fo-cusing on perspectives from owners, operators, and users of the system, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: February 24, to hold hearings to 
examine tax reform, growth and efficiency, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
February 26, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine Congress and the United States tariff policy, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: February 24, to hold 
hearings to examine a review of resources, priorities and programs in the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
February 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), focusing on building the coalition and ensuring military effectiveness, 1:30 p.m., SD–419. 
February 26, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider an original bill entitled, ‘‘End Modern Slavery and Trafficking Initiative Act of 2015’’, 9:30 a.m., S–116, Capitol. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Feb-
ruary 24, to hold hearings to examine recalibrating regu-lation of colleges and universities, focusing on a report from the Task Force on Government Regulation of High-
er Education, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
February 26, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine medical and public health preparedness and re-sponse, focusing on future threats, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
February 24, to hold hearings to examine improving the efficiency, effectiveness, and independence of inspectors general, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
February 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine a 21st century regulatory system, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: February 25, business meet-
ing to consider S. 230, to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Cor-poration located in Bethel, Alaska, and S. 321, to revoke the charter of incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Okla-homa at the request of that tribe; to be immediately fol-lowed by an oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for Indian programs, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: February 24, to hold hearings 
to examine human trafficking in the United States, focus-ing on protecting the victim, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
February 26, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking, S. 166, to stop exploitation through trafficking, and the nominations of Loretta E. Lynch, of New York, to be Attorney General, Michelle K. Lee, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, Alfred H. Bennett, George C. Hanks, Jr., and Jose Rolando Olvera, Jr., each to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, Jill N. Parrish, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, and Nancy B. Firestone, of Virginia, Thomas L. Halkowski, of Pennsylvania, Patricia M. McCarthy, of Maryland, Jeri Kaylene Somers, of Virginia, and Armando Omar Bonilla, of the District of Columbia, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: February 24, to hold a 
joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs to examine the legislative presentation of the Dis-abled American Veterans, 2 p.m., SD–G50. 
February 25, Full Committee, to hold a joint hearing 
with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation of the American Legion, 10 a.m., 345, Cannon Building. 
February 26, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for Veterans’ programs and fiscal year 2017 ad-vance appropriations request, 9:30 a.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: February 24, to hold 
closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
February 26, Full Committee, to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23FE5.REC D23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D161 February 23, 2015 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, February 25, Full Committee, 
hearing to launch the top-to-bottom review of the SNAP program, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Nutrition, hearing to 
better understand the SNAP population through pub-lished research, 1 p.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, February 25, Subcommittee 
on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on quality of life in the mili-tary, 9:30 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural De-
velopment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of Agriculture, Office of the Secretary budget, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Financial Services and 
General Government, hearing on Internal Revenue Service oversight, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and 
Human Services, and Education, hearing on Department of Health and Human Services budget, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, 
Science, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of Justice, Department of Commerce, and National Aero-nautics and Space Administration oversight, 10:30 a.m., H–309 Capitol. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, 
and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of the In-terior budget, 1 p.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Transportation, Hous-
ing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, hear-ing on Department of Housing and Urban Development budget, 1 p.m., 2358–A Rayburn. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, 
hearing on House of Representatives, Government Ac-countability Office, and United States Capitol Police budgets, 2 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. 
February 25, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-
ations, and Related Programs, hearing on Department of State and Foreign Operations budget, 2 p.m., 2359 Ray-burn. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Energy and Water De-
velopment, hearing on Department of Energy budget, 9:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural De-
velopment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of Agriculture, Food Safety and Inspection Service budget, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Defense, hearing on 
United States Navy budget, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and 
Human Services, and Education, oversight hearing on the vital responsibility of serving the nation’s aging and dis-abled communities, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, 
and Related Agencies, hearing on Environmental Protec-tion Agency budget, 1 p.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Transportation, Hous-
ing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, hear-ing on Department of Transportation budget, 1 p.m., 
2358–A Rayburn. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, 
hearing on Architect of the Capitol and Library of Con-gress budgets, 1:30 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. 
February 27, Subcommittee on Defense, hearing on 
United States Air Force budget, 9 a.m., H–140 Capitol. 
February 27, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural De-
velopment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of Agriculture, Under Secretary for Natural Resources and the Environment, Natural Resources Conservation Service budget, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
February 27, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, 
and Related Agencies, hearing on Bureau of Indian Af-fairs and Bureau of Indian Education budgets; hearing on Bureau of Indian Education oversight, 10 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
Committee on Armed Services, February 25, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘How Is DOD Responding to Emerging Security Challenges in Europe?’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projec-
tion Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of the Navy Fiscal Year 2015 Budget Request for Seapower and Pro-jection Forces’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and 
Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Information Technology Investments and Programs: Supporting Current Oper-ations and Planning for the Future Threat Environment’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
February 26, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Out-
side Perspectives on the President’s Proposed Authoriza-tion for the Use of Military Force Against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request for Stra-tegic Forces’’, 1:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on the Budget, February 25, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 1 p.m., 210 Cannon. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, February 26, 
Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions, hearing entitled ‘‘The Blacklisting Executive Order: Rewriting Federal Labor Policies Through Executive Fiat’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, February 25, Sub-
committee on Energy and Power; and Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Fiscal Year 2016 EPA Budget’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Communications and 
Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘The Uncertain Future of the Internet’’, 10:30 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Health, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Examining the FY 2016 HHS Budget’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufac-
turing, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Update: Patent De-mand Letter Practices and Solutions’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23FE5.REC D23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D162 February 23, 2015 
February 27, Subcommittee on Environment and the 
Economy, hearing entitled ‘‘The Needs of Drinking Water Systems in Rural and Smaller Communities’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, February 25, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: Oversight of the Federal Housing Administration—Part II’’, 10 a.m., 2220 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, February 25, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing U.S. Interests in a Troubled World: The FY 2016 Foreign Affairs Budget’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Across the Other Pond: U.S. Opportu-nities and Challenges in the Asia Pacific’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
February 26, Subcommittee on the Western Hemi-
sphere, hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s New Cuba Pol-icy and U.S. National Security’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, 
Global Human Rights, and International Organizations; and Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Shame of Iranian Human Rights’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
February 27, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 757, 
the ‘‘North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2015’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, February 25, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the President’s Cy-bersecurity Information Sharing Proposal’’, 11:30 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Oversight and Manage-
ment Efficiency, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing DHS’s Per-formance: Watchdog Recommendations to Improve Homeland Security’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and 
Intelligence, hearing entitled ‘‘Addressing Remaining Gaps in Federal, State, and Local Information Sharing’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, February 25, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Unconstitutionality of Obama’s Executive Actions on Immigration’’, 10:15 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, 
Homeland Security, and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘ISIL in America: Domestic Terror and Radicalization’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, 
Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing on H.R. 870, the ‘‘Puerto Rico Chapter 9 Uniformity Act of 2015’’, 11:30 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. 
February 26, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The 
U.S. Copyright Office: Its Functions and Resources’’, 1:30 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
February 27, Subcommittee on the Constitution and 
Civil Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Class Actions Ten Years After the Enactment of the Class Action Fair-ness Act’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, February 
25, Subcommittee on National Security; and Sub-committee on Health Care, Benefits and Administrative Rules, joint hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security’s Policies and Procedures for the Apprehension, Detention, and Release of Non-Citi-zens Unlawfully Present in the United States’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
February 25, Subcommittee on Transportation and 
Public Assets, hearing entitled ‘‘Preventing Another MH370: Setting International Standards for Airline 
Flight Tracking’’, 10 a.m., 2247 Rayburn. 
February 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘FCC 
Process: Examining the Relationship Between the FCC and the White House’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits 
and Administrative Rules, hearing entitled ‘‘From Health Care Enrollment to Tax Filing: A PPACA Update’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
February 26, Subcommittee on the Interior, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Examining the Impacts of EPA Air and Water Regulations on the States and the American People’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
February 26, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘IRS: 
TIGTA Update’’, 7 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
February 27, Subcommittee on Government Oper-
ations, hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Government Trans-parency Through FOIA Reform’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee On Rules , February 25, Full Committee, hear-
ing on H.R. 5, the ‘‘Student Success Act’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , February 25, 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the Department of Energy’s Budget Proposal for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
February 25, Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘Secret 
Science Reform Act of 2015’’; and the ‘‘EPA Science Ad-visory Board Reform Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Ray-burn. 
February 26, Subcommittee on Research and Tech-
nology, hearing entitled ‘‘Overview of the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Proposals for the National Science Founda-tion and National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
February 27, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled 
‘‘The Commercial Crew Program: Challenges and Oppor-tunities’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee On Small Business , February 25, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The SBA Budget for FY 2016: Does it Meet the Needs of America’s Small Businesses?’’, 2 p.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure , February 
25, Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Trans-portation, hearing entitled ‘‘President’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request for Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation Programs’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Ways and Means , February 25, Sub-
committee on Social Security, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress; hearing on maintaining the Dis-ability Insurance Trust Fund’s solvency, 2 p.m., B–318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23FE5.REC D23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D163 February 23, 2015 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , February 25, 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘World Wide Threats’’, 10 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Feb-
ruary 25, to hold hearings to examine Serbia’s leadership of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Eu-
rope (OSCE), focusing on priorities and insights regard-
ing the ongoing work of the OSCE, 2:30 p.m., 2200, Rayburn Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23FE5.REC D23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD164 February 23, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, February 24 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business until 12:30 p.m. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 p.m., Tuesday, February 24 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Feb 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D23FE5.REC D23FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST