Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7289 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 2015 No. 152 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, October 20, 2015, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , OCTOBER 19, 2015 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable J ONI 
ERNST , a Senator from the State of 
Iowa. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, the foundation of good-
ness, You have done more than we can imagine to draw us to You. Draw our Senators nearer to You, prompting them to find joy in Your presence and inspiring them to obey Your com-mands. As they remember how You have sustained them in the past, de-liver them from the fear of failing at their difficult tasks. Lord, help them to focus on being productive, striving to please You with a harvest of sub-stantive legislation. When they en-counter disappointments, encourage them to remember that You can trans-form dark yesterdays into bright to-morrows. May Your grace, mercy, and peace sustain them now and always. 
We pray in Your merciful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The Presiding Officer led the Pledge 
of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , 
Washington, DC, October 19, 2015. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable J
ONIERNST , a Senator 
from the State of Iowa, to perform the duties of the Chair. 
O
RRIN G. H ATCH , 
President pro tempore. 
Mrs. ERNST thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
DEADLINES FACING CONGRESS 
AND SANCTUARY CITIES BILL 
Mr. REID. Madam President, in the 
coming days and weeks, we as a Con-gress face a series of real and impor-tant deadlines. First, we must address the debt ceiling. Last week, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew let the American people know that in 2 weeks—Novem-ber 3—the United States faces the threat of being unable to pay its bills. Unless we act, the Federal Government will default on its accrued debt—de-fault on its accrued debt. A huge per-
centage of this debt is the result of un-paid tax cuts for the wealthy and two unpaid wars during the last Bush Presi-dential administration. If we allow the United States to default on this debt, the consequences to world markets would be catastrophic, but that is not all. It is not all this leadership has ig-nored. 
Congress must reauthorize the Ex-
port-Import Bank, which has basically gone out of business, causing the loss of hundreds of thousands of jobs in the United States and hurting our econ-omy in more ways than one. It is also important that we pass a long-term surface transportation bill and again avert another potential Republican shutdown of our government by De-cember 11. 
Yet as the Senate reconvenes today, 
we are considering none of those vi-tally important matters. Instead—just as he did as the shutdown loomed last month—the Republican leader is spend-ing the Senate’s time on a partisan, ideological bill to placate the radicals within his own party. 
The senior Senator from Louisiana is 
the architect of this bill before the Senate, which targets the so-called 
sanctuary cities. Senator V
ITTER ’s leg-
islation fails to match the family val-ues rhetoric he so frequently touts. This vile legislation might as well be called ‘‘The Donald Trump Act.’’ Simi-lar to the disgusting and outrageous language championed by Donald Trump, this legislation paints all im-migrants as criminals and rapists. At 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19OC6.000 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7290 October 19, 2015 
its core, Senator V ITTER ’s bill under-
mines the ability of local law enforce-ment officials to police their own com-munities and ensure public safety. It is then no surprise that the Fraternal Order of Police and Major Cities Chiefs Police Association do not support the Vitter sanctuary cities legislation, and that is an understatement. If imple-
mented, this bill would punish local ju-risdictions by withholding Federal community grants that police depart-ments use to enhance public safety and build community trust. Imagine that, holding hostage public safety funding for police as a result of this misguided, farfetched legislation that everyone knows will not pass. 
Senator V
ITTER ’s legislation would 
also withhold community development block grants that ensure affordable housing and provides services to the most vulnerable in our communities. The Donald Trump Act would establish new mandatory minimum sentences for those who enter the country illegally. Initial estimates show that new man-datory minimums in this bill would re-sult in the need for nearly 20,000 new prison beds—20,000—requiring the con-struction of 12 or more huge new Fed-eral prisons, costing billions and bil-lions in taxpayer dollars. 
It seems Republicans don’t care 
about the cost to public safety. They don’t care about the cost of building new prisons. A few billion here, a few billion there of taxpayer dollars, that is OK. After all, Republicans are not proposing this bill to solve any prob-lem within our immigration system; this Donald Trump Act was designed to demonize immigrants and spread the myth that they are criminals and threats to the public. It promotes dis-crimination and bias. 
Decades—decades—of research dem-
onstrate that immigrants are less like-ly to commit serious crimes or be jailed than native-born individuals, and high rates of immigration are associ-ated with lower rates of violent crime, not higher. So the notion that The Donald Trump Act is necessary to pro-tect Americans from violent criminals is preposterous. 
Violent gun murders are a tragedy 
our Nation faces far too often. Every year—and it is getting worse, not bet-ter—32,000 people are killed by guns in this country. That is how many were killed last year. That is how many are going to be killed this year, but the number is going up. More Americans have been killed by guns since 1968 than in all the wars of our Nation’s his-tory—all the wars in our Nation’s his-tory. Republicans should direct their energy toward saving the lives of thou-sands through safer, smarter gun safe-ty legislation instead of capitalizing on hateful political rhetoric to advance their radical agenda, even though al-most 90 percent of the American public think there should be a background check for someone who is a criminal or has mental problems, even though over 50 percent of members of the National Rifle Association believe there should 
be background checks—but not con-gressional Republicans. No; they know better than 90 percent of the American people. 
Democrats believe local communities 
and local law enforcement are better judges of what will keep their commu-nities safe than Donald Trump or Bill O’Reilly. The safety of our neighbor-hoods and local communities should not be a pawn for Republicans’ latest gambit to hide their failure to act on comprehensive immigration reform. Local law enforcement officials, do-mestic violence groups, immigrants’ rights groups, mayors, faith leaders, and labor groups all oppose The Donald Trump Act. This bill does nothing to keep Americans safe, and it certainly does nothing to address our broken im-migration system. 
America is and always has been a na-
tion of immigrants, and we are all the better for having hard-working immi-grants as contributing members of our communities. This Nation deserves a commonsense immigration process that works, one that is tough on lawbreakers, fair to taxpayers, and practical to implement, but instead of joining Democrats in passing com-prehensive immigration reform that unites families, strengthens commu-nities, and boosts our economy, Repub-licans remain committed to their only approach to immigration policy: mass deportation. We all know this extreme rightwing approach would hurt our country and simply cannot work. The Donald Trump Act would shatter the trust between law enforcement and communities that keep our Nation safe. Republicans should abandon this shameless attempt to appease the base elements of their party. They should work with Democrats to pass com-prehensive immigration reform, which is years overdue. 
Sadly, though, until Republicans get 
serious about immigration reform, the Republican leader shouldn’t waste the Senate’s time on legislation that he knows will not pass. This legislation is not going to pass. He knows it. We all know it. Instead, he is just treading water, waiting for time to go by. The Republican leader should focus the Senate’s time and all of our efforts on the pressing matters we face—such as avoiding a catastrophic default and keeping our government open so we 
can do the people’s business. 
Madam President, would the Chair 
announce the business before the Sen-ate. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
STOP SANCTUARY POLICIES AND 
PROTECT AMERICANS ACT—MO-TION TO PROCEED 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of 
the motion to proceed to S. 2146, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 252, S. 
2146, a bill to hold sanctuary jurisdictions accountable for defying Federal law, to in-crease penalties for individuals who illegally reenter the United States after being re-moved, and to provide liability protection for State and local law enforcement who co-operate with Federal law enforcement and for other purposes. 
Mr. REID. Madam President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
TRAGEDY OF THE LOST CARGO SHIP ‘‘EL FARO ’’ 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, on Sep-
tember 29, an almost 800-foot cargo container vessel, the El Faro , a cargo 
ship carrying 33 men and women from Florida, left port in Jacksonville, FL, bound for Puerto Rico. There is a reg-ular trade route between San Juan and Jacksonville, and a lot of the goods the Puerto Rican Commonwealth receives are shipped by cargo container from the Port of Jacksonville. 
Three hours before it left port, the 
tropical storm that had been brewing had changed its status from a tropical storm to a hurricane, and over the course of the next 2 days, with commu-nications from the ship, that hurricane started to intensify, starting out as a category 1, category 2, and later a cat-egory 3. 
On the morning of the third day, Oc-
tober 1, at 7 a.m., there was a commu-nication from the captain of the ship, first left on a voice mail and then he immediately called back the person in the communications department of the shipping company who talked to the captain. The captain, in a very calm voice on both the telephone message voice mail and his communication with the person, said they had taken a posi-tion where the ship was leaning 15 de-grees. They were in rough seas, and they had lost power. Apparently in that communication, his voice was very calm and had some degree of con-fidence that he was going to be able to get the ship back underway, under power. 
It is not good to have a ship that is 
tilting 15 degrees in the middle of a storm, much less an oncoming hurri-cane, and with no power because that does not allow you to keep it directly into the waves or going away from the waves. Instead, the ship is going to turn broadside, with the full force of the waves hitting the side of the ship, and the ship was already listing 15 de-grees to one side. 
Well, that was the last communica-
tion. The hurricane had turned in a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19OC6.005 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7291 October 19, 2015 
southwesterly direction, and eventu-
ally, according to the forecast, it fi-nally made that turn to the right to start taking it north, and as a result it did not hit the continental east coast of the United States. It was out to the east of the Bahama Islands. 
The hurricane was still in the vicin-
ity, so it was another 2 days before the hurricane subsided enough that the U.S. Coast Guard could get in there, supplemented by the U.S. Navy, to start looking for survivors. 
Let me say something about the 
Coast Guard. We have the Coast Guard in our jurisdiction in the Commerce Committee. It is an extremely profes-sional military operation. I spent time this past summer with the Coast Guard up in Alaska. They are so good at what they do that the U.S. Navy can take its resources and use them elsewhere on the Alaska coast, which includes the Bering Sea and the Bering Strait, which we share with Russia, and the Coast Guard does an extraordinary job. Of course, throughout the Caribbean and all around my State of Florida, the Coast Guard stands tall. They rescue folks. 
It took them some time before they 
could get their C–130s flying in—and some of those may well have been Air Force. Until the Coast Guard could get their C–130s and H–60 helicopters with the swimmers who propel down from the helicopter to rescue survivors—it took them that long, and they started seeing debris. 
I have seen a picture of the lifeboat. 
It is an old lifeboat, an open lifeboat. If you saw the movie ‘‘Captain Phillips,’’ Captain Phillips and the people who had taken over the ship went in that covered orange lifeboat. They propelled it off the back of the ship, and it dove into the water. These were just plain lifeboats. They found a life preserver floating. Indeed, they found a life pre-server suit, which is a body suit that inflates when in the water. When the helicopter finally got there and checked it, they found no survivor in it. They saw remains. They were still actively searching for any survivors. In this particular case, when the swimmer went into the water, there were only remains left in the body suit, partially decomposed and so forth. This Senator cannot say enough about the Coast Guard. 
Those who were on that ship were 
from the State of Florida. Maritime work is a part of our culture, and we know the extreme importance of these jobs and the very real risk mariners face in their tough jobs. They are taken away from home for weeks and months to do hard work. Without our maritime efforts, we could not survive. That is where the biggest part of our shipping from other places is, on the sea, and our mariners provide this crit-ical service. They move products and cargo that drive our economy. Look at the economic engines of the seaports. 
This has been a tremendous loss for 
us—not the loss of the cargo, which was certainly an economic loss, but the 
loss of 33 lives. It is especially a loss for the families and friends who knew and loved the crew of the El Faro . We 
share their grief. 
The loss of this ship raised many 
questions, so over the recess I went to Jacksonville. I went to the port. I talked to the National Transportation Safety Board. I talked to the Coast Guard. They have opened an investiga-tion. I am giving these remarks to the Senate at this time because tomorrow we expect a preliminary report from the National Transportation Safety Board. 
In dock is the sister ship, the El 
Yunque . One ship would be in one port 
and the other ship in the other port, and they would cross. In fact, those two ships crossed in the Caribbean within sight of each other before the El 
Faro, heading southeast, got into trou-
ble. So I wanted to go there because it is our Commerce Committee that has the job of seeing that these agencies are doing as thorough a job as possible. 
We expectantly await that report. I 
know we want all of the answers right now. It is important that a thorough examination is conducted to find out exactly what happened. For the fami-lies and friends of those lost on the El 
Faro, and for the safety of all mariners, 
we are going to make sure that we get the answers. 
What would I speculate? Well, I cer-
tainly do not have the expertise in the sea. But if you get a call and the cap-tain’s voice is calm, and he says that we are listing 15 degrees, then there has been some breach of the ship. Like-ly, there is water inside of the ship. If in that same phone call that you get he is saying that we have lost power, then we know that there is the making of a disaster. Why didn’t the captain and the crew know that the hurricane had become a hurricane that was an-nounced by the National Weather Serv-ice and the National Hurricane Center 3 hours before they left the Port of Jacksonville? What caused the captain to think he could sail, and sail in the direction of an oncoming hurricane, and that he would not get into its ef-fects? Why did the engines cut off so that he lost power? All of these things we don’t know, but we expectantly look forward to getting some answers maybe in this preliminary report to-morrow. 
So, in honor of those lost on board 
the El Faro , I would simply conclude 
my remarks by asking for a moment of silence. 
Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I can 
still remember the day in June a few years ago, June 27, 2013—2
1⁄2years ago. 
The Senate gathered and voted on com-prehensive immigration reform. The vote was 68 to 22. The bill meant a lot to many of us. Eight of us—four Demo-crats and four Republicans—had lit-erally worked for months trying to craft a bill to address the massive im-migration system in America, a system that is terribly broken. 
I think it surprised a lot of people, 
but we did it. Democrats and Repub-licans agreeing on something—there is a headliner. Who sat across the table? Not an easy jury to decide any issue when it came to Senate business. On our side of the table were C
HUCK SCHU-
MER of New York, chair of the Senate 
immigration subcommittee of the Ju-diciary Committee at that point; my-self; B
OBMENENDEZ , Hispanic Amer-
ican Senator from the State of New Jersey; and M
ICHAEL BENNET of Colo-
rado—four of us. 
On the opposite side of the table, 
JOHNMCCAINled the effort on the Re-
publican side, along with L INDSEY GRA-
HAM of South Carolina, who had a 
background in law enforcement in the military and is currently running for President. Next to him, M
ARCO RUBIO 
from the State of Florida, Cuban Amer-ican, came to this undertaking. He, too, is running for President of the United States; and J
EFFFLAKE of Ari-
zona, a conservative Republican. 
We worked for months. We went 
through every provision and came to a bipartisan agreement to move the bill forward. We passed it 68 to 22. I think it would have been a dramatic im-provement over the current laws or lack of laws in America. 
The House of Representatives refused 
to call it up, wouldn’t even bring the matter before its committees, and never had a debate on any immigration issue in the 2
1⁄2years since. They 
missed an opportunity, an opportunity to do something important and a rare opportunity where Democrats and Re-publicans happened to agree on a solu-tion. That is hard to come by in this place. 
This bill would have strengthened 
border security, cracked down on ille-gal immigration, protected American workers, and established a tough but fair path for 11 million undocumented immigrants in this country who are currently living here, and it gave them a path to legal status. They would pay their taxes, pay their fines, go through a criminal background check, and then they would be eligible—not before then. 
Democrats were in the majority of 
the Senate at that moment. We reached across the aisle to work with Republicans, so the bill was truly bi-partisan. Well, it is a shame that the Republican-controlled House of Rep-resentatives would not even consider the bill. We asked them: Just call the bill. If it is going to be defeated, call it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19OC6.006 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7292 October 19, 2015 
No, we are not going to consider any 
immigration reform—and they have not. 
We are in a new Senate now, a new 
Senate under control of the other party, and what has been the approach to immigration? Unfortunately, little time has been spent trying to find com-mon ground. First, some Senate Repub-licans threatened to shut down the De-partment of Homeland Security. This is the Department that not only has us take our shoes off at the airport, they are literally trying to protect us from another act of terrorism in the United States. For months, the Senate Repub-licans refused to pass an appropriations bill to fund the Department of Home-land Security until the Democrats would accept anti-immigrant amend-ments. After we repeatedly rejected this approach, they finally relented and passed a clean appropriations bill for this important Department for America’s security. 
Now here we go again. Some Senate 
Republicans have brought partisan leg-islation to the floor—and understand this—to defund, remove the funding from law enforcement efforts in this country. I don’t know what is hap-pening in many places, but I do know what is happening in the Midwest. We have seen violent crime, gun-related crime, go up dramatically, a 20-percent increase in gun-related deaths this year in Chicago over the previous year. In the city of Milwaukee, there is a 100- percent increase in gun-related crime this year. 
So why would we even consider a bill 
that is before us on the floor of the Senate, offered by the Senator from Louisiana, to reduce funding for law enforcement and police departments? Senator V
ITTER has offered a bill that 
would block important police, disaster relief, and other funding from commu-nities that do not share immigration information with the Federal Govern-ment or don’t hold a detainee at the behest of Federal immigration authori-ties. My Republican colleagues know this bill has no chance to become law. They have made no effort to engage the Democrats in a bipartisan conversa-tion. It may pass the Senate—but I doubt it—and if it does, the President would veto it. This is done for reasons other than passing a bill and creating a new law. 
Some of my colleagues on the other 
side of the aisle claim they were re-sponding to the tragic—and, yes, it was tragic—death of Kate Steinle, a young woman who was allegedly shot and killed by Francisco Sanchez, an un-documented immigrant with a long criminal history. Mr. Sanchez had sev-eral drug convictions. He illegally re-entered the United States several times after he was deported. Earlier this year, he finished his third prison sentence for illegal reentry. 
The Bureau of Prisons should have 
turned Mr. Sanchez over to the Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement De-partment to be deported, but instead they sent him to San Francisco to face 
a 20-year-old marijuana charge. Not surprisingly, local authorities decided not to prosecute this old charge, so sadly, unfortunately, tragically he was released. This never ever should have happened. Federal and local authori-ties must do a better job of commu-nicating and coordinating so undocu-mented immigrants with serious crimi-nal records are detained and deported, period. 
The bill before us doesn’t solve the 
problem which I have just described. It wouldn’t have prevented the tragic death of this young woman. In fact, this legislation would actually make us less safe by threatening communities with the loss of millions of dollars in critical Federal funding for local law enforcement, as well as discouraging immigrants from cooperating with local police. 
The Chicago Tribune—not known as 
any liberal publication—published an editorial opposing the bill that is com-ing before us. They said: ‘‘Threatening to take money away from local police is a sound bite, not a solution.’’ 
Republican Congressman B
OBDOLD, 
from my home State of Illinois, was one of five Republicans who voted against the House version of the bill. He said: ‘‘Cutting funding for local law enforcement would not have prevented this horrible crime.’’ 
What would the consequences be of 
passing the Vitter bill that is pending before the Senate? At risk are tens of millions of dollars in funding from sev-eral programs. The State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, also known as SCAAP, helps cover the costs for States and localities to detain undocu-mented immigrants with serious crimi-nal records; the Community Oriented Policing Services Grant Program— which we all know about from serving in the Senate because our local police departments benefit from COPS fund-ing; and the community development block grants provide critical funding for local communities for disaster re-lief and other priorities. 
I wish to give some examples from Il-
linois of the impact of the Vitter bill. In fiscal year 2014, Cook County—our largest county—received $1,381,552 in SCAAP funding, and in fiscal year 2015, Chicago received $72,477,673 in CDBG funding, and $3,125,000 in funding through the COPS Hiring Program to address gun violence. 
The Fraternal Order of Police sent a 
letter opposing the Vitter bill—which is before the Senate—on behalf of its 330,000 police members who belong to that fraternity. This is what it said: ‘‘It is wrong and a gross unfairness to punish these brave men and women, or the citizens they serve, because Con-gress disagrees with their enforcement priorities with respect to our nation’s immigration laws.’’ 
This bill is supposedly an effort to 
punish so-called sanctuary cities—in-cluding some in my own home State— that have policies limiting dealings be-tween Federal immigration authorities 
and local law enforcement, but the goal of these policies is to promote effective community policing by encouraging immigrant communities to trust local police. Many of these policies were es-tablished in response to Secure Com-munities, a program created by the Bush administration and a program which badly damaged the relationship between immigrant communities and local law enforcement around the coun-try. 
My State police signed a memo-
randum of agreement with immigra-tion authorities to participate in Se-cure Communities. The agreement said the goal of the program was to ‘‘iden-tify, detain, and remove from the United States aliens who have been convicted of serious criminal offenses.’’ 
However, it turned out more than 30 
percent of those deported from Illinois in the program had no criminal record. Less than 20 percent had been con-victed of a serious crime. Illinois law enforcement officials say the program eroded trust in law enforcement in the Hispanic community. Their conclusion is backed up by polling data. A 2013 University of Illinois study found that 44 percent of Latinos report being less likely to contact the police if they are a victim of crime out of fear that po-lice will inquire about their immigra-tion status or people they know. 
The Vitter bill makes this problem 
even worse by forcing local law en-forcement to become enforcers of im-migration laws. I received a letter op-posing the Vitter bill from the Law En-forcement Immigration Task Force, a group of more than 30 law enforcement officials, including Republican Lake County Sheriff Mark Curran, a local law enforcement official from my home 
State whom I have worked with in the past. These officials are very concerned that this bill will make our commu-nities less safe by discouraging immi-grants from cooperating with law en-forcement. 
This is what the local law enforce-
ment in Illinois said: 
When state and local law enforcement 
agencies are required to enforce federal im-migration laws, undocumented residents may fear that they, or people they know or depend upon, risk deportation by working with law enforcement. This fear undermines trust between law enforcement and the com-munities we serve, creating too much room for dangerous criminals and violent crime. 
The Vitter bill also dramatically in-
creases penalties for illegal entry, in-cluding two new mandatory minimum criminal sentences. Estimates are that these new penalties created by the Vit-ter bill would require approximately 18,600 new prison beds and up to 12 new Federal prisons. New Federal prisons cost several hundred million dollars to construct, tens of millions of dollars to operate. In sum, these new mandatory minimums will cost taxpayers billions of dollars. There is no suggestion in this bill of how we would pay for that. 
The real solution to this problem is 
smart and targeted immigration en-forcement that encourages cooperation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19OC6.008 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7293 October 19, 2015 
with local law enforcement. The Home-
land Security Department only has enough funding to deport a small frac-tion of the undocumented immigrants in our country. President Obama has wisely said we should focus on those who could do us harm. In fact, 85 per-cent of those deported from the inte-rior of our country in fiscal year 2014 had a criminal conviction—and they should have been deported—compared 
to only 38 percent in 2008 under the pre-vious President. This President’s poli-cies has focused our limited resources on deporting dangerous people, deport-ing felons, not families; criminals, not children. 
As part of the effort to target immi-
gration enforcement, Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson has established the Priority Enforcement Program, also known as PEP, to re-place security communities. PEP is de-signed to protect our safety while im-proving trust between local police and communities they serve. The program enables DHS to work with State and local law enforcement to take custody of individuals who pose a danger to public safety before they are released. PEP has only been operational for a short time. We need to give it a chance to work before we rush in to pass this legislation which could only make the problem worse. 
The best way to fix our broken immi-
gration system, incidentally, and make our communities safer is to pass com-prehensive immigration reform once and for all. The bill the Senate passed in 2013 would have made unprecedented investments in border security, would have cracked down on employers who hire undocumented immigrants, and ramped up interior enforcement of im-migration laws. 
The bill would have invested $46 bil-
lion in new resources in border secu-rity, including no fewer than 38,405 U.S. Border Patrol agents along the south-ern border, enhanced penalties for in-creased immigration violations with sentences of up to 20 years for those with criminal histories, and increased penalties for passport and immigration document trafficking and fraud. 
Most important, this bill would bring 
millions of people out of the shadows and require them to prove their iden-tity, pass a criminal background check, and pay all fines and taxes. This would allow immigration enforcement to focus on the people who are truly a public safety threat. 
So instead of this Senate taking up a 
bipartisan bill for true immigration re-form, we have this bill, a bill not likely to go much further than this proce-dural motion which we will face tomor-row. 
This bill on the floor would not have 
prevented Kate Steinle’s tragic death. Here is the reality: The vast majority of immigrants are hard-working, law- abiding individuals with strong family values. I work with them, I know them, I trust them, and I believe they have an important role to play when it comes to this country’s future. Many studies have shown that immi-
grants are less likely to commit seri-ous crimes than native-born individ-uals. This bill unfortunately focuses on the violent acts of the few to scapegoat an entire community. This is dan-gerous and irresponsible. This bill con-tinues down a dangerous path by pro-moting the myths that immigrants pose a threat to our Nation’s safety. 
I urge my colleagues to reject this 
legislation. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNIZING HOSPICE OF THE WESTERN  
RESERVE  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, both of 
my parents spent their final days in hospice care. My father passed away a decade and a half ago at the age of 89. My mother was in hospice care for a few weeks—seemed to be long weeks, but a few weeks—and died at 88 6
1⁄2 
years ago. 
I saw firsthand how home care work-
ers and hospice workers make a dif-ference in someone’s final days and the comfort they bring to families. During the last moments of my mom’s life, people who didn’t even know her showed incredible care and kindness, and helped to bring peace to her, com-fort to her, and to our family. 
Last week I visited in my home city 
of Cleveland. Only a few miles away is the hospice Western Reserve, one of the best not-for-profit hospices in the en-tire Midwest. I held a roundtable with a number of employees who have made a career of caring for Ohioans reaching the end of their lives. 
Western Reserve’s core values are: 
compassion, excellence, quality, integ-rity, service, and stewardship. Each worker there—from social workers to cooks to maintenance workers to nurses—embodies these traits. They work in what some might assume to be a sad environment. Many of the pa-tients they care for die in a matter of days or weeks. Each day they encoun-ter not only Ohioans who are near the end of life but they spend time with family members who are preparing to grieve for a loved one. 
Yet Hospice of the Western Reserve 
is far from being a depressing work-place. The staff is committed to caring for parents and families, and they imbue their work—and their patients and their workplace—with a fas-cinating joy of serving others. 
Hospice nursing assistant Audrey 
Boylan said to me: ‘‘It’s an honor to be here.’’ Laquita Bradford, a dietary server, talked about the sense of ‘‘to-getherness’’ among the staff. She com-pared it to an extended family. 
Workers spoke about other jobs they 
had elsewhere and all echoed the same sentiment: ‘‘It’s different here’’ at the Hospice of the Western Reserve. As I 
said, it is one of the best not-for-profit hospices in the Midwest. Their compas-sion and commitment has a deep im-pact on their patients and their fami-lies and, frankly, on me in my visit. 
One of the social workers, Jennifer 
Stevens, spoke about how she helps families and patients understand where they are in their journey. A volunteer, Roz Fabrotta, a longtime teacher and now a volunteer for Hospice of the Western Reserve, spoke with passion about her work in the bereavement camp that the hospice runs for 6- to 12- year-olds who have lost loved ones. There is not any real revenue for that bereavement camp. That is what not- for-profit hospices often do. 
Western Reserve’s Elisabeth Sever-
ance Bereavement Center is funded by raising money and is dedicated to help-ing families through these heart- wrenching situations. Its staff, for in-stance, provided counseling to families after the senseless shooting at Chardon High School in February of 2012, where several students were killed, and their practices were used as a model by counselors after the tragic shooting at Sandy Hook. 
Through all this work, these men and 
women maintain a positive atmosphere for each other and for those they serve. 
Keli Keyes is a nurse at the hospice. 
Her coworker and pet, Linus the ther-apy dog, who was with us at our round-table, is a beautiful golden retriever who accompanies her to work each day. All he has to do to bring a smile to pa-tients and family members is to snug-gle up to them or put his nose up to their hands. 
Western Reserve has more than 3,000 
volunteers. I think that tells you all you need to know about this place— that so many Ohioans are willing to take time out of their busy lives to be part of their community and to care for their fellow citizens. 
Alvin Fomby, who used to work at 
Quicken Loans Arena and used to know LeBron James, decided he would rather work at the hospice, where he could make a real difference in preparing food for families and people in hospice care. 
Janet Bildstein, who works at the 
Hospice of Western Reserve, grew up only a few blocks from there and has spent many years working at the hos-pice. 
Joe Tyler, who makes things work, 
reminded me of my father-in-law, who was a maintenance worker at Electric Utility Company in Ashtabula, OH, and he could fix anything. He carried a 12- foot wrench around with him at the powerplant and he could fix anything. Joe Tyler reminded me of that. He said he works under more pressure, which he loves, to fix something in a room immediately. If the air-conditioning or the heating or the electricity goes out or if something happens to a lamp, he needs to take care of these families right away. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19OC6.009 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7294 October 19, 2015 
The men and women at this hospice 
are an inspiration to all of us, but they are not alone. 
RECOGNIZING MY BROTHER ’S KEEPER  
Mr. President, last year President 
Obama launched the My Brother’s Keeper challenge to expand opportuni-ties for a group that is far too often left behind in this country—African- American boys and young men. 
The President reached out to cities 
across the country to find people com-mitted to ensuring all Americans have access to the opportunities they de-serve. One of the cities that rose to the occasion is Dayton, OH. 
I had the privilege last week of vis-
iting one of America’s great cities— Dayton—with its mayor, Nan Whaley, a young bright mayor. I also visited with Broderick Johnson, who is the chair of the My Brother’s Keeper Task Force, and works in the White House with the President. We held a round-table with policymakers and activists and citizens who had heeded this call to action. 
Dayton already, with Mayor Whaley 
and others, has a number of successful programs in place: Learn to Earn, City of Learners, and several mentorship programs. I heard the stories of men-tors and their mentees, who make a real difference in the lives of so many. 
I met Belmont High School senior 
Miles Tidd. Miles grew up with a single mother and had a tough time early in high school. He wanted to drop out. Miles was matched with mentor Quinn Howard. Quinn wouldn’t let Miles drop out. He was the stable figure in Miles’ life, who clearly loves him and cares about him, and he pushes him to do better. Miles is close to graduating. After 3 years of Junior ROTC, he wants to join the Air Force Reserves and to go to the Citadel. 
I met Miles and Quinn at our round-
table at the Dayton Boys Preparatory Academy. Miles said that ‘‘the best way to make yourself feel better is to look outside yourself, and go out of your way to help others.’’ 
That seemed to be the theme of these 
young men, ages 15 to 20, who had been helped by a mentor. Their goal in life is to now turn around and help somebody younger than they are. 
Also at the roundtable was Alexander 
Worthy, who wore a Dayton ‘‘Live With Honor’’ T-shirt, referring to the cam-paign launched by the Dayton Commu-nity Police Council. The campaign asks Dayton residents to come to-gether to combat a culture of violence and rethink what it means to live with honor. 
Alexander learned discipline and 
work ethic from his mentor, Bishop Mark McGuire. Bishop McGuire worked with Alexander to help him keep his summer job at their church, and Alex-ander now participates in the church’s Young Life youth group. 
We also heard from mentor Terry 
Purdue. Terry is a Dayton native. He grew up with a lot of good folks around him, a strong father and mother, but still made plenty of mistakes. He now 
serves as a mentor and a police officer on Dayton’s West Side. He formed a group called the Unit. The Unit holds free work-out classes 3 days a week downtown. Thousands have joined the Unit for a class, and at each one he asks participants to volunteer to help the Dayton community. The Unit takes on a new project each month. 
At one roundtable the mentors and 
mentees told their stories. One middle schooler, James Carr, was, at first, too shy to speak. Finally, after seeing other boys speak up, James raised his hand and talked about how he picks up trash around his school to keep it clean and helps special ed students at school. There is a boy in his class who is blind, and he helps him walk to lunch and to the bathroom. James talked about wanting to make good grades and most of all, he said, he just wants to ‘‘stay normal.’’ 
Think about that. This child wasn’t 
even in high school yet, and for him it is a struggle to stay normal. That is why the work of My Brother’s Keeper is so important. Mentors can provide a steady influence in the lives of children for whom living a stable life—one that those of us privileged enough to serve in this body would consider ‘‘normal’’— is a daily struggle. 
Frederick Douglass said that it is 
‘‘easier to build strong children than repair broken men.’’ We need a strat-egy to allow our children to reach their full potential, not one that accepts that an entire segment of our citizens will grow up with limited options. It means ending disparities in our edu-cation system. It means continuing to work to reform our criminal justice system. It means working to rebuild the broken relationship between police departments in far too many cities and the communities they serve. It means taking steps to address the employ-ment gap that exists between young men of color and other Americans. It means working to end the scourge of gun violence in our communities. It means providing those in our society who have made mistakes a second chance. 
I encourage all of my colleagues to 
support the work My Brother’s Keeper is doing. We also have one in Colum-bus. We hope to see more of those in Ohio. It is up to all of us to ensure that all of our children, regardless of their ZIP code or the color of their skin, have the opportunity to succeed. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I rise 
today in support of an important piece of legislation that I have introduced that would bring an end to the dan-gerous existence of sanctuary cities— the Stop Sanctuary Policies and Pro-tect Americans Act. 
The Illegal Immigration Reform and 
Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 included language that specifically prohibits State and local governments from enacting sanctuary policies. De-
spite this, cities continually violate that provision by having sanctuary policies in place. If these cities and lo-calities want to continue to blatantly disregard Federal law, they should no longer receive certain Federal funds. 
Now, the sanctuary policies that we 
are talking about fall into two cat-egories: one, ordinances that bar city employees from asking about a per-son’s immigration status under any circumstances; and two, policies that prevent them from reporting a sus-pected illegal alien to Federal immi-gration law enforcement authorities. These sanctuary policies and sanctuary cities that enact them are dangerous and counterproductive to both law en-forcement efforts and reducing illegal immigration. 
We know there are many instances in 
which an illegal alien is released by local authorities and then commits a very serious crime—sometimes a mur-der or a fatal crime. By now we all know of the tragic event that renewed our focus on this issue back in July— the murder of a 32-year-old woman named Kate Steinle in San Francisco. 
Kate’s suspected murderer was an il-
legal immigrant who had been deported 5 times previously and was released this past April by local law enforce-ment, specifically citing San Fran-cisco’s sanctuary city laws, defying a request by U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement officials to hold him for deportation proceedings. If this ille-gal immigrant had been held for depor-tation proceedings instead of being set free, Kate Steinle would be alive today—period, end of story. 
Unfortunately, San Francisco is far 
from the only city in the country car-rying out this dangerous policy, and Kate Steinle is far from being the only victim of a serious crime committed by an illegal immigrant under these sorts of circumstances. 
On July 24, 2015, Marilyn Pharis was 
brutally raped, tortured, and murdered in her home in Santa Maria, CA, by an illegal immigrant who was released from custody because the county sher-iff does not honor detainment. Again, this is a clear instance that would be stopped but for sanctuary policies. 
On July 27, 2015, an illegal immigrant 
was arrested and accused of killing 60- year-old Margaret Kostelnik in Ra-venna Road, OH. Before murdering Ms. Kostelnik, the man allegedly at-tempted to rape a 14-year-old girl and shoot a woman in a nearby park. The suspect also was previously in the cus-tody of law enforcement but was re-leased because the Department of Homeland Security refused to issue a detainer and take custody of the sus-pect—a related problem. 
On July 30, a 2-year-old girl was bru-
tally beaten by an illegal immigrant in San Luis Obispo County, CA. He was released from local custody despite a U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement detainer and extensive criminal history. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19OC6.011 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7295 October 19, 2015 
Other cases include last year, when a 
Virginia man who killed a Catholic nun in a drunk-driving crash was revealed to be an illegal alien who had been pre-viously arrested. 
An illegal alien committed a shock-
ing execution-style murder of three college students in the sanctuary city of Newark, NJ, several years ago. He had been arrested twice before this grizzly crime. In the aftermath of the murders, the attorney general of New Jersey effectively eliminated Newark’s sanctuary city policy. 
Now, according to documents uncov-
ered by a Freedom of Information Act request by the Center for Immigration Studies, ICE lists at least 340 cities defying Federal law, providing safe haven to illegal immigrants, including my original hometown of New Orleans. These policies, again, are a direct in-fringement of Federal law, and it is simply unacceptable. 
Worse still, these cities are actively 
releasing criminal illegal immigrants back into our communities instead of working cooperatively with Federal of-ficials to deport them or lock them up. I firmly believe it is time to reverse these illegal policies, to bar them once and for good. That is why I have joined on this crucial piece of legislation with Senators T
OOMEY , G RASSLEY , C RUZ, 
JOHNSON , CORNYN , SULLIVAN , PERDUE , 
ISAKSON , RUBIO, BARRASSO , and T HUNE . 
We are introducing this legislation and we are getting a vote tomorrow to end the practice of sanctuary cities vio-lating existing Federal immigration law. 
This legislation takes a common-
sense approach to this problem, and there are three key parts to the bill. 
First, this bill changes the incentives 
for cities by creating penalties for States, local governments, and law en-forcement entities that choose to have these policies in place. These penalties come in the form of the removal of cer-tain streams of Federal funding for sanctuary jurisdictions, and the pen-alties apply to whatever government entity is actually making that bad de-cision. 
In cases where a law enforcement en-
tity, such as a jail or a police depart-ment, has a policy or practice that re-fuses to comply with Federal immigra-tion law, it will be prevented from re-ceiving community-oriented policing services grants or State Criminal Alien Assistance Program grants. So that en-tity directly will be penalized; it is making the bad decision. On the other hand, if a State or city council or exec-utive passes a resolution or imple-ments a policy or practice that refuses to comply with Federal immigration law, then that city or entity will no longer be available for community de-velopment block grant funds. 
Again, we penalize the specific entity 
or public official involved. It is impor-tant that Federal funds are withheld from the entity that makes the dan-gerous decision to allow dangerous ille-gal immigrants to walk free rather than turning them over to the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security. 
Second, we have seen the willingness 
of jurisdictions to comply with immi-gration detainers decrease in recent years due to litigation pursued by the ACLU. We know dozens of jurisdictions that want to cooperate and were co-operating but became sanctuary cities in reaction to these lawsuits. Our legis-lation deals with this threat head-on and grants local law enforcement the clear authority to always comply with ICE detainers. However, it is important to note that we have been very careful to protect individual rights and have preserved an individual’s right to sue for a violation of their civil or con-stitutional rights. But if the problem was with the detainer, then individuals sue ICE and not the local law enforce-ment officials. 
The third and final part of this legis-
lation deals directly with those who continue to cross our border illegally, and it establishes Kate’s Law—appro-priately named after Kathryn Steinle, whom I mentioned earlier. Kate’s Law increases mandatory minimum sen-tence requirements for people who con-tinue to cross the border illegally. Kate’s Law will increase the maximum penalty for illegal reentry from 2 years to 5 years. It also creates a maximum penalty of 10 years for illegal immi-grants who have been denied admis-sion, excluded, deported, or removed three or more times and then illegally reenter the country. 
In order to ensure appropriate treat-
ment of criminal illegal immigrants, Kate’s Law creates a mandatory min-imum sentence of 5 years for any ille-gal immigrant who illegally reenters the country and has been convicted of an aggravated felony prior to removal or has been previously convicted twice of illegal reentry. Right now, there are nearly 170,000 convicted criminal aliens who have been ordered deported but re-main at large in our country. This is a direct result of nonenforcement poli-cies and failed leadership. 
Last year, ICE responded to a re-
quest, disclosing that it released 169 convicted illegals from over 130 ZIP Codes in 2013. At least two of the ZIP Codes mentioned are in Louisiana— Kenner and Baton Rouge—and dan-gerous criminals were released through the South Louisiana Detention Center. This year alone, ICE reported releasing 30,558 unique criminal illegal immi-grants from their custody. Some of the crimes committed by these criminal aliens include arson, assault, burglary, kidnapping, larceny, robbery, sexual assault, drunk driving, weapons of-fenses, and 20 other serious crimes. Why would we ever want to provide safe harbor to these people? That is what sanctuary cities are doing. 
This legislation is supported by a 
wide range of organizations to crack down on this problem: the Remem-brance Project, NumbersUSA, Federa-tion for American Immigration Re-form, the Federal Law Enforcement Of-ficers Association, the International 
Union of Police Associations, AFL– CIO, the National Association of Police Organizations, the National Sheriffs’ Association, America First Latinos, and letters from the McCann, Rosen-berg, Ronnebeck, Oliver, and Wilkerson families, all of whom tragically had family members murdered by illegal aliens. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD let-
ters of support. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NUMBERS USA 
Arlington, VA, October 14, 2015. 
Hon. D AVID VITTER , 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATOR VITTER : As President of 
NumbersUSA, a non-partisan activist net-work of more than 3 million citizens, I am writing to express our support for the Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act. 
Following the murder of Kate Steinle, the 
American people became acutely aware that while many States and localities blatantly violate Federal law and release criminal aliens onto their streets, the Federal govern-ment does absolutely nothing to stop them. Kate’s death was far from the first instance of a murder by a criminal alien that could have been prevented, and more lives will be lost until Congress finally acts. We believe that this piece of legislation, S. 2146, is an appropriate and much needed first step. 
According to Immigration and Customs 
Enforcement (ICE), there are currently 340 ‘‘sanctuary jurisdictions’’ in the United States. Over a 9-month period last year, these jurisdictions released 9,295 aliens that ICE was seeking to deport. It is unconscion-able that Congress would continue to provide taxpayer money to these jurisdictions and subsidize their willful disregard of the law and public safety. 
The Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect 
Americans Act first restricts funding from the State Criminal Alien Assistance Pro-gram (SCAAP), from Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS), and from Commu-nity Development Block Grants (CDBG) for sanctuary jurisdictions. It reallocates those funds to jurisdictions that cooperate with ICE. The bill also requires the Department of Homeland Security (OHS) to publicly post a list of sanctuary jurisdictions online, includ-ing the number of ICE detainers ignored by each jurisdiction. These provisions would ap-propriately punish sanctuary jurisdictions, encourage further compliance with the law, reward those jurisdictions already in compli-ance, and ensure that the public knows where their local governments stand. 
Another critical element of this legislation 
is that it protects local officers while they carry out ICE detainers, clarifying that they are acting as agents of ICE with all of the necessary authority and protection from li-ability granted to a Federal law enforcement officer. No law enforcement officer should fear retribution for following the law. 
Finally, this bill increases the maximum 
penalties for aliens who illegally reenter the country following denial of admission, exclu-sion, deportation, or removal, and creates a mandatory minimum sentence for those who are convicted of an aggravated felony or two instances of illegal reentry, all of which would help protect the public from criminal aliens. 
NumbersUSA applauds your leadership on 
this issue and stands eager to assist you in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19OC6.013 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7296 October 19, 2015 
advancing the Stop Sanctuary Policies and 
Protect Americans Act. 
Sincerely, 
ROYBECK, 
President and Founder, NumbersUSA. 
FEDERATION FOR AMERICAN  
IMMIGRATION REFORM , 
October 19, 2015. 
Hon. D AVID VITTER , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATOR VITTER : I am writing to 
thank you for your efforts as a United States Senator to end ‘‘sanctuary cities’’—State and local jurisdictions with policies that ob-struct immigration enforcement and com-promise public safety. 
Your bill, the Stop Sanctuary Polices and 
Protect Americans Act (S. 2146), is a com-monsense measure that denies certain fed-eral grants to jurisdictions that obstruct ef-forts by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to identify and remove illegal aliens, in-cluding criminal aliens. Jurisdictions that interfere with immigration enforcement should not benefit from federal funds. Addi-tionally, your bill increases penalties for il-legal reentry and sends a message that we take the enforcement of the nation’s immi-gration laws seriously. 
The tragic death of Kate Steinle over the 
summer in the sanctuary city of San Fran-cisco illustrates the necessity of your bill. As you know, the suspect, Francisco San-chez, was in San Francisco law enforcement custody but was released him back onto the streets—ignoring an ICE detainer request in the process—because of the sanctuary policy. Ms. Steinle’s death was preventable and the public expects the U.S. Congress to hold these jurisdictions accountable. 
Tuesday’s vote on your bill is straight-
forward. A vote for S. 2146 shows that Sen-ators want to protect law-abiding citizens. A vote against S. 2146 means they want to pro-
tect criminal aliens—individuals who not only violate our immigration laws but our criminal laws as well. I trust that the Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act will enjoy broad bipartisan support. 
Sincerely, 
D
ANSTEIN, 
President. 
[From the Federation for American Immi-
gration Reform Press Release, Oct. 15, 2015] 
FAIR U RGES SENATE TOPASS THE STOP 
SANCTUARY POLICIES AND PROTECT AMERI-
CANS ACT(S. 2146) 
WASHINGTON , D.C.—The Federation for 
American Immigration Reform (FAIR) is urging the U.S. Senate to act swiftly to pass S. 2146, the Stop Sanctuary Policies and Pro-tect Americans Act. The bill would cutoff certain federal grants to jurisdictions that defy federal immigration laws and refuse to honor requests to detain illegal aliens who are sought by Immigration and Customs En-forcement (ICE). There are currently some 300 jurisdictions that harbor illegal aliens. 
‘‘Policies that protect people who are 
breaking U.S. immigration laws, including criminal aliens who have been arrested for other offenses, jeopardize the lives and safe-ty of Americans. They also violate federal law. It is essential that Congress act imme-diately to end these policies,’’ declared Dan Stein, president of FAIR. 
The House of Representatives already 
passed legislation in July to cut off federal funds to sanctuary jurisdictions. While the Senate has delayed action, Americans con-tinue to be victimized by state and local policies that result in deportable criminals being returned to our streets. 
S. 2146 would take concrete steps to rein in 
local jurisdictions that impede immigration enforcement. The bill: —Creates a uniform national definition of 
what constitutes a ‘‘sanctuary jurisdiction.’’ 
—Denies SCAAP, COPS and HUD grants to 
sanctuary jurisdictions and redirects those funds to compliant jurisdictions. 
—Increases penalties against illegal aliens 
who reenter the country after deportation. 
—Protects individuals who are victims of 
crimes, or who provide information to police. Such individuals cannot be asked about im-migration status or have their immigration status investigated. 
‘‘The Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect 
Americans Act is commonsense legislation designed to deter local government officials that actively shield illegal aliens from being removed from the United States,’’ Stein said. ‘‘Jurisdictions that thwart even the minimal immigration law enforcement being carried out by the Obama administration should not expect to be the beneficiaries of federal law enforcement grants. 
‘‘FAIR urges the Senate to act responsibly 
to protect the safety of the American public by approving S. 2146 and to work with the House to send a final bill to the president’s desk. If President Obama decides to veto the bill it is up to him to explain to the Amer-ican people why he is refusing to act against reckless policies that have resulted in need-less deaths of innocent citizens,’’ concluded Stein. 
ABOUT FAIR  
Founded in 1979, FAIR is the country’s 
largest immigration reform group. With more than 250,000 members nationwide, FAIR fights for immigration policies that serve national interests, not special interests. FAIR believes that immigration reform must enhance national security, improve the econ-omy, protect jobs, preserve our environment, and establish a rule of law that is recognized and enforced. 
[October 16, 2015] 
ANALYSIS OF SENATE ANTI-SANCTUARY BILL 
BILL SEEKS TO BRING SAFETY TO COMMUNITIES  
AND ENCOURAGE ENFORCEMENT OF FEDERAL  
LAW 
WASHINGTON , DC.—The Center for Immi-
gration Studies has published an analysis of Senate Bill 2146, the ‘‘Stop Sanctuary Poli-cies and Protect American Act’’ introduced by Senator David Vitter. This sanctuary leg-islation is designed to block state or local governments from enacting or continuing sanctuary laws or policies that protect aliens from the reach of federal immigration authorities, most especially with regard to aliens arrested and convicted for criminal of-fenses. 
Recent data reveals an estimated 1,000 
criminal aliens a month are being released due to sanctuary policies, making congres-sional action imperative. The bill seeks to incentivize state and local governments to cooperate with federal authorities by con-tinuing existing grants to those which ex-change information and comply with detain-ers; cutting federal funding to sanctuary governments which refuse to cooperate, that is then distributed to jurisdictions that do cooperate; and by providing immunity to of-ficers when engaging in cooperative efforts, including complying with detainers or pro-viding information. 
View the entire report at: http://cis.org/ 
Analysis-of-S2146–the-Stop-Sanctuary-Poli-cies-and-Protect-Americans-Act 
‘‘The Obama administration refuses to deal 
with the sanctuary problem, which has led to crimes such as the murder of Kate Steinle by a five-times-deported illegal-alien felon,’’ said Dan Cadman, a Center fellow and author of the report. ‘‘This bill addresses the sanc-tuary policies which result in thousands of criminal aliens being released into our com-
munities to reoffend. Unfortunately, it is not as comprehensive as the Davis-Oliver Act, which would deal with the sanctuary policies and the administration’s deliberate suppres-sion of enforcement.’’ 
OCTOBER 16, 2015. 
Re Support of ‘‘Stop Sanctuary Policies and 
Protect Americans Act’’ 
Hon. D AVID VITTER , 
Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HUCK GRASSLEY , 
Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ONJOHNSON , 
Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. T
EDCRUZ, 
Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, 
DC. 
Hon. P ATTOOMEY , 
Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, 
DC. 
DEARSENATORS : My name is Brian McCann 
and I testified at the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee on behalf of the McCann family and all Americans on July 21, 2015. You will re-call the tragic death of my brother Dennis was outlined in my remarks and official wit-ness document. I have read the measure you are sponsoring and I offer my complete sup-port. I have tried to amend the cruel and un-safe ordinance passed in Cook County with-out success due to the peculiar nature of Illi-nois and Cook County politics. I remain con-vinced that your approach to limit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions to include SCAAP, CDBG and COPS will be an effective lever to improve safety to these over 300 sanctuary 
jurisdictions. Moreover, your language rel-ative to Kate’s law also has our support. 
I will listen to the debates next Tuesday 
and will begin my day with a prayer for the thousands of family victims suffering daily because of these sanctuary jurisdictions. I remain ready and willing to help in these matters and please do not hesitate to call or write. 
Sincerely, 
B
RIAN MCCANN. 
DONALD ROSENBERG , 
Westlake Village, CA, October 15, 2015. 
Subject: Support of ‘‘Stop Sanctuary Poli-
cies and Protect Americans Act’’ 
Hon. D AVID VITTER , 
Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HUCK GRASSLEY , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Hart 
Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. 
Hon. R ONJOHNSON , 
Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. T
EDCRUZ, 
Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, 
DC. 
Hon. P ATTOOMEY , 
Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, 
DC. 
DEARSENATORS : On behalf of my son killed 
by an illegal alien in San Francisco almost 5 years ago I want to thank you for intro-ducing and advancing the Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act. This legislation that will address the reentry of illegal aliens, restrict federal funding of cit-ies that operate as ‘‘sanctuary cities’’, and also support and protect our law enforce-ment officers is long overdue. 
Quite frankly it is hard to believe that in 
a nation founded on the rule of law this leg-islation is even necessary. Since my son’s death at least 25,000 people have been killed by illegal aliens. Many have been killed by illegal aliens who have been deported mul-tiple times. Many have been killed by illegal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:25 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19OC6.014 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7297 October 19, 2015 
aliens who are actually living and being pro-
tected by sanctuary cities. 
There are over 135,000 convicted illegal 
alien criminals currently roaming our streets. That number is growing by 1,000 every week as so many of our cities are re-fusing to honor detainers resulting in con-victed illegal alien felons first to be released into the general population and then being protected by sanctuary cities. How many more Americans have to die before our ‘‘leaders’’ put the safety of our citizens above votes and cheap labor? 
Nothing I can do will bring my son back to 
life. But I ask you to do all that is possible to make sure no other American family has to suffer the real separation of families and the never ending nightmare of losing a loved one, I wonder every day why our government has betrayed us and cares more about illegal aliens than law abiding American citizens. 
Sincerely, 
D
ONROSENBERG , 
Victim. 
OCTOBER 16, 2015 . 
Subject: Support of ‘‘Stop Sanctuary Cities 
and Protect Americans Act’’ 
Hon. D AVID VITTER , 
Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HUCK GRASSLEY , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ONJOHNSON , 
Hart Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. T
EDCRUZ, 
Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, 
DC. 
Hon. P ATTOOMEY , 
Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, 
DC. 
DEAR SENATORS : On Behalf of the 
Ronnebeck Family, in memory of our be-loved family member Grant Ronnebeck, I thank you for introducing and advancing the Stop Sanctuary Cities and Protect Ameri-cans Act. We support this legislation that will address the reentry of illegal aliens, re-strict federal funding of cities that operate as ‘‘Sanctuary Cities’’, and that also sup-ports and protects our law enforcement offi-cers. 
You might remember my testimony before 
the Judicial Committee in July 2015, relating how my nephew Grant was killed. He was working at his job when an illegal alien shot him in the face, killing him, seemingly doing nothing more than counting his change too slowly. You also heard the compelling sto-ries of Susan Oliver, Jim Steinle, Laura Wilkerson, and Dennis McCann. We have all lost family members due to illegal aliens. 
Unfortunately, since that hearing, several 
more Americans have been murdered at the hands of illegal aliens drawn to sanctuary cities. Those include Margaret Kostelnik of Lake County Ohio, and Marilyn Pharias of Santa Maria, California. In fact, the Govern-ment Accountability Office data shows that illegal aliens are committing murders of Americans at the rate of over 5000 per year. Sanctuary cities can only create an incen-tive for illegal aliens to enter our Country, and stay with impunity from deportation. The Stop Sanctuary Cities and Protect Americans Act will help save American Lives, and send a message to all Americans that we are your priority. 
I ask each of you to do everything in your 
power to pass this important legislation, for Grant, Kate, Josh, Brian, Margaret, Maria, and the thousands of others who have lost their lives due to this issue. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL RONNEBECK . 
SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCOMMITTEE MEMBERS : The legislation 
addressing sanctuary cities and Kate’s law are of paramount interest to me because I 
am a widow of a law enforcement officer killed by an illegal immigrant previously de-ported several times for other felonious acts. This issue has directly affected my life and the lives of my children. 
I am primarily concerned about violent il-
legal immigrants being allowed to return to our country with little consequence. Every single day, law officers are forced to release criminal aliens who pose a threat to commu-nity safety—in violation of current laws that require deportation. Additionally ICE re-leased back onto the streets 76,000 convicted criminal aliens in the last few years. Cur-rently there are over 150,000 criminal aliens at large in the United States who have criminal convictions and were formally and lawfully ordered to be deported. The Admin-istration’s tolerance of sanctuary cities has also resulted in more arrested aliens being released by local law agencies. And, more than 120 of the criminal aliens who’ve been ordered deported in the last few years were released by ICE have now been charged with additional homicide offenses. The man that killed my husband, Deputy Danny Oliver, was deported several times for various felo-nies. However, due to the lack of coordina-tion between law enforcement agencies, his killer was allowed back into this country. 
I have read reports of various positions on 
these matters, and I realize that not all fully support the changes. Therefore, I am asking for only one thing. I do not want your sym-pathy, I want change so others will not have to endure the grief we have in our lives every day. 
Thank you for your consideration of my 
viewpoint on this matter. I believe it is an important issue, and would like to see the legislation passed to ensure felons are not al-lowed to continue to commit serious felonies such as homicide. 
Sincerely, 
S
USAN T. O LIVER , 
Widow of Deputy Danny P. Oliver. 
OCTOBER 18, 2015. 
Re Support of ‘‘Stop Sanctuary Policies and 
Protect Americans Act’’ 
Hon. D AVID VITTER , 
Washington, DC. Hon. C
HUCK GRASSLEY , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ONJOHNSON , 
Washington, DC. Hon. T
EDCRUZ, 
Washington, DC. Hon. P
ATTOOMEY , 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATORS : On behalf on Joshua 
Wilkerson, I want to send my support of ‘‘Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Amer-icans Act. 
On November 16th, 2010, Joshua was bru-
tally murdered and then his body was set on Fire. Per the Medical Examiner it was tor-ture. He was murdered by an Illegal Alien, Hermilo Moralez, brought to this country by his Illegal Alien Parents, when he was 10 years old. He came to America from Belize. Our Family has been crushed, overwhelmed, lost, and irretrievably broken. As a mother I assure you there is nothing like the pain of what I have been through. 
This is just ‘‘my’’ story. There are so many 
families in every state in America that have suffered loss of life just as we have. Sanc-tuary City Policies invite the criminal ele-ment of Illegals to that City. 
I want to say Thank you for bringing this 
key legislation, that will be beneficial to all American Families. 
Sincerely, 
L
AURA WILKERSON . 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, in clos-
ing, I refuse to simply stand by and re-ward jurisdictions around the country 
with Federal funding, with taxpayer funds, when they are in clear violation of the law and are actively making our communities more dangerous rather than safer. I have offered similar versions of this legislation many times in the past. We cannot wait any longer to tackle this problem head-on. 
While President Obama continues to 
let the world know he will not be en-forcing the current immigration laws or taking action against these jurisdic-tions, we here in Congress have an ab-solute duty to act otherwise. I believe this legislation will absolutely benefit all Americans by keeping us safe here at home. I strongly urge all of our col-leagues to support it in votes tomorrow on the Senate floor. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, to-
morrow we are going to be voting on a very important bill. We will have the opportunity to vote to proceed to a bill that deals with sanctuary cities and immigration policies that are a serious threat to the public safety. We will move to take up the Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act—a bill that should put an end to sanc-tuary jurisdictions, give law enforce-ment important tools they need to de-tain criminals, and increase penalties for dangerous and repeat offenders of our immigration laws. 
Some of these sanctuary policies are 
created when a local government unit, such as a city or county executive body, passes an ordinance prohibiting their officers from communicating with Federal immigration and law en-forcement officials. Now, there is an-other way: Some sanctuary policies come about simply because local law enforcement initiates its own policies of providing safe harbor for undocu-mented immigrants. And then another way: Some sanctuary policies develop because law enforcement officers are afraid they will be sued if they enforce immigration laws and detain an indi-vidual for their unlawful immigration status. 
In summation, these policies and 
practices have allowed thousands of 
dangerous criminals to be released back into the community, and the ef-fects have been disastrous. I am going to speak about those effects. America saw these policies play out in July when Kate Steinle was innocently killed while walking along a San Fran-cisco pier with her father. The mur-derer, who was illegally in the country and actually deported five times prior 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19OC6.018 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7298 October 19, 2015 
to that day, was released into the com-
munity by a sanctuary jurisdiction that did not honor the detainer issued by Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment. The suspect in Kate’s death ad-mitted he was in San Francisco be-cause of its sanctuary policies. That sums up the problem our bill addresses. 
Here is Kate—no longer with us—as 
one example. I have several other ex-amples because people tried to tell us you should not change policy based upon one murder. Maybe so, maybe not, but 5 years of statistics shows about 121 people killed by people that have been deported for criminal activi-ties in this country and then come back in. I want to tell you what our bill does about that, but I want to first tell you about some examples. 
In July, our Senate Judiciary Com-
mittee held a hearing called ‘‘Over-sight of the Administration’s Mis-directed Immigration Enforcement Policies: Examining the Impact on Public Safety and Honoring the Vic-tims.’’ That is the committee’s hearing title. This hearing was an opportunity to hear the voices of Americans who have been impacted by these very inde-fensible policies while also conducting oversight of the administration’s poli-cies and tolerance toward sanctuary ju-risdictions. 
Jim Steinle, Kate’s father, expressed 
his family’s desire to see legislation enacted to take undocumented felons off our streets. The committee was very moved by his presence and testi-mony—obviously something that wasn’t very easy for him. He talked about how Kate ‘‘had a special soul, a kind and giving heart, the most con-tagious laugh, and a smile that would light up a room.’’ He told us how she died in his arms that day, despite her plea in her dying words of ‘‘Help me, Dad.’’ The suspect in Kate Steinle’s murder had seven prior felony convic-tions and had been deported five times. Yet he was shielded—protected, in other words—by San Francisco’s sanc-tuary policy. 
The Kate Steinle story is not a sin-
gular case. Too many Americans have lost their lives, and too many families have had to feel the real and dev-astating impact caused by sanctuary cities and lax enforcement policies. 
Our committee heard powerful testi-
mony from families other than Kate Steinle’s father. We heard from Mrs. Susan Oliver. She is the widow of Dep-uty Danny Oliver. This is the family. He was a police officer in Sacramento, CA. Danny was killed while on duty by an illegal immigrant who was pre-viously arrested on two separate occa-sions for drug-related charges and twice deported. Mrs. Oliver spoke of the daily loss she experiences without her husband in everything from raising her children to the milestones he will miss, including their daughter’s up-coming wedding. 
We also heard from Michael 
Ronnebeck, the uncle of Grant Ronnebeck. You are seeing Grant’s pic-ture here. Grant was a 21-year-old con-
venience store clerk who was gunned down earlier this year by an undocu-mented immigrant. The Obama admin-istration released Grant’s alleged mur-derer, who was in removal proceedings. Grant was born in my State of Iowa but resided in Arizona. He had two brothers and a sister. Mr. Ronnebeck expressed his family’s desire to see Grant’s legacy be a force for change, imploring us as lawmakers to ‘‘rise above political differences, to set aside personal interests, and to use your re-sources to make sensible immigration reform a reality in the coming months, with the safety and security of Amer-ican citizens first and foremost in mind.’’ Think of that tomorrow and think of the Ronnebeck family losing their son. They are asking us to keep the safety and security of American citizens first and foremost in our minds. 
We also heard from Brian McCann. 
Mr. McCann’s brother, Dennis McCann, was killed in 2011 by a drunk driver who was in the country illegally and driving without a license. U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement had placed a detainer on the drunk driver, but he was released under Cook Coun-ty, IL, sanctuary city policies. Mr. McCann expressed his anger at the sanctuary city policies of Cook County, which allowed his brother’s killer to be free, and at a system that failed to communicate with him and his family when the suspect was released by the locals. 
We also heard from Laura Wilkerson 
of Pearland, TX, the mother of Josh Wilkerson. Josh was 18 years old when he was murdered by his high school classmate, an undocumented immi-grant, after Josh offered him a ride home from school. Josh’s murderer was sentenced to life in prison and will be eligible for parole in 30 years. Mrs. Wilkerson spoke of the gentle soul of her son, the brutal torture that he en-dured, and actually watching an unapologetic 19-year-old brag about his killing skills during trial and talking about how things were done in his country. 
These stories are heartbreaking, but 
nothing has changed. I want to talk about what has happened since Kate’s murder. We have seen more fall victim to sanctuary jurisdiction policies. 
Shortly after Kate’s death, Marilyn 
Pharis was brutally raped, tortured, and murdered in her home in Santa Maria, CA, by an undocumented immi-grant who was released from custody because the county sheriff does not honor Federal enforcement detainers. 
A 2-year-old girl was brutally beaten 
by an undocumented immigrant in San Luis Obispo County, CA. He was re-leased from local custody despite a U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement detainer and an extensive criminal history, and he is still at large. 
Margaret Kostelnik was killed by an 
undocumented immigrant who alleg-edly attempted to rape a 14-year-old 
girl and shoot a woman in a nearby park. He was released because Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement re-fused to issue a detainer and take cus-tody of that suspect. 
These are a very few of the stories 
that could be told on this Senate floor. There are many more families who are hurting today because of lax immigra-tion policies and the lack of willing-ness by President Obama’s administra-tion to do something about sanctuary cities. 
But don’t take it from just me. Even 
the Secretary of Homeland Security acknowledges that sanctuary cities are ‘‘counterproductive to public safety.’’ He said these policies were ‘‘unaccept-able.’’ Yet this administration has not 
taken demonstrable action to address the unwillingness of sanctuary juris-dictions to work with Federal immi-gration authorities. More than 12,000 Federal detainer requests were ignored by State and local jurisdictions in 2014. 
Moreover, in June of this year, the 
administration rolled out a new pro-gram that reduces the enforcement pri-orities and announced it would not seek the custody of many criminals who are in the country illegally. This is called the Priority Enforcement Pro-gram, PEP for short. That program ac-tually gives sanctuary jurisdictions permission to continue ignoring Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement de-tainers. PEP even discourages compli-ant jurisdictions from further coopera-tion with Immigration and Customs Enforcement because it now only issues detainers for individuals who are already convicted of certain crimes deemed priorities by the Department of Homeland Security. 
Many local jurisdictions want to 
work with the Federal Government and protect their communities but are frus-trated when the administration refuses to work with them. Think of Arizona trying to protect its own citizens from the crimes committed by undocu-mented immigrants in that State. The State legislature passes laws. The ad-ministration goes to court and gets those laws declared contrary to the Constitution or our only immigration laws. Why? Because under the Con-stitution, one of the 18 powers of Con-gress happens to be the enforcement or the writing of the immigration laws so they are uniform. So when this admin-istration will not enforce immigration laws in Arizona, and Arizona decides under the Tenth Amendment, under the police powers of the State, to do it for the Federal Government, then it is wrong for that State to do it. But this administration will not take action against the sanctuary cities that are violating the same immigration laws. 
I want to continue with some exam-
ples where the administration refuses to work with local officials. Sheriff Cummings in Cape Cod, MA, recently explained his frustration with Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement when an immigrant who had over-stayed his visa was arrested for battery 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19OC6.016 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7299 October 19, 2015 
with a dangerous weapon and child por-
nography. Sheriff Cummings said that 
when he learned that this individual who had a long criminal history was in the country illegally, he asked Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement for a Federal immigration detainer ‘‘so that if someone came up with a bail we could then turn him over to ICE and we wouldn’t release him back into the community.’’ So then what happened? ICE—Immigration and Customs En-forcement—never issued the detainer. 
Sheriff Cummings noted that before 
PEP, immigration authorities would issue a detainer pretty quickly but not anymore. He commented: 
It just shows how they’ve relaxed their pol-
icy so there are more criminal illegal aliens in our communities right now. Those are the ones I’m concerned with. I’m concerned with the individuals that have committed crimes. They are here illegally to begin with and they’ve committed crimes while they’re here. To me it makes no sense to allow these people to stay in our communities. 
I very much agree. It makes no sense 
that people who do not belong here and commit crimes are allowed to return to our communities and cause further harm. 
Getting back to the bill we will be 
voting on tomorrow, the Stop Sanc-tuary Policies and Protect America Act addresses the problem of sanctuary jurisdictions in a very commonsense and balanced way. There seems to be consensus that sanctuary jurisdictions should be held accountable, and we do that with the power of the purse. And now I am beginning to explain our bill. 
This bill limits the availability of 
certain Federal grants to cities and States that have sanctuary policies. We limit funding through the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program. This is a grant program run by the De-partment of Justice that is designed to reimburse part of the cost incurred by local jurisdictions that detain undocu-mented criminal aliens. Sanctuary cit-ies receive these funds despite their re-fusal to detain suspects who are want-ed by immigration authorities. 
In this year alone, California re-
ceived a total of $44 million in these State Criminal Alien Assistance Pro-gram funds even though the State has a sanctuary law. New York City, a sanctuary city, received $11.6 million in taxpayer funding. To fund sanctuary cities with State Criminal Alien As-sistance Program money essentially subsidizes these jurisdictions for their lack of cooperation. 
As Former Assistant Secretary Mor-
ton stated in a letter to Cook County, a well-known sanctuary city, ‘‘It is fundamentally inconsistent for Cook County to request federal reimburse-ment for the cost of detaining aliens who commit or are charged with crimes while at the same time thwart-ing ICE’s efforts to remove those very same aliens from the United States.’’ 
The bill that will be before us tomor-
row morning when we vote responds to this hypocrisy by making sanctuary ju-risdictions ineligible for the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program. 
Another grant program limited to sanctuary jurisdictions is the commu-nity-oriented policing services or, as it is known around this town and locally, the COPS Program. These grant dollars help fund community-oriented policing programs for local law enforcement agencies. Our bill makes sanctuary ju-risdictions ineligible for these taxpayer dollars if they have a policy or practice in place despite the lack of any stat-ute, ordinance, or policy directive from their unit of local government. Finally, the bill limits taxpayer dollars through the community development block grant for sanctuary jurisdictions when a county, city, or State has in effect a statute that clearly defies information sharing as required by Federal law or has a statute that prohibits any gov-ernment official from complying with a detainer request issued by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. Those are the funding parts of our bill. 
In acknowledgement of the bill’s fair-
ness in targeting certain grants, the National Sheriffs’ Association writes: 
The grant penalties you would impose also 
acknowledge that our public safety entities should not be punished for the actions of a state or local subdivision over which they may not have control. I appreciate the care-ful consideration you clearly gave that issue. 
The second part of the bill deals with 
lawsuits that local law enforcement people might be faced with, so the sec-ond thing our bill does is provide pro-tection for law enforcement officers who do want to cooperate and comply with detainer requests from the Fed-eral Government. It would address the liability issue created by recent court decisions by providing liability protec-tion to local law enforcement who honor Immigration and Customs En-forcement detainers. 
The Federal Law Enforcement Offi-
cers Association explains in a letter of support for the bill: 
Unfortunately, at least four courts have 
ruled that local law enforcement officers may be sued for violating the Fourth Amend-ment if they comply with an immigration detainer, even if the detainer was lawfully issued and the detention would have been legal if carried out by DHS. This means that our local counterparts are exposed to poten-tial civil liability and it disables their abil-ity to detain dangerous criminals scheduled for release. The Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act solves this problem by explicitly stating that local law enforce-ment officers have legal authority to comply with immigration detainers. 
While preventing restrictive liability 
to law enforcement, the bill also en-sures the protection of civil liberties and the rights of individuals. The Fed-eral Law Enforcement Officers Associa-tion noted that ‘‘the bill protects civil liberties, ensuring that someone who has had their constitutional rights vio-lated may sue.’’ 
Finally, the bill addresses criminals 
attempting to reenter the United States and habitual offenders of our immigration laws. The bill creates a mandatory minimum sentence of 5 years for any alien who is an aggra-
vated felon or has been twice convicted of illegal reentry. Thanks to many peo-ple, including TV’s Bill O’Reilly, for keeping this issue constantly before the people of this country. This part of the bill—named by Bill O’Reilly and commonly referred to as Kate’s law— has become so important to many Americans. You can only imagine how important it is to the families of those who were killed by these murderers, the people whose pictures I had up here. This bill is very important to those families. Kate’s Law is necessary in order to take those who are dan-gerous to our communities and have no respect for our law off our streets. 
This bill has broad support from law 
enforcement groups. It also has the support of groups who want enforce-ment of our immigration laws. It has the support of the Remembrance Project, a group devoted to honoring and remembering Americans who have been killed by undocumented immi-grants. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that letters of support be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
THEREMEMBRANCE PROJECT , 
Houston, TX, October 14, 2015. 
Subject: Support of ‘‘Stop Sanctuary Poli-
cies and Protect Americans Act’’ 
Hon. D AVID VITTER , 
Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HUCK GRASSLEY , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ONJOHNSON , 
Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. T
EDCRUZ, 
Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ATTOOMEY , 
Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATORS : On behalf of Americans 
killed by illegal aliens, and their surviving families, I thank you for introducing and ad-vancing the Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act. We support this leg-islation that will address the reentry of ille-gal aliens, restrict federal funding of cities that operate as ‘‘sanctuary cities’’, and that also supports and protects our law enforce-ment officers. 
It is now known that approximately 1,000 
criminal illegal aliens are released back into our communities from our prisons each month, of which over 60% have ‘‘significant prior criminal histories . . .’’, most of which include serious felonies! Add this to the rampant crime perpetrated by other illegal aliens in our country, and we have a matter of national urgency. 
Violent illegal alien crimes resulting in 
the deaths of American citizens, are unlike other killings. In every case, Americans were killed by those persons who should never have been in our country. This legislation will send a powerful message that the safety of Americans is the priority. Most impor-tantly, this legislation will save American lives! 
I ask that each of you do all humanly pos-
sible to end these deliberate and unsafe com-munity law enforcement practices wherein 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19OC6.017 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7300 October 19, 2015 
the killings of Americans is not only enabled 
but is also well-known and documented. 
Sincerely, 
MARIA ESPINOZA , 
Co-founder and National Director. 
AMERICA FIRSTLATINOS , 
Houston, TX, October 16, 2015. 
Subject: Support of ‘‘Stop Sanctuary Poli-
cies and Protect Americans Act’’ 
Hon. D AVID VITTER , 
Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HUCK GRASSLEY , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ONJOHNSON , 
Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. T
EDCRUZ, 
Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ATTOOMEY , 
Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSENATORS : On behalf of Latino voices 
in America, I write this letter in support of legislation that will address the reentry of illegal aliens, restrict federal finds to cities that refuse to enforce laws that creates ‘‘sanctuary city policies’’, and that also sup-ports and protects law enforcement officers. 
America First Latinos are proud to be 
Americans and proud to live in this great country. We are activating nationwide to re-mind public servants that the safety and well-being of Americans must be the priority in America. Enforcing laws is not racist, in fact, it is offensive for anyone to think that Latinos approve of illegal immigration. Ille-gal immigration is wrong. Sanctuary city policies condone lawless behaviors and en-courages more of the same behaviors, which reaches deeper into our communities. 
Each day Americans are being killed and 
harmed by individuals who should not be in our country. It is up to you to stop this epi-demic of killings and crimes against the citi-zenry. I ask that each of you do all humanly possible to end these dangerous sanctuary practices. Americans must be the priority in America! 
Sincerely, 
P
EDRO RIVERA , 
Texas State Coordinator. 
NATIONAL SHERIFFS ’ ASSOCIATION , 
Alexandria, VA, October 6, 2015. 
Hon. D AVID VITTER , 
U.S. Senate, Hart Senate Office Building, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. C HUCK GRASSLEY , 
U.S. Senate, Hart Senate Office Building, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. R ONJOHNSON , 
U.S. Senate, Hart Senate Office Building, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. P ATRICK TOOMEY , 
U.S. Senate, Russell Senate Office Building, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. T EDCRUZ, 
U.S. Senate, Russell Senate Office Building, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATOR VITTER , SENATOR TOOMEY , 
SENATOR GRASSLEY , SENATOR CRUZ, ANDSEN-
ATOR JOHNSON : On behalf of the National 
Sheriffs’ Association and the more than 3,000 sheriffs nationwide, I write today in support of legislation you intend to introduce, the ‘‘Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Amer-ican Act.’’ This bill takes an important step in clarifying the definition of sanctuary ju-risdictions while also offering additional pro-tections for state and local officers. 
As you all know, state and local law en-
forcement agencies are critical partners in immigration and border security efforts all 
across this country. For too long, however, those officers had little to no liability pro-tections when lawfully enforcing Federal im-migration detainers on behalf of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. Your bill takes the important step of clarifying those pro-tections so that deputies acting within the bounds of the law will not be held personally liability in future court actions. The grant penalties you would impose also acknowl-edge that our public safety entities should not be punished for the actions of a state or local subdivision over which they may not have control. I appreciate the careful consid-eration you clearly gave that issue. 
On behalf of the National Sheriffs’ Associa-
tion, I applaud your efforts on this impor-
tant issue and look forward to working with you on passage. If the National Sheriffs’ As-sociation can be of assistance this or any other issue, please don’t hesitate to contact me. 
Sincerely, 
Jonathan F. Thompson. 
FEDERAL LAWENFORCEMENT  
OFFICERS ASSOCIATION , 
Washington, DC, October 6, 2015. 
Hon. D AVID VITTER , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HUCK GRASSLEY , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ONJOHNSON , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ATTOOMEY , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. T
EDCRUZ, 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATORS VITTER , TOOMEY , GRASS -
LEY, CRUZ, AND JOHNSON : On behalf of the 
Federal Law Enforcement Officers Associa-tion (FLEOA), I thank you for introducing the Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act, which will empower federal and local law enforcement officers’ coopera-tive efforts to better protect our commu-nities and our citizenry. Your proposal will ensure we do not dishonor the memory of Kate Steinle and the immeasurable grief her family is enduring. It is critically important that all our law enforcement assets are syn-chronized in pursuing our shared responsi-bility of policing violent illegal aliens. 
Federal law enforcement officers rely on 
their state and local counterparts to assist in keeping America’s borders secure and keeping criminal illegal immigrants off of the streets. It’s one team, one fight, as we all took the same sacred oath to protect and de-fend the Constitution and the American citi-zenry. We’ve been relying upon immigration detainers—requests from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) for local law en-forcement to hold an illegal immigrant tem-porarily, to give federal law enforcement an opportunity to take the individual into cus-tody. 
Unfortunately, at least four courts have 
ruled that local law enforcement officers may be sued for violating the Fourth Amend-ment if they comply with an immigration detainer, even if the detainer was lawfully issued and the detention would have been legal if carried out by DHS. This means that our local counterparts are exposed to poten-tial civil liability and it disables their abil-ity to detain dangerous criminals scheduled for release. The Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act solves this problem by explicitly stating that local law enforce-ment officers have legal authority to comply with immigration detainers. The bill pro-tects civil liberties, ensuring that someone who has had their constitutional rights vio-lated may sue. 
The Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect 
Americans Act takes crucial steps to elimi-nating sanctuary jurisdictions, which serve 
to shelter illegal aliens while posing real threats to the American people. We must re-assess our priorities and remain committed to the unwavering premise of the safety of the American citizenry is our top priority. The proper response to Kate’s tragic death is not to point fingers at each other. Ms. Steinle was killed in San Francisco by an il-legal immigrant who had previously been de-ported from the United States five times, and had been convicted of seven felonies. The shooter chose to live in San Francisco be-cause he knew it was a sanctuary city that would shield him from federal immigration law. Tragically, his ‘‘sanctuary’’ gambit proved fatal for the Steinle family. Federal officials requested that San Francisco detain the shooter until immigration authorities could pick him up, but San Francisco offi-cials refused to cooperate and released San-chez three months before Kate’s murder. We owe it to Kate and the American citizenry to fix this critical community safety issue now. 
We commend you for preserving flexibility 
for law enforcement, so that victims of crime and witnesses to crime who are in the U.S. illegally may come forward and cooper-ate with police. FLEOA especially recognizes and appreciates Senator Toomey’s leadership and unwavering support for all law enforce-ment officers. Both Senator Toomey and Vit-ter understand that in America, the safety of Americans comes first! 
FLEOA strongly supports the Stop Sanc-
tuary Policies and Protect Americans Act, and we look forward to working with your offices to have this important legislation en-acted into law. 
Respectfully yours, 
J
ONADLER , 
FLEOA National President. 
INTERNATIONAL UNION OF POLICE  
ASSOCIATIONS AFL–CIO, 
October 8, 2015. 
Hon. P ATRICK TOOMEY , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSENATOR TOOMEY : The International 
Union of Police Associations is proud to add our name to the list of supporters of the bill addressing ‘‘Sanctuary Cities’’ titled Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act. As it now stands, our officers can be held liable for sharing relevant information and honoring immigration detainers, even when they are from federal immigration offi-cials. This legislation remedies that. 
Additionally, the bill provides a financial 
disincentive for cities to become or remain ‘‘sanctuary cities’’ by removing State Crimi-nal Alien Assistance Program Funds which were originally designated to provide finan-cial assistance to those counties and cities housing unlawful entrants. It also restricts Community Block Grants. COPS grants are restricted only if the law enforcement agen-cy is the source of, and has the power to change sanctuary city policy. It makes sense to us that a political entity cannot expect finding from the federal government when that city or county has made a decision to ignore federal laws involving the very issues for which these funds were prescribed. 
Finally, this legislation will provide a five 
year mandatory minimum sentence for those illegal aliens who have aggravated felony convictions and at least two prior convic-tions for unlawful reentry. It is long past time to end the revolving door of criminal aliens, who, even though convicted of felony criminal activity and deported, unlawfully return to prey upon our citizens. 
We both thank and applaud you for this 
thoughtful and timely piece of legislation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19OC6.023 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7301 October 19, 2015 
and we look forward to working with you 
and your staff to see it signed into law. 
Very Respectfully, 
SAMA. C ABRAL , 
International President. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  
POLICE ORGANIZATIONS , INC., 
Alexandria, Virginia, October 7, 2015. 
Senator D AVID VITTER , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Chairman C
HUCK GRASSLEY , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Senator R
ONJOHNSON , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Senator P
ATTOOMEY , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Senator T
EDCRUZ, 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATORS VITTER , TOOMEY , GRASS -
LEY, CRUZ, ANDJOHNSON : On behalf of the Na-
tional Association of Police Organizations (NAPO), I am writing to you to express our support for the Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act, which will enable federal and local law enforcement officers to work together to protect our communities. 
NAPO is a coalition of police unions and 
associations from across the United States that serves to advance the interests of Amer-ica’s law enforcement through legislative and legal advocacy, political action, and edu-cation. Founded in 1978, NAPO now rep-resents more than 1,000 police units and asso-ciations, 241,000 sworn law enforcement offi-cers, and more than 100,000 citizens who share a common dedication to fair and effec-tive crime control and law enforcement. 
The system relies on local law enforcement 
complying with immigration detainers—re-quests from the Department of Homeland Se-curity (DHS) for local law enforcement to hold an illegal immigrant temporarily, to give federal law enforcement an opportunity to take the individual into custody. 
Unfortunately, several courts have ruled 
that local law enforcement officers may be sued for violating the Fourth Amendment if they comply with an immigration detainer, even if the detainer was lawfully issued and the detention would have been legal if car-ried out by DHS. This means that dangerous criminals cannot be held and must be re-leased. The Stop Sanctuary Policies ad Pro-tect Americans Act solves this problem by explicitly stating that local law enforcement officers have legal authority to comply with immigration detainers. The bill also protects civil liberties, ensuring that someone who has had their constitutional rights violated may sue. 
Furthermore, the Stop Sanctuary Policies 
and Protect Americans Act takes crucial steps to eliminating sanctuary jurisdictions, which pose real threats to the American peo-ple, and increases penalties for criminals who re-enter the United States illegally, pro-viding federal, state and local law enforce-ment vital tools to help keep our commu-nities safe. 
NAPO also commends you for preserving 
flexibility for law enforcement, so that vic-tims of crime and witnesses to crime who are in the U.S. illegally may come forward and cooperate with police. 
We look forward to working with your of-
fices to pass this important legislation. If we can provide any assistance, please feel free to contact me. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLIAM J. JOHNSON , 
Executive Director. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Some on the other 
side of the aisle are criticizing us for politicizing these recent attacks by criminal aliens and releases by sanc-tuary jurisdictions. We are being ac-cused of attacking immigrants. How-
ever, I just want to note that the Democrats take no shame in politi-cizing the recent gun violence and pro-moting legislation that would not have stopped some of the shootings, from Newtown, CT, to Roseburg, OR. 
This is not a partisan issue. This bill 
protects law-abiding people and im-proves our public safety. Had it been enacted before July 1, individuals like Kate Steinle might still be with us. 
I would think we should all be able to 
agree that people who are in the coun-try illegally and committing crimes should not be released back into the community. There has to be account-ability and a commitment to uphold the rule of law. For too long we sat by while sanctuary jurisdictions released dangerous criminals into the commu-nity to harm our citizens. It is finally time that we put an end to it, and to-morrow we will have that opportunity. It is time we work toward protecting our communities rather than continue to put them in danger. 
I hope all of my colleagues will sup-
port this bill and vote to proceed to it tomorrow. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
STOP SANCTUARY CITIES POLI-
CIES AND PROTECT AMERICANS ACT 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, for the 
first time in more than 2 years, the Senate is turning its attention to an issue related to our broken immigra-tion system. But in stark contrast to the comprehensive, hopeful legislation last reported by the Senate Judiciary Committee, the majority is simply scheduling a show vote today on a divi-sive, partisan proposal that has not even been considered in the Judiciary Committee. What a difference a change in leadership makes. 
There are few topics more funda-
mental to who we are as a Nation than immigration. A consistent thread through our history is the arrival of new people to this country seeking a better life. Immigration has been an ongoing source of renewal for Amer-ica—a renewal of our spirit, our cre-ativity, and our economic strength. 
Two years ago, the Senate reaffirmed 
its commitment to these ideals when we approved S. 744, the Border Secu-rity, Economic Opportunity, and Immi-gration Modernization Act. That legis-lation, which was supported by 68 Sen-ators from both parties, would have meaningfully improved our great coun-try by making our communities safer, strengthening our economy, improving border security, and keeping families together. It was a remarkable, bipar-tisan effort that was made better through the extensive amendment process in the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee. It was an example of all that we can accomplish when we actually focus on the hard job of legislating. 
The bill we are considering today 
could not be more different. This legis-lation is not bipartisan. It does not re-
flect a desire to meaningfully improve what we all agree is a broken immigra-tion system. Instead, this bill is, as the New York Times editorialized on Sat-urday, ‘‘a class-action slander against an immigrant population that has been scapegoated for the crimes of a few, and left stranded by the failure of leg-islative reform that would open a path for them to live fully within the law.’’ 
Those who support this bill point to a 
tragedy that captured our attention this summer. Any time an innocent person is killed, we have an obligation to understand what happened and try to prevent similar tragedies in the fu-ture. We all feel that way about the senseless and terribly cruel death of Kate Steinle. Her death was avoidable. Our system failed, period. And it is heart-wrenching that such a beautiful, young life was taken by a man who should never have been free on our streets. 
We are motivated to do something in 
the wake of her death. Just as we are motivated to act in the wake of the senseless killings of nine men and women attending a Bible study class in Charleston, SC. Or the nine innocent people brutally murdered at an Oregon community college. These are mo-ments that demand leadership. We should roll up our sleeves and start to address the problems that led us here. We should address gun violence and the criminals who threaten our safety in-stead of characterizing entire immi-grant communities as criminals. 
Unfortunately, it does not appear 
that we will be given that chance. Rather than marking this legislation up in Committee with input and amendments from both sides, the bill before us was yanked off of the Judici-ary Committee agenda once the major-ity leader decided to bring it straight to the floor. Others can speculate about what motivated the timing of to-day’s vote. What we know for sure is that this action goes against precisely what the majority leader promised last year when he said that ‘‘[b]ills should go through Committee. And if Repub-licans are fortunate enough to gain the majority next year, they would.’’ It is disappointing that he has broken his promise on legislation of such impor-tance. 
If this bill were to become law, it 
would create two new mandatory mini-mums and cost us millions of dollars that we do not have. This would deny funding for critical services in local communities and do nothing to fix the broken immigration system we have today. At a time when the Judiciary Committee is engaged in a thoughtful, bipartisan effort to reform our crimi-nal justice system and save taxpayers money in the process, it makes no sense to forgo that process for consid-ering this immigration bill. 
If we are really trying to make our 
communities safer, we should listen to the police officers and law enforcement officials who dedicate their lives to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19OC6.019 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7302 October 19, 2015 
that very mission. We should listen to 
domestic violence advocates who say the approach in this partisan bill will have a dangerous effect on the lives of women and children at risk. They are telling us this bill will make our com-munities less safe. It will undermine the trust and cooperation between po-lice officers and immigrant commu-nities. It will damage efforts to prevent crime and weaken their ability to ap-prehend those who prey on the public. That is why the National Fraternal Order of Police is opposed to policies that would be implemented by this bill. It is why the National Taskforce to End Sexual and Domestic Violence Against Women opposes this bill. It is why the U.S. Conference of Mayors op-poses this bill. 
I ask unanimous consent that letters 
from the National Fraternal Order of Police and the National Taskforce to End Sexual and Domestic Violence Against Women be printed in the R
ECORD . 
I agree with Senator H ELLER , who 
noted: ‘‘For two years we haven’t had a discussion and so all the sudden we’re going to bring up an immigration issue and not talk about the bigger issue.’’ The problems plaguing our immigra-tion system demand that we respond 
thoughtfully and responsibly. We can do better. We owe it to the American public to do better. I urge Senators to vote against cloture on this partisan bill that will not make us safer. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NATIONAL FRATERNAL  
ORDER OF POLICE , 
Washington, DC, July 15, 2015. 
Hon. M ITCH MCCONNELL , 
Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. H
ARRY M. R EID, 
Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. J
OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. N ANCY P. P ELOSI , 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATOR MCCONNELL , MR. SPEAKER , 
SENATOR REID AND REPRESENTATIVE PELOSI : I 
am writing on behalf of the members of the Fraternal Order of Police to advise you of our strong opposition to any amendment or piece of legislation that would penalize law enforcement agencies by withholding Fed-eral funding or resources from law enforce-ment assistance programs in an effort to co-erce a policy change in so-called ‘‘sanctuary cities.’’ This is not meant to be construed as a position on ‘‘sanctuary cities,’’ but rather on the use of Federal programs as an en-forcement mechanism. 
Local police departments answer to local 
civilian government and it is the local gov-ernment which enacts statutes and ordi-nances in their communities. Law enforce-ment officers have no more say in these mat-ters than any other citizen and, with laws like the Hatch Act in place, it can be argued they have less. Law enforcement officers do not get to pick and choose which laws to en-force and must carry out lawful orders at the direction of their commanders and the civil-ian government that employs them. It is wrong and a gross unfairness to punish these brave men and women, or the citizens they 
serve, because Congress disagrees with their enforcement priorities with respect to our nation’s immigration laws. 
The FOP believes very strongly that local 
police departments should at all times en-deavor to cooperate with their Federal law enforcement colleagues but they also must follow the laws and policies of the govern-
ment that employs them. It is critical to public safety and national security that local, State, Federal and tribal law enforce-ment work together and rely on the exper-tise and resources that each agency brings to the mission. This cannot be achieved if the Federal government is reducing the re-sources available to local law enforcement nor will it aid in cooperative efforts to ad-dress threats to public safety. 
For these reasons, the FOP will vigorously 
oppose any amendment, bill or other legisla-tive effort which would reduce or withhold funding or resources from any Federal pro-gram for local and State law enforcement. If Congress wishes to effect policy changes in these cities, it must find another way to do so. 
On behalf of the more than 330,000 members 
of the Fraternal Order of Police, I want to thank you for your consideration of our view on this issue. Please feel free to contact me or Executive Director Jim Pasco in my Washington office if I can be of any further assistance. 
Sincerely, 
C
HUCK CANTERBURY , 
National President. 
NATIONAL TASKFORCE TOENDSEX-
UAL AND DOMESTIC VIOLENCE  
AGAINST WOMEN , 
October 14, 2015. 
DEARSENATOR : As the Steering Committee 
of the National Taskforce to End Sexual and Domestic Violence (NTF), comprising na-tional leadership organizations advocating on behalf of sexual and domestic violence victims and women’s rights, we represent hundreds of organizations across the country dedicated to ensuring all survivors of vio-lence receive the protections they deserve. For this reason, we write to express our deep concerns about the impact that S. 2146, the ‘‘Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Amer-icans Act,’’ will have on communities with ‘‘sanctuary’’ policies. Such legislation will be dangerous for all victims of sexual as-sault, domestic violence, and trafficking, and in particular, for immigrant victims, and communities at large. 
S. 2146 undermines policies that local juris-
dictions have determined are Constitu-tionally sound and appropriate for their re-spective communities, and it decreases the ability of law enforcement agencies to re-spond to violent crimes and assist all victims of crime, U.S. Citizens, and immigrants alike. As recognized in the bipartisan Vio-lence Against Women Act (VAWA), law en-forcement plays a critical role in our coordi-nated community response to domestic and sexual violence. Law enforcement funds sup-port critical training, equipment, and agency staffing that assists domestic and sexual vio-lence victims. Provisions in S. 2146 that re-duce funding for law enforcement agencies will allow violent crimes to go uninvestigated and leave victims without re-dress. 
In addition, provisions in S. 2146 seek to re-
duce Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funds to communities with ‘‘sanc-tuary’’ policies, which will harm commu-nities by reducing access to critical housing and community services that are accessed by all victims, including both U.S. Citizens and immigrants. 
Community trust policies are critical tools 
for increasing community safety. We re-cently celebrated the twenty-first anniver-
sary of VAWA, which has, since it was first enacted, included critical protections for im-migrant victims of domestic and sexual vio-lence. Laws that seek to intertwine the im-migration and law enforcement systems will undermine the Congressional purpose of pro-tections enacted under VAWA and will have the chilling effect of pushing immigrant vic-tims into the shadows and allow criminals to walk on our streets. As VAWA recognizes, immigrant victims of violent crimes often do not contact law enforcement due to fear that they will be deported. According to a study conducted by the National Domestic Vio-lence Hotline and the National Latin@ Net-work: Casa de Esperanza, 45% of the foreign- born callers expressed fear of calling and/or seeking help from the police or courts. Fur-thermore, 12% of US-Born callers expressed fear of seeking help due to the current wave of anti-immigrant policies. Immigrants are already afraid of contacting the police and these policies will only exacerbate this fear. 
Perpetrators use fear of deportation as 
abuse. Local policies that minimize inter-twining of local law enforcement with ICE help bring the most vulnerable victims out of the shadows by creating trust between law enforcement and the immigrant community, which in turn help protect entire commu-nities. Abusers and traffickers use the fear of deportation of their victims as a tool to si-lence and trap them. Not only are the indi-vidual victims harmed, but their fear of law enforcement leads many to abstain from re-porting violent perpetrators or coming for-ward, and, as a result, dangerous criminals are not identified and go unpunished. These criminals remain on the streets and continue to be a danger to our communities. 
S. 2146’s harsh criminal penalties will harm 
victims of trafficking, sexual assault, and domestic violence. Immigrant victims are vulnerable to being arrested and prosecuted for crimes directly connected to their vic-timization. For example, victims of domestic violence are arrested and convicted of do-mestic violence related crimes, even when they are not the primary perpetrator of vio-lence in the relationship, due to language and cultural barriers. In addition, victims of sex trafficking are often arrested and con-victed of prostitution-related offenses. Often, victims are desperate to be released, and in some cases, reunited with their children upon arrest and/or during trial. These fac-tors—combined with poor legal counsel, par-ticularly about the immigration con-sequences of criminal pleas and convic-tions—have in the past and will likely con-tinue to lead to the deportation of wrongly accused victims who may have pled to or been unfairly convicted of domestic violence charges. 
For these reasons, we urge you to affirm 
the intent and spirit of VAWA and oppose S. 2146 and other similar legislative proposals that may be introduced. Thank you very much for taking this important step to pro-tect and support immigrant survivors of do-mestic violence, trafficking, and sexual as-sault. 
For more information, please contact 
Grace Huang, Washington State Coalition Against Domestic Violence or Andrea Carcamo, National Latin@ Network: Casa de Esperanza. 
Sincerely, 
T
HENATIONAL TASKFORCE  
TOENDSEXUAL AND  
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE . 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19OC6.002 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7303 October 19, 2015 
proceed to a period of morning busi-
ness, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO TOM BRENNAN 
∑Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to honor Tom Brennan—a long- time reporter and editor at my home-town paper, the Mansfield News Jour-nal. This week, Tom will retire from the News Journal after a 43-year career in journalism. 
Tom and I are both natives of Rich-
land County, OH. He has been with the News Journal since 1972 in various roles, so we have known each other for pretty much our entire careers. 
I have always had a bit of a soft spot 
for journalists—after all, I married one. 
And as with any journalist, Tom and 
I haven’t always seen eye-to-eye on every issue, but I have always re-spected his integrity and the important service he provides to the Mansfield community. 
He has always been fair and civic 
minded and has taken seriously one of his most important jobs: holding politi-cians like me accountable. 
Through his leadership in the news-
room, Tom has not only demonstrated a deep passion for serving our commu-nity, he has also been a coach and men-tor to so many men and women who have worked at the News Journal for the last 40 years. He has helped them to become accomplished writers and re-porters and has helped ensure that the News Journal will continue his legacy of thoughtful, quality journalism. 
Over the past four decades, Tom has 
faced a changing news industry, and he has always responded with the best in-terest of his writers and the commu-nity in mind. The evolution of this business has put too many local papers out of business. 
But Tom and his team have been able 
to keep the News Journal in print, while reaching new audiences online, and that is a great accomplishment. 
Tom’s impressive career in jour-
nalism isn’t the only way he has served the Mansfield community. He has been active in many local organizations, in-cluding the Mansfield Children’s The-ater Foundation, the local chamber of commerce, the Richland County Eco-nomic Development Corporation, the North Central State College Founda-tion, and the Mansfield Military Af-fairs Committee. 
While he will be missed by many, I 
have little doubt that the end of his ca-reer will not be the end of his commu-nity engagement. 
I join his readers and newsroom staff 
in wishing him the best for a fulfilling retirement worthy of his honorable ca-reer. ∑ REMEMBERING LEON GORMAN 
∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today we 
solemnly remember a dear friend of Maine, the late Leon Gorman. Leon was president of L.L. Bean and a com-mitted environmentalist, but more than that, he was a wonderful man and gifted leader. On September 3, 2015, Leon passed away at the age of 80. Throughout his life, he devoted endless attention and time to the betterment of Maine, and he will be greatly missed. 
Leon graduated cum laude from 
Bowdoin College before serving in the Navy for 3 years. When he stepped in to fill his grandfather’s shoes as president of L.L. Bean in 1967, Leon took the company from a $4.75 million corpora-tion to $1 billion global label. In his memoir, Leon writes that his proudest accomplishment was growing his grandfather’s company from less than 100 workers into one that has employed tens of thousands of Mainers over sev-eral decades. Even with this impressive growth, Leon remained committed to the company’s values and stayed true to the traditions and spirit of the State he loved. He was a true man of Maine in every way. 
Leon was an extremely successful 
businessman, but also an active philan-thropist. He donated generously to the National Park Foundation and the Ap-palachian Trail Conservancy, as well as to numerous other environmental groups and State parks. He was also a very active Bowdoin alumnus, giving generously to the college and serving as both an overseer and trustee. 
During his time as chairman of L.L. 
Bean, Leon focused the company’s charitable giving program on outdoor recreation and conservation. Not only did Leon personally donate to environ-mental groups, but under his leader-ship, L.L. Bean, Inc., has contributed millions to conservation groups and has provided funding for education, health and human services, and the arts throughout Maine. Leon will be fondly remembered for his unmatched generosity of heart, unwavering com-mitment to the people of our State, and his deep and abiding love for all that is Maine. 
Through his tireless efforts, Leon af-
fected countless lives and contributed greatly to the betterment of Maine. He will be remembered for his firm devo-tion to protecting and enjoying nature and his dedication to the communities of our State. The State of Maine has lost a man of true integrity, and he will be greatly missed. I would like to join the people of Maine in remem-bering Leon Gorman and thanking him for his immeasurable contributions to our State and the Nation. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 4:08 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: H.R. 538. An act to facilitate the develop-
ment of energy on Indian lands by reducing Federal regulations that impede tribal devel-opment of Indian lands, and for other pur-poses. 
H.R. 702. An act to adapt to changing crude 
oil market conditions. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6913 and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Mem-ber on the part of the House of Rep-resentatives to the Congressional-Ex-ecutive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: Mrs. B
LACK of Ten-
nessee. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to section 451 of the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act (Public Law 113–128) and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following mem-ber on the part of the House of Rep-resentatives to the National Council on Disability: Lt. Colonel Daniel M. Gade, Ph.D. of New Windsor, New York. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 538. An act to facilitate the develop-
ment of energy on Indian lands by reducing Federal regulations that impede tribal devel-opment of Indian lands, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
H.R. 702. An act to adapt to changing crude 
oil market conditions; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bills were read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 2165. A bill to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to permanently authorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
S. 2169. A bill to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to extend the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bills were read the first 
time: 
S. 2181. A bill to provide guidance and pri-
orities for Federal Government obligations in the event that the debt limit is reached. 
S. 2182. A bill to cut, cap, and balance the 
Federal budget. 
S. 2183. A bill to reauthorize and reform 
the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. ISAKSON, from the Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: 
S. 1203. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the processing by the Department of Veterans Affairs of claims for benefits under laws administered by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19OC6.020 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7304 October 19, 2015 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other 
purposes (Rept. No. 114–153). 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute and an amendment to the title: 
S. 1573. A bill to establish regional weather 
forecast offices, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–154). 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 1808. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to conduct a Northern Border threat analysis, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–155). 
By Mr. ISAKSON, from the Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs, with amendments: 
S. 1082. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 2181. A bill to provide guidance and pri-
orities for Federal Government obligations in the event that the debt limit is reached; read the first time. 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 2182. A bill to cut, cap, and balance the 
Federal budget; read the first time. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Ms. 
H
EITKAMP , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. D ONNELLY , 
Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. W ARNER ): 
S. 2183. A bill to reauthorize and reform 
the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes; read the first time. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and 
Mr. U DALL ): 
S. Res. 288. A resolution commemorating 
October 22, 2015, as the 50th anniversary of the enactment of the Highway Beautifi-cation Act of 1965; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. 
T
OOMEY ): 
S. Res. 289. A resolution designating the 
week beginning on October 18, 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Chemistry Week’’; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 352 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
352, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 356 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. SANDERS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 356, a bill to improve the provisions relating to the privacy of electronic communications. 
S. 569 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 569, a bill to reauthorize the farm to school program, and for other purposes. 
S. 579 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator 
from Delaware (Mr. C ARPER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 579, a bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 746, a bill to provide for the es-tablishment of a Commission to Accel-erate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 885 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
885, a bill to direct the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 928, a bill to reauthorize the World Trade Center Health Program and the September 11th Victim Com-pensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 960 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 960, a bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act and the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make improve-ments in the old-age, survivors, and disability insurance program, and to provide for Social Security benefit pro-tection. 
S. 1375 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1375, a bill to designate as wilder-ness certain Federal portions of the red rock canyons of the Colorado Plateau and the Great Basin Deserts in the State of Utah for the benefit of present and future generations of people in the United States. 
S. 1407 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1407, a bill to promote the development of renewable energy on public land, and for other purposes. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform tax-ation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1651 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1651, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to repeal the Gov-ernment pension offset and windfall elimination provisions. 
S. 1784 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , 
the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1784, a bill to require the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to be appointed by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. 
S. 1822 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1822, a bill to take certain Federal land located in Tuolumne County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tuolumne Band of Me- Wuk Indians, and for other purposes. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from New Jersey 
(Mr. B OOKER ) and the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 1876 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1876, a bill to rename the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking of the Department of State the Bureau to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons and to provide for an Assistant Secretary to head such Bureau, and for other purposes. 
S. 1882 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1882, a bill to support the sustainable recovery and rebuilding of Nepal following the recent, devastating earthquakes near Kathmandu. 
S. 1893 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1893, a bill to reauthorize and im-prove programs related to mental health and substance use disorders. 
At the request of Mr. A
LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1893, supra. 
S. 2002 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from 
Arizona (Mr. M CCAIN), the Senator 
from Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ), the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. C ASSIDY ) and the 
Senator from Idaho (Mr. C RAPO ) were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19OC6.005 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7305 October 19, 2015 
added as cosponsors of S. 2002, a bill to 
strengthen our mental health system and improve public safety. 
S. 2015 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2015, a bill to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act. 
S. 2119 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Senator 
from Indiana (Mr. D ONNELLY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2119, a bill to provide for greater congressional over-sight of Iran’s nuclear program, and for 
other purposes. 
S. 2134 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2134, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide educational assist-ance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and train-ing as physician assistants of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, to estab-lish pay grades and require competitive pay for physician assistants of the De-partment, and for other purposes. 
S. 2146 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2146, a bill to hold sanc-tuary jurisdictions accountable for defying Federal law, to increase pen-alties for individuals who illegally re-enter the United States after being re-moved, and to provide liability protec-tion for State and local law enforce-ment who cooperate with Federal law enforcement and for other purposes. 
S. 2148 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prevent an increase in the Medicare part B premium and deductible in 2016. 
S. CON. RES. 4 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Con. Res. 4, a concurrent resolution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 288—COM-
MEMORATING OCTOBER 22, 2015, AS THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ENACTMENT OF THE HIGH-WAY BEAUTIFICATION ACT OF 1965 
Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and 
Mr. U
DALL ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Environment and Public Works: S. R ES. 288 
Whereas, on October 22, 1965, President 
Lyndon B. Johnson signed the Highway Beautification Act of 1965 (Public Law 89–285; 79 Stat. 1028), also known as ‘‘Lady Bird’s Bill’’, ‘‘to protect the public investment in [public] highways, to promote the safety and recreational value of public travel, and to preserve natural beauty’’; 
Whereas, earlier in 1965, President Johnson 
convened a White House Conference on Nat-ural Beauty that recommended, among other things, certain highway beautification ac-tions; 
Whereas, at the signing of the Highway 
Beautification Act of 1965 (Public Law 89–285; 79 Stat. 1028), President Johnson stated: ‘‘This bill does not represent everything that we wanted. It does not represent what we need. It does not represent what the national interest requires. But it is a first step, and there will be other steps. For though we must crawl before we walk, we are going to walk.’’; 
Whereas, since inception, the National 
Highway System has expanded to, as of Octo-ber 2015, over 220,000 miles stretching across the United States; and 
Whereas the national vision led by Presi-
dent Johnson and Lady Bird Johnson for a more beautiful highway system should be re-membered and renewed; Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes the legacy and vision of 
President Lyndon B. Johnson and Lady Bird Johnson on the 50th anniversary of the en-actment of the Highway Beautification Act of 1965 (Public Law 89–285; 79 Stat. 1028); 
(2) commends the organizations, volun-
teers, and businesses that work to support the vision of a more beautiful United States; 
(3) recognizes that beautiful highways and 
scenic byways— 
(A) promote— (i) economic development; and (ii) national and international tourism; 
and 
(B) reflect the best of the United States; 
and 
(4) renews the previous commitment of the 
Senate to— 
(A) protect the public investment in public 
highways; 
(B) promote the safety and recreational 
value of public travel; and 
(C) preserve the natural beauty of the 
United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 289—DESIG-
NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING ON OCTOBER 18, 2015, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL CHEMISTRY WEEK’’ 
Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. 
T
OOMEY ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 289 
Whereas chemistry is the science of basic 
units of matter and, consequently, plays a role in every aspect of human life; 
Whereas chemistry has broad applications, 
including food science, paints and coatings, water quality, energy, sustainability, medi-cine, and electronics; 
Whereas the science of chemistry is vital 
to improving the quality of human life and plays an important role in addressing crit-ical global challenges; 
Whereas innovations in chemistry con-
tinue to spur economic growth and job cre-ation and have applications for a wide range of industries; 
Whereas National Chemistry Week is part 
of a broader vision to improve human life through chemistry and to advance the chem-
istry enterprise and the practitioners of that enterprise for the benefit of communities and the environment; 
Whereas the purpose of National Chem-
istry Week is to reach the public with edu-cational messages about chemistry in order to foster greater understanding of and appre-ciation for the applications and benefits of chemistry; 
Whereas National Chemistry Week strives 
to stimulate the interest of young people, in-cluding women and underrepresented groups, in enthusiastically studying science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics and in pursuing science-related careers that lead to innovations and major scientific break-throughs; 
Whereas National Chemistry Week high-
lights many of the everyday uses of chem-istry, including in food, dyes and pigments, plastics, soaps and detergents, health prod-ucts, and energy technologies; and 
Whereas students who participate in Na-
tional Chemistry Week deserve recognition and support for their efforts: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates the week beginning on Octo-
ber 18, 2015, as ‘‘National Chemistry Week’’; 
(2) supports the goals of and welcomes the 
participants in the 28th annual National Chemistry Week; 
(3) recognizes the need to promote the 
fields of science, including chemistry, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics and encourage youth to pursue careers in these fields; and 
(4) commends the American Chemical Soci-
ety and the partners of that society for orga-nizing and convening events and activities surrounding National Chemistry Week each year. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2712. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2712. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. FEDERAL COMPUTER SECURITY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OVERED AGENCY .—The term ‘‘covered 
agency’’ means an agency that operates a Federal computer system that provides ac-cess to classified information or personally identifiable information. 
(2) L
OGICAL ACCESS CONTROL .—The term 
‘‘logical access control’’ means a process of granting or denying specific requests to ob-tain and use information and related infor-mation processing services. 
(3) M
ULTI-FACTOR LOGICAL ACCESS CON -
TROLS .—The term ‘‘multi-factor logical ac-
cess controls’’ means a set of not less than 2 of the following logical access controls: 
(A) Information that is known to the user, 
such as a password or personal identification number. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19OC6.008 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7306 October 19, 2015 
(B) An access device that is provided to the 
user, such as a cryptographic identification device or token. 
(C) A unique biometric characteristic of 
the user. 
(4) P
RIVILEGED USER .—The term ‘‘privi-
leged user’’ means a user who, by virtue of function or seniority, has been allocated powers within a Federal computer system, which are significantly greater than those available to the majority of users. 
(b) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT ON FED-
ERAL COMPUTER SYSTEMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 240 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of each covered agency shall each submit to the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States and the appropriate committees of jurisdiction in the Senate and the House of Representatives a report, which shall include information collected from the covered agency for the contents described in paragraph (2) regarding the Federal com-puter systems of the covered agency. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted by 
each Inspector General of a covered agency under paragraph (1) shall include, with re-spect to the covered agency, the following: 
(A) A description of the logical access 
standards used by the covered agency to ac-cess a Federal computer system that pro-vides access to classified or personally iden-tifiable information, including— 
(i) in aggregate, a list and description of 
logical access controls used to access such a Federal computer system; and 
(ii) whether the covered agency is using 
multi-factor logical access controls to access such a Federal computer system. 
(B) A description of the logical access con-
trols used by the covered agency to govern access to Federal computer systems by privi-leged users. 
(C) If the covered agency does not use log-
ical access controls or multi-factor logical access controls to access a Federal computer system that provides access to classified or personally identifiable information, a de-scription of the reasons for not using such logical access controls or multi-factor log-ical access controls. 
(D) A description of the following data se-
curity management practices used by the covered agency: 
(i) The policies and procedures followed to 
conduct inventories of the software present on the Federal computer systems of the cov-ered agency and the licenses associated with such software. 
(ii) Whether the covered agency has en-
tered into a licensing agreement for the use of software security controls to monitor and detect exfiltration and other threats, includ-ing— 
(I) data loss prevention software; or (II) digital rights management software. (iii) A description of how the covered agen-
cy is using software described in clause (ii). 
(iv) If the covered agency has not entered 
into a licensing agreement for the use of, or is otherwise not using, software described in clause (ii), a description of the reasons for not entering into such a licensing agreement or using such software. 
(E) A description of the policies and proce-
dures of the covered agency with respect to ensuring that entities, including contrac-tors, that provide services to the covered agency are implementing the data security management practices described in subpara-graph (D). 
(3) E
XISTING REVIEW .—The report required 
under this subsection may be based in whole or in part on an audit, evaluation, or report relating to programs or practices of the cov-ered agency, and may be submitted as part of another report, including the report required under section 3555 of title 44, United States 
Code. 
(4) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—A report sub-
mitted under this subsection shall be in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(5) A
VAILABILITY TO MEMBERS OF CON -
GRESS .—A report submitted under this sub-
section shall be made available upon request by any Member of Congress. 
(c) GAO E
CONOMIC ANALYSIS AND REPORT  
ONFEDERAL COMPUTER SYSTEMS .— 
(1) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report examining, in-cluding an economic analysis of, any impedi-ments to agency use of effective security software and security devices. 
(2) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—A report sub-
mitted under this subsection shall be in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on October 19, 2015, at 3 p.m., in room SH–216 of the Hart Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘S. 2123, Sentencing Reform and Cor-rections Act of 2015.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NOTICE: REGISTRATION OF MASS 
MAILINGS 
The filing date for the 2015 third 
quarter Mass Mailing report is Mon-day, October 26, 2015. An electronic op-tion is now available on Webster that will allow forms to be submitted via a tillable pdf document. If your office did no mass mailings during this period, please submit a form that states ‘‘none.’’ 
Mass mailing registrations, or nega-
tive reports can be submitted elec-tronically or delivered to the Senate Office of Public Records, 232 Hart Building, Washington, D.C. 20510–7116. 
The Senate Office of Public Records 
will be open from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. For further information, please contact the Senate Office of Public Records at (202) 224–0322. 
f 
NATIONAL CHEMISTRY WEEK 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 289, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 289) designating the 
week beginning on October 18, 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Chemistry Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 289) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—S. 2165 AND S. 2169 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I under-
stand there are two bills at the desk due for a second reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bills by title for a second time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2165) to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to permanently authorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
A bill (S. 2169) to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to extend the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
Mr. FLAKE. In order to place the 
bills on the calendar under the provi-sions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bills will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 2181, S. 2182, and S. 2183 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I under-
stand there are three bills at the desk and I ask for their first reading en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bills by title for the first time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2181) to provide guidance and pri-
orities for Federal Government obligations in the event that the debt limit is reached. 
A bill (S. 2182) to cut, cap, and balance the 
Federal budget. 
A bill (S. 2183) to reauthorize and reform 
the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. 
Mr. FLAKE. I now ask for a second 
reading and object to my own request, all en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bills will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 
20, 2015 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Tuesday, October 20; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19OC6.010 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7307 October 19, 2015 
approved to date, and the time for the 
two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to execu-tive session under the previous order; further, that following the disposition of the Donnelly nomination, the Sen-
ate proceed to legislative session and resume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 2146; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 
p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, if there is 
no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:46 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, October 20, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19OC6.021 S19OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1479 October 19, 2015 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Oc-
tober 20, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
OCTOBER 21 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the future 
of defense reform. 
SH–216 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine ongoing mi-
gration from Central America, focusing on fiscal year 2015 apprehensions. 
SD–342 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine agriculture 
biotechnology, focusing on Federal reg-ulation and stakeholder perspectives. 
SD–106 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural De-
velopment, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine a review of 
rural development in 21st century America. 
SD–192 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Man-
agement, and Regulatory Oversight 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
regulatory impact analyses for Envi-ronmental Protection Agency regula-tions. 
SD–406 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Gary Richard Brown, to be United States District Judge for the 
Eastern District of New York, Rebecca Goodgame Ebinger, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Iowa, Leonard Terry Strand, of 
South Dakota, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Northern District of Iowa, and Mark A. Young, to be United States District Judge for the Central District of California. 
SD–226 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine reforming 
the Federal budget process, focusing on the need for action. 
SD–608 
2 p.m. 
Commission on Security and Cooperation 
in Europe 
To hold hearings to examine three case 
studies on Russian violations of the rule of law, focusing on how the United States should respond. 
RHOB–2255 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 1419, to 
promote the academic achievement of American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian children with the es-tablishment of a Native American lan-guage grant program, S. 1436, to re-quire the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, S. 1443, to amend the Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Serv-ices Demonstration Act of 1992 to fa-cilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the employment, training, and related services from diverse Fed-eral sources, S. 1761, to take certain Federal land located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, S. 1822, to take certain Federal land lo-cated in Tuolumne County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians, and H.R. 387, to provide for certain land to be taken into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mission Indians; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office report on Indian energy development. 
SD–628 
2:30 p.m. 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine when com-
puter tech support becomes a scam. 
SD–562 
OCTOBER 22 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine global chal-
lenges, United States national security strategy, and defense organization. 
SD–G50 Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine improving 
pay flexibility in the Federal work-force. 
SD–342 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine Puerto 
Rico, focusing on the economy, debt, and options for Congress. 
SD–366 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider S. 2123, to 
reform sentencing laws and correc-tional institutions, and the nomina-tions of Brian R. Martinotti, and Julien Xavier Neals, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey, Robert F. Rossiter, Jr., to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the District of Ne-braska, and Edward L. Stanton III, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee. 
SD–226 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
OCTOBER 27 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine United 
States military strategy in the Middle East. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Office of Surface Mining, Reclama-tion, and Enforcement’s proposed Stream Protection Rule. 
SD–366 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To receive a closed briefing on the Ad-
ministration’s response to the Syrian conflict. 
SVC–217 
1:30 p.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold joint hearings with the House 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Oversight and Man-agement Efficiency to examine ongoing challenges at the Secret Service and their government-wide implications. 
HVC–210 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M19OC8.000 E19OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1093 Monday, October 19, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7289–S7307 
Measures Introduced: Three bills and two resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2181–2183, and S. Res. 288–289.
                                                       Page S7304 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1203, to amend title 38, United States Code, 
to improve the processing by the Department of Veterans Affairs of claims for benefits under laws ad-ministered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–153) 
S. 1573, to establish regional weather forecast of-
fices, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–154) 
S. 1808, to require the Secretary of Homeland Se-
curity to conduct a Northern Border threat analysis, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–155) 
S. 1082, to amend title 38, United States Code, 
to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on per-formance or misconduct, with amendments. 
                                                                                    Pages S7303–04 
Measures Passed: 
National Chemistry Week: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 289, designating the week beginning on Octo-ber 18, 2015, as ‘‘National Chemistry Week’’. 
                                                                                            Page S7305 
Measures Considered: 
Stop Sanctuary Policies And Protect Americans 
Act—Agreement : Senate resumed consideration of 
the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2146, to hold sanctuary jurisdictions accountable for defying Federal law, to increase penalties for individ-uals who illegally reenter the United States after being removed, and to provide liability protection for State and local law enforcement who cooperate with Federal law enforcement.
             Pages S7290–S7301 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the motion to 
proceed to consideration of the bill on Tuesday, Oc-tober 20, 2015, following the disposition of the nomination of Ann Donnelly, of New York, to be 
United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York.
                                                       Pages S7306–07 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7303 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7303 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                             Pages S7303–S7306 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S7303 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7304–05 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S7305 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S7303 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7305–06 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7306 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 4 p.m. and ad-
journed at 6:46 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Oc-tober 20, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on pages S7306–07.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
SENTENCING REFORM AND CORRECTIONS ACT 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine S. 2123, to reform sentencing laws and correctional institutions, after receiving tes-timony from Sally Quillian Yates, Deputy Attorney General, Department of Justice; Michael B. Mukasey, former Attorney General, Department of Justice, Debevoise and Plimpton LLP, and Heather Mac Donald, Manhattan Institute, both of New York, New York; Hilary O. Shelton, NAACP Wash-ington Bureau, and Marc Mauer, The Sentencing Project, both of Washington, D.C.; Craig DeRoche, Justice Fellowship, Lansdowne, Virginia; Steven H. Cook, National Association of Assistant United States Attorneys, Knoxville, Tennessee; Brett Tolman, former United States Attorney for the Dis-trict of Utah, Ray Quinney and Nebeker, PC, Salt Lake City, Utah; and Debi Campbell, Spotsylvania County, Virginia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D19OC5.REC D19OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1094 October 19, 2015 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, Octo-ber 20, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D1053) 
H.R. 1020, to define STEM education to include 
computer science, and to support existing STEM education programs at the National Science Founda-tion. Signed on October 7, 2015. (Public Law 114–59) 
H.R. 1624, to amend title I of the Patient Protec-
tion and Affordable Care Act and title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to revise the definition of small employer. Signed on October 7, 2015. (Public Law 114–60) 
H.R. 2617, to amend the Fair Minimum Wage 
Act of 2007 to reduce a scheduled increase in the minimum wage applicable to American Samoa. Signed on October 7, 2015. (Public Law 114–61) 
S. 136, to amend chapter 21 of title 5, United 
States Code, to provide that fathers of certain perma-nently disabled or deceased veterans shall be in-cluded with mothers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service. Signed on October 7, 2015. (Public Law 114–62) 
S. 139, to permanently allow an exclusion under 
the Supplemental Security Income program and the Medicaid program for compensation provided to in-dividuals who participate in clinical trials for rare diseases or conditions. Signed on October 7, 2015. (Public Law 114–63) 
S. 261, to designate the United States courthouse 
located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse. Signed on October 7, 2015. (Pub-lic Law 114–64) 
S. 565, to reduce the operation and maintenance 
costs associated with the Federal fleet by encour-aging the use of remanufactured parts. Signed on October 7, 2015. (Public Law 114–65) 
S. 994, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Ser-geant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’. 
Signed on October 7, 2015. (Public Law 114–66) 
S. 1707, to designate the Federal building located 
at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’. Signed on October 7, 2015. (Public Law 114–67) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
OCTOBER 20, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine the nominations of Cherry Ann Murray, of Kansas, to be Director of the Office of Science, Vic-toria Marie Baecher Wassmer, of Illinois, to be Under Secretary, and John Francis Kotek, of Idaho, to be an As-sistant Secretary (Nuclear Energy), all of the Department of Energy, and Mary L. Kendall, of Minnesota, to be In-spector General, Suzette M. Kimball, of West Virginia, to be Director of the United States Geological Survey, and Kristen Joan Sarri, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of the Interior, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the persistent North Korea denuclearization and human rights challenge, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Subcommittee on Multilateral International Develop-
ment, Multilateral Institutions, and International Eco-nomic, Energy, and Environmental Policy, to hold hear-ings to examine the 2015 Paris international climate ne-gotiations, focusing on the economic and environmental impacts, 2:45 p.m., SD–419. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Legislative Proposals to Combat Our Nation’s Drug Abuse Crisis’’, 4 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
10, the ‘‘SOAR Reauthorization Act’’; H.R. 692, the ‘‘Default Prevention Act’’; and H.R. 1937, the ‘‘National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold 
hearings to examine Europe’s refugee crisis, focusing on how the United States, European Union, and the Organi-zation for Security and Cooperation in Europe should re-spond, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19OC5.REC D19OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1095 October 19, 2015 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of October 20 through October 23, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday, at approximately 10 a.m., Senate will 
begin consideration of the nomination of Ann Don-nelly, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York. At ap-proximately 11 a.m., Senate will vote on confirma-tion of the nomination. 
Following the disposition of the nomination of 
Ann Donnelly, Senate will continue consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2146, Stop Sanctuary Policies and Protect Americans Act. At 2:15 p.m., Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the motion to proceed to consider-ation of the bill. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: October 
21, to hold hearings to examine agriculture bio-technology, focusing on Federal regulation and stake-holder perspectives, 10 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Appropriations: October 21, Subcommittee 
on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Ad-ministration, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine a review of rural development in 21st century America, 10 a.m., SD–192. 
Committee on Armed Services: October 21, to hold hear-
ings to examine the future of defense reform, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
October 22, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine global challenges, United States national security strategy, and defense organization, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on the Budget: October 21, to hold hearings 
to examine reforming the Federal budget process, focus-ing on the need for action, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: October 20, 
to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Cherry Ann Murray, of Kansas, to be Director of the Office of Science, Victoria Marie Baecher Wassmer, of Illinois, to be Under Secretary, and John Francis Kotek, of Idaho, to be an Assistant Secretary (Nuclear Energy), all of the De-partment of Energy, and Mary L. Kendall, of Minnesota, to be Inspector General, Suzette M. Kimball, of West Virginia, to be Director of the United States Geological Survey, and Kristen Joan Sarri, of Michigan, to be an As-sistant Secretary, all of the Department of the Interior, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
October 22, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine Puerto Rico, focusing on the economy, debt, and options for Congress, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: October 21, 
Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Oversight, to hold an oversight hearing to ex-amine regulatory impact analyses for Environmental Pro-
tection Agency regulations, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: October 20, to hold hear-
ings to examine the persistent North Korea denuclearization and human rights challenge, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
October 20, Subcommittee on Multilateral Inter-
national Development, Multilateral Institutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental Pol-icy, to hold hearings to examine the 2015 Paris inter-national climate negotiations, focusing on the economic and environmental impacts, 2:45 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
October 21, to hold hearings to examine ongoing migra-tion from Central America, focusing on fiscal year 2015 apprehensions, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
October 22, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management, to hold hearings to examine im-proving pay flexibility in the Federal workforce, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: October 21, business meet-
ing to consider S. 1419, to promote the academic achievement of American Indian, Alaska Native, and Na-tive Hawaiian children with the establishment of a Na-tive American language grant program, S. 1436, to re-quire the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, S. 1443, to amend the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Demonstra-tion Act of 1992 to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the employment, training, and related serv-ices from diverse Federal sources, S. 1761, to take certain Federal land located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, S. 1822, to take certain Federal land located in Tuolumne County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians, and H.R. 387, to provide for certain land to be taken into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mission Indians; to be imme-diately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office report on Indian en-ergy development, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: October 21, to hold hearings 
to examine the nominations of Gary Richard Brown, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, Rebecca Goodgame Ebinger, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Iowa, Leonard Terry Strand, of South Dakota, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Iowa, and Mark A. Young, to be United States District Judge for the Central District of California, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
October 22, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider S. 2123, to reform sentencing laws and correctional institutions, and the nominations of Brian R. Martinotti, and Julien Xavier Neals, both to be a United States Dis-trict Judge for the District of New Jersey, Robert F. Rossiter, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of Nebraska, and Edward L. Stanton III, to be 
United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19OC5.REC D19OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1096 October 19, 2015 
Select Committee on Intelligence: October 20, to hold 
closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
October 22, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings 
to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
Special Committee on Aging: October 21, to hold hearings 
to examine when computer tech support becomes a scam, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, October 21, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Foreign Subsidies: Jeopardizing Free Trade and Harming American Farmers’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Armed Services, October 21, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining DOD Security Co-operation: When It Works and When It Doesn’t’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
October 21, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land 
Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Update on the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter Program’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
October 22, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and 
Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Countering Adversarial 
Propaganda: Charting an Effective Course in the Con-tested Information Environment’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce , October 21, 
Subcommittee on Workforce Protections, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting America’s Workers: Reviewing Mine Safety Policies with Stakeholders’’, 10 a.m., 2261 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , October 21, Sub-
committee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Ways to Improve Vehicle and Roadway Safety’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
October 21, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled 
‘‘Examining the Medicare Part D Medication Therapy Management Program’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
October 22, Subcommittee on Environment and the 
Economy, hearing entitled ‘‘Technical Assistance for Rural Water Systems: S. 611, the Grassroots Rural and Small Community Water Systems Assistance Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
October 22, Subcommittee on Energy and Power, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘EPA’s CO2 Regulations for New and Exist-ing Power Plants: Legal Perspectives’’, 2 p.m., 2123 Ray-burn. 
October 23, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled 
‘‘Reviewing the Accuracy of Medicaid and Exchange Eli-gibility Determinations’’, 9:00 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
October 23, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufac-
turing and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Fighting Fraud Against the Elderly, an Update’’, 9:15 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Financial Services , October 21, Sub-
committee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Cred-it, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Legislative Proposals to Reduce Regulatory Burdens on Main Street Job Cre-ators’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
October 21, Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: Federal Housing Reforms that Create Housing Oppor-
tunity’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
October 22, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The 
Future of Housing in America: 50 Years of HUD and Its Impact on Federal Housing Policy’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Ray-burn. 
October 23, Subcommittee on Capital Markets and 
Government Sponsored Enterprises, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the SEC’s Division of Investment Manage-ment’’, 9:15 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , October 21, Subcommittee 
on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Burma’s Chal-lenge: Democracy, Human Rights, Peace, and the Plight of the Rohingya’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
October 22, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Words 
Have Consequences: Palestinian Authority Incitement to Violence’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
October 22, Subcommittee on the Western Hemi-
sphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Russian Engagement in the Western Hemisphere’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
October 22, Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonprolifera-
tion, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘North Korea: Back on the State Sponsor of Terrorism List?’’, 2 p.m., 2255 Ray-burn. 
October 22, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, 
Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Africa’s Great Lakes Region: A Security, Political, and Humanitarian Challenge’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
October 23, Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonprolifera-
tion, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating the Export- Import Bank in the Global Economy’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security , October 21, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Worldwide Threats and Home-land Security Challenges’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
October 22, Subcommittee on Emergency Prepared-
ness, Response, and Communications, hearing entitled ‘‘Ready and Resilient?: Examining Federal Emergency Preparedness and Response Capabilities’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on House Administration , October 21, Full 
Committee, markup on a committee resolution amending the Committee’s regulations, and for other purposes, 10:15 a.m., 1310 Longworth. 
Committee on the Judiciary , October 22, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources , October 22, Sub-
committee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 3094, the ‘‘Gulf States Red Snapper Management Au-thority Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , October 
21, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Secure Credentials Issued by the Government Publishing Office’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
October 21, Subcommittee on Information Technology, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Law Enforcement Use of Cell Phone Tracking Devices’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , October 21, 
Subcommittee on Energy; and Subcommittee on Research 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19OC5.REC D19OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1097 October 19, 2015 
and Technology, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Cybersecurity for 
Power Systems’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
October 22, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘EPA’s 
2015 Ozone Standard: Concerns Over Science and Imple-mentation’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business , October 21, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The EMV Deadline and What It Means for Small Businesses: Part II’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure , October 
21, Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Abandoned Mines in the United States and Opportunities for Good Samaritan Cleanups’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
October 22, Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘Surface 
Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 
2015’’; and other matters cleared for consideration, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs , October 21, Full Com-
mittee, business meeting on motion to issue subpoenas to employees of Department of Veterans Affairs, to compel them to appear and provide testimony to the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs on the Inspector Gen-eral’s final report, entitled ‘‘Inappropriate Use of Position and the Misuse of the Relocation Program and Incen-tives’’; hearing entitled ‘‘An Examination of the VA Of-
fice of Inspector General’s Final Report on the Inappro-priate Use of Position and the Misuse of the Relocation Program and Incentives’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
October 22, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled 
‘‘Evaluating VA Primary Care Delivery, Workload, and Cost’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
October 22, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, 
hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of VA’s VetSuccess on Cam-pus Program’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Select Committee on Benghazi , October 22, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Hearing 4’’, regarding testi-mony of Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: October 
20, to hold hearings to examine Europe’s refugee crisis, focusing on how the United States, European Union, and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe should respond, 2 p.m., 2200, Rayburn Building. 
October 21, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine three case studies on Russian violations of the rule of law, focusing on how the United States should re-spond, 2 p.m., 2255, Rayburn Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19OC5.REC D19OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1098 October 19, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, October 20 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will begin consideration of 
the nomination of Ann Donnelly, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York. At approximately 11 a.m., Senate will vote on confirmation of the nomination. 
Following the disposition of the nomination of Ann 
Donnelly, Senate will continue consideration of the mo-tion to proceed to consideration of S. 2146, Stop Sanc-tuary Policies and Protect Americans Act. At 2:15 p.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 p.m., Tuesday, October 20 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday The House will meet at 12 p.m. 
for Morning-Hour Debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Oct 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D19OC5.REC D19OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST