Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H191 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 2015 No. 5 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mrs. B
LACK ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
January 12, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable D IANE 
BLACK to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
REMEMBERING STANLEY 
ISRAELITE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, 
today, I rise to remember one of east-ern Connecticut’s most generous, car-ing, and devoted citizens, Stanley Israelite. 
Stanley passed away this past De-
cember at age 89 and leaves behind an enduring powerful legacy in his native Norwich and throughout Connecticut. I ask the U.S. House to join me in ex-pressing condolences to his wife, Linda 
Hershman; and his four children, Mi-chael Israelite, Abby Dolliver, Mindy Wilkie, and Jon Israelite. 
After his passing, a memorial service 
was held at Beth Jacob Synagogue, which was the scene of an overflow crowd of people from all walks of life. His longtime boss, former U.S. Senator Chris Dodd; Lieutenant Governor Nancy Wyman; State legislators; may-ors and former mayors; small business owners; labor union leaders; and his neighbors and friends from the city he loved, Norwich, Connecticut, were all in attendance. 
Senator Dodd delivered a stirring eu-
logy filled with humor and passion, de-scribing Stanley’s amazing life of serv-ice. As Senator Dodd related, Stanley dedicated his life to helping others. 
After starting his career in his fam-
ily-owned jewelry store, he uncovered his true passion, assisting members of his community with any problem, any-time, after intervening with a family in crisis. He left the business, and after holding a variety of human service and business advocacy positions in Nor-wich—and earning citizen of the year and citizen of the decade awards in the 1960s—went on to work for Chris Dodd. 
Stanley ran his constituent service 
programs, beginning in 1974 with Dodd’s election as Second District Con-gressman, the seat that I now have the honor to hold, and later as State direc-tor to Senator Dodd after Chris’ elec-tion to the Senate in 1980. 
Stanley remained a fixture in Con-
necticut politics, known for his con-summate dedication to helping con-stituents get the help they needed. He spent decades ensuring that Con-necticut citizens received help from the VA, Medicare, and Social Security; solved thorny immigration problems; helped small business owners get their feet under them; and then doggedly pushed forward projects to improve local communities. Today, one of the projects he spear-
headed, an industrial park in Norwich that never would have been realized without Stanley’s efforts, now bears his name, the Stanley Israelite Nor-wich Business Park, renamed in his honor in 2005. In 1995, Stanley was rec-ognized as U.S. News and World Re-port’s 12 Indispensable Americans. 
For all the awards and honors that 
his community rightly bestowed on him throughout his career, Stanley, himself, valued the thank you notes that he received from grateful con-stituents above everything. In 1995, he explained to a reporter from The New London Day that the highest honor in the Dodd office was to post a con-
stituent thank you letter on the office refrigerator. ‘‘That is our glory,’’ he said. ‘‘If you are on the refrigerator, then you have done a good job.’’ 
Stanley’s personal mantra—which he 
instilled in his colleagues, friends, and family—was always, ‘‘Don’t forget the people.’’ After a lifetime of service to his community, the people he helped and everyone who had the privilege to know him will certainly never forget him. 
f 
ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION 
LEGISLATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BYRNE. Madam Speaker, just 
last month, we made a promise to the American people. We promised our con-stituents that we would fight the Obama administration’s decision to give executive amnesty to many of those in this country illegally. 
I am pleased to announce that this 
week the House will fulfill that prom-ise and act to defund the illegal execu-tive action. All last year, we strongly urged the President not to act alone, and the American people spoke clearly in last November’s election, but the President forged ahead anyway. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.000 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H192 January 12, 2015 
Now, in order to preserve our Na-
tion’s longstanding system of checks and balances to preserve the very order of our Constitution, the House will act to rein in President Obama’s plans for executive amnesty. 
We will vote on legislation, which I 
was proud to cosponsor, written by my Alabama colleague, Congressman R
OB-
ERT ADERHOLT , which would prevent 
the President from carrying out his plans for executive amnesty. 
Let me be clear: this is tough legisla-
tion which completely eliminates all funds for implementation of the Presi-dent’s illegal actions. The bill has the support of many leading voices in the immigration debate including my home State Senator, J
EFFSESSIONS . 
Just as important, the legislation 
makes clear that no Federal benefits can be granted to any alien as a result of the policies defunded and also elimi-nates funds to consider new, renewal, or previously-denied applications for executive amnesty. 
The legislation doesn’t just defund 
the President’s executive action. The legislation paves the way for stronger border security by increasing funds for border agents, detention beds, and en-forcement activities. 
In order to halt illegal immigration 
in this country, we must stop encour-aging illegal immigration by offering amnesty and instead put more atten-tion on actually securing our borders. 
I wish this legislation wasn’t nec-
essary. I wish President Obama had lis-tened to the American people and en-forced our current laws instead of con-tinuing his my-way-or-the-highway style of governing; instead, he moved ahead with action that clearly violates our Constitution and has poisoned the well for serious conversation on immi-gration reform. 
Madam Speaker, I must ask a simple 
question that has very serious con-sequences: When will it stop? When will President Obama stop issuing short-sighted executive action and instead work together with this Congress to find long-term solutions to the real issues plaguing our country? 
I fear that the answer to that ques-
tion is not promising, given that while we were on this floor taking our oath of office, the White House was busy issuing veto threats. 
I understand that the legislative 
process may not be convenient for the President, but the process exists for a reason. The Congress makes the laws, and the President should enforce them. This President just doesn’t get that. 
This week, the House will act to rein 
in the President once again. We will at-tempt to right the scales of power and restore our constitutional system of checks and balances. 
We cannot and we will not sit back 
idly and allow the President to act alone. We promised the American peo-ple we would respond, and this week, we will hold true to our word. CELEBRATING THE SAN ANTONIO 
SPURS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Madam Speaker, 
today is a special day for San Antonio because our San Antonio Spurs are being recognized at the White House for their victorious season. We have, of course, already had many a celebration in San Antonio, but it is good to see this celebration now reaching 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Congratulations to the San Antonio Spurs on this fifth amazing championship ring. 
Serving here in Congress as a rep-
resentative for much of San Antonio, including the very place in the Alamo City where the Spurs have scored so many of these victories, I know that nothing defines the Spurs or San Anto-nio like the teamwork, the determina-tion, and the positive attitude they dis-played on this trail to the 2014 cham-pionship victory. These values are shown through the Spurs’ ‘‘Silver and Black Give Back’’; a community and outreach program which has benefited over 250,000 children and coaches in the past couple of decades, all this in a city that is overflowing with Spurs enthu-siasm and Spurs fans. 
I would have to say that all of San 
Antonio knows that the Spurs are cer-tainly no Mavericks at basketball; they are well-seasoned, team players. They were able to rain down Thunder on all of their 2014 opponents with a regular season record of 62 wins out of 82 games. And that is not all that set the Spurs apart; they are true Trail-blazers, hiring the first female assist-ant coach in the NBA, Becky Hammon. Overall, when it came down to that fifth ring, the Spurs, a team that lives in our Texas temperatures, were able to beat the Heat with a cool 4–1 series blowout. 
Like San Antonio itself, the Spurs 
have attracted the best and brightest from all over the world. There never has been, and there never will be, a team quite like the San Antonio Spurs in a city that is like no other. 
Congratulations to a dynasty. Like 
so many of my constituents, I am ready for the ‘‘Race for Seis!’’ 
f 
THE FRENCH FIGHT BACK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, 
around 11 a.m. on January 7, on a cold winter day in Paris, France, two men armed with AK–47s forced a woman en-tering the offices of a French news-paper to let them in. 
After murdering the security guard 
in the lobby, they ran up to the second floor and shouted, ‘‘Where is Charb? Where is Charb?’’ Charb is the nick-name for the newspaper’s editor, Mr. Charbonnier. 
Over the next 5 minutes, the two men 
would seek out and execute Mr. Charbonnier and 10 other people in the 
newspaper. They left the building, shouting the Islamic phrase, ‘‘Allah Akbar’’ or ‘‘God is the greatest.’’ They then murdered a policeman, ran back to their car, shouting, ‘‘We have re-venged the Prophet Muhammad.’’ 
You see, Madam Speaker, these kill-
ers murdered because the paper exer-cised the human right of free speech and a free press. The assassin brothers were on the run for 2 days, but on Jan-uary 9, the police cornered them at a standoff near the Paris airport. The po-lice rescued a hostage, and the brothers were killed, going out just like they wanted to, in a massive firefight as martyrs. 
On the same day, another gunman, 
but an accomplice of the two brothers, took hostages at a kosher grocery store on the east side of Paris. Police stormed the grocery store and killed the terrorist, but not before he had murdered Jewish hostages. 
You see, Madam Speaker, these three 
killed because people disagreed with them. They killed the Jews because they were Jews. They killed the people at the newspaper because they had the audacity to print things that these folks—these terrorists—did not ap-prove of. 
The French authorities did a superb 
job hunting down and killing these ter-rorists. The two brothers responsible for the initial attack have a history of terrorist activities. One brother said he even dreamed of killing Jews in France. 
Hours before one of them met his 
Maker, they called a French TV sta-tion, saying, ‘‘We are telling you that we are defenders of the Prophet—peace and blessings be upon him—and that I was sent by al Qaeda in Yemen and that I went there, and it is the imam al-Awlaki that financed me.’’ 
Yes, Madam Speaker, we have heard 
this before, young people traveling overseas where they meet radical Is-lamic jihadists who preach hate and murder in the name of religion. 
b1215 
They are indoctrinated and infected 
with the cancer of radical Islam and sent back to their home country to in-flict terror and kill men, women, and children. They kill in the name of their radical religious beliefs. 
We are even seeing this in the United 
States. Groups like ISIS are encour-aging Americans to join their reign of terror. Americans who travel overseas to fight with ISIS are not coming back home to America to open coffee shops. They are coming back to do mischief and kill us. 
That is why I have introduced and re-
introduced the FTO Passport Revoca-tion Act that would authorize the rev-ocation or denial of passports to indi-viduals affiliated with foreign terrorist organizations. The Benedict Arnold traitors who turn against America and join the ranks of foreign radical ter-rorist organizations should lose their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.002 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H193 January 12, 2015 
rights. This bill will help law enforce-
ment locate these individuals by pre-venting them from traveling inter-nationally so they can be captured and brought to justice. Most importantly, this legislation will prevent traitor Americans from entering the United States undetected. 
Madam Speaker, the French people 
held a solidarity rally in honor of the murdered. It was also a statement of freedom. Some estimated over 2 mil-lion attended the rally in Paris. March-ing arm in arm with French President Hollande were 40 world leaders, includ-ing German Chancellor Merkel, Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu, and Pales-tinian President Abbas. 
Unfortunately, the United States 
President, the Vice President, and the Secretary of State did not choose to show up and support this solidarity meeting. That is unfortunate. The French are a close ally and our oldest ally. We have a portrait of the great Frenchman Lafayette in this very Chamber across the way from George Washington. 
Freedom is under attack by these 
terrorists. They are a threat to civili-zation, order, and liberty. The United States should be more outspoken in our support for the French people and our opposition to terror. We should support our allies like the French and mourn when they mourn and be re-solved to track terrorists down any-where in the world where they are. They are at war with us, Madam Speaker. 
The French Prime Minister said it 
best: 
We are fighting a war, not a war against 
religion, not a war of civilizations, but to de-fend our values, which are universal. It is a war against terrorism and radical Islam, against everything that aims to shatter soli-darity, liberty, and brotherhood. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
CALIFORNIA HIGH-SPEED RAIL 
BOONDOGGLE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. L AMALFA. Madam Speaker, 
today I once again will speak about California’s high-speed rail system. 
Now, just this last week, they had a 
symbolic groundbreaking for this sys-tem in the context of getting started. California has been, since 2008, antici-pating the start of high-speed rail. What do we have instead? Empty prom-ises, a lot of waste, and a lot of money going down the tubes. 
What we see is that when the plan 
was first put in place, the voters of California approved a $33 billion link from Los Angeles to San Francisco. What they are now being given is some-thing that has tripled in price. What they have now been given at this groundbreaking, which is symbolic, what you saw was a mound of dirt with about an 8-foot section of ties and rails on that. That is very symbolic for 
those doing the groundbreaking, but also for those of us that will be paying for it. 
What this high-speed rail system will 
turn into is several links of rail be-tween north and south California that aren’t linked up, that have no way to power them, and no trains will be run-ning on them for several years. 
So instead of the $33 billion plan that 
they saw on the ballot in 2008—which, by the way, it was on the 2006 ballot and, before that, on the 2004 ballot, but those involved knew that they would have, politically, a hard time selling that to people in California—it has ballooned to a $100-billion plan until they revise it again downwards by tak-ing away part of the high-speed system in San Francisco and L.A., where they will instead be using local transit to link to the center section that runs through central California. 
That is not even legal under Prop 1A. 
What Prop 1A spells out is that it has to be a high-speed system that will make it from San Francisco to L.A. or reverse in 2
1⁄2hours at speeds of 220 
miles per hour. This promise will not be upheld. 
Now, why is this important to a na-
tional audience, to Members of Con-gress, and to people in other States? It is because, after the stimulus package was passed in 2009–2010, some of that Federal money is going to go for the high-speed rail system in California. Indeed, several other States were re-cipients of those initial grants. After they looked at their own ideas for high-speed rail and saw the costs in-volved and the infeasibility, they turned that money back into that pot of money. California, of course, stepped forward and said: Hey, give us all of that money. So they have received, at this point, about $3.5 billion that they can spend, dollar for dollar, for the bond money they spend themselves, the State money. 
So what that means for Americans is 
that we know Californians will be back at the Federal well once again trying to get more money for their high-speed plan. What we see is that their down- sized plan will still cost $68 billion. They only have identified $13 billion for the whole system. No private sector money—which is what we were told when the ballot measure passed—has stepped forward to be part of this. The plan is $55 billion short. The Federal Government, so far, has offered about 3
1⁄2. Did they think they would get the 
other 52 from the Federal Government since no private sector money wants to come forward for this? Will they get it out of the California taxpayers? No-body knows. 
Indeed, the Governor, at the 
groundbreaking the other day, said: Don’t worry about the money; we will get it. Well, part of their measure has been to impose a cap-and-trade pro-gram on the people of California which so far has generated about $250 million per year. At that rate, it will be how many centuries before they can catch 
up and get enough money just to pay for high-speed rail which cap-and-trade wasn’t even intended for anyway? 
Folks, we have a giant problem here. 
High-speed rail in California should not be the Federal taxpayers’ burden. It shouldn’t even be the people of Califor-nia’s burden. They barely passed it by 52–48 percent on that 2008 ballot after two previous ballot delays. Delay, delay, delay is what you see with this system. 
So what really needs to happen is the 
people of California need to step for-ward, put this back on the ballot, and have a vote once again on this. And the Federal Government doesn’t need to be giving signals that they are going to send even more money for this boon-doggle which has been failed, flawed, and deceptive since day one. 
Madam Speaker, it is a massively 
flawed project that leaves taxpayers at all levels on the hook for many, many years to come for something that may not even run in our lifetime. So we, as Federal legislators, need to put a stop to any idea—as my colleagues have been doing—for more money to go for-ward for high-speed rail. And we need the people of California to wake up to that idea and demand that it be placed back on the ballot, this money go in-stead for other projects that could be helpful for their transportation cor-ridors, for their highway system, and for the normal mode of rail which can be made to be enhanced to drive 125 miles per hour, which would be bene-ficial. 
Madam Speaker, we need to get on 
the ball and get back to reality on what high-speed rail will really cost Californians and the American tax-payer and urge that it be placed back on the ballot and give the people that choice once again. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 22 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of New York) at 
2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Dear God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
As a parent encourages a child or a 
mentor calls forth the hidden potential of an intern, Lord, our God, may You bless all who work as the 114th Con-gress, especially new Members. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.010 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H194 January 12, 2015 
Remove fear and confusion, wipe 
away distrust, which only inhibit good judgment and leadership. Strengthen the resolve and compassion of all Mem-bers, that they may serve Your people with renewed clarity of vision and re-fined purpose that will soon unify this Nation in self-discipline and con-fidence, for You reward the just and their deeds. 
Bless all Members this day, O God, 
and be with them and with us all in every day to come. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, pursu-
ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. I SRAEL ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. ISRAEL led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
IMMIGRATION 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, as the 
granddaughter of Italian immigrants, I am thankful America has always opened her arms to people looking to build a better way for themselves and their families. However, breaking the law to enter the United States should not be rewarded. 
Well, that is exactly what President 
Obama is doing by granting amnesty to millions of illegal aliens through exec-utive actions. President Obama does not have the legal authority to legis-late, and his unilateral actions on im-migration are a blatant overreach of his constitutionally-granted executive authority. 
It is also wrong to short-circuit the 
American immigration process in this manner when there are so many indi-
viduals who have waited years for the opportunity to come to this country the right way. 
This week, the House will take ac-
tion to defund President Obama’s un-constitutional executive actions on im-migration. It is the responsibility of Congress to pursue reforms and ensure a strong immigration policy is arrived at through consensus, and we should begin by securing our borders. 
f 
DO NOT HOLD THE DEPARTMENT 
OF HOMELAND SECURITY HOS-TAGE TO A POLITICAL AGENDA 
(Mr. ISRAEL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, the trag-
edy in France has put us all on notice that the threat of terror is strong and we must be prepared. We need to en-sure that the Department of Homeland Security is ready, willing, and able to detect and stop what happened in France from happening here. 
Shockingly, this week, Republicans, 
rather than taking steps to strengthen the DHS, will take steps to actually weaken it. They will do so by holding the Department hostage to their poli-tics on immigration. 
They will offer five amendments to 
politicize the DHS at a time when we need it to be its professional best. They have placed their ideological agenda ahead of paychecks. Now, they are placing their ideological agenda ahead of our protection. 
Mr. Speaker, if they want to pass an 
immigration bill, pass one. If they want to politicize issues, do it on an-other issue, but not the Department of Homeland Security. Do not jeopardize the safety of the American people with a political stunt and not this week, after terrorists murdered innocent ci-vilians in France. Do not hold the DHS hostage to a political agenda. 
They are saying that this is a polit-
ical compromise. I understand political compromise, but the homeland secu-rity of my constituents and the Amer-ican people should never be the subject of a political compromise. 
f 
THE KEYSTONE PIPELINE 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, a majority of Americans sup-port building the Keystone pipeline to create jobs and strengthen our energy independence; yet President Obama threatens to block this critical project. The most environmentally secure means to transport oil is by pipeline. 
This pipeline means hundreds of per-
manent jobs in South Carolina’s Sec-ond Congressional District, where com-panies like Michelin Tire Corporation in Lexington and MTU America in Graniteville produce the earthmover 
tires and engines used for Canadian oil sand development; also, the Colonial pipeline to North Augusta reduces gas prices for consumers locally. 
Last week, in a bipartisan vote, the 
House passed a bill to approve the Key-stone pipeline. I hope the President will support the priorities of the Amer-ican people rather than cater to a gen-erous campaign donor. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and the President, by his actions, must never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
Our sympathy to America’s first ally, 
France, over the terrorist attacks last week. Our solidarity with France is clear with the portrait of the Marquis de Lafayette gratefully placed in the House Chamber as one of only two por-traits in this room. 
f 
NEBRASKA’S INDEPENDENT 
TRADITION OF GOVERNING 
(Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak about Nebraska’s inde-pendent tradition of governing. In Ne-braska, we do things a little dif-ferently. We have the only nonpartisan unicameral legislature in the Nation, a body that I proudly served in for 16 years, as did my good friends Senator D
EBFISCHER and Congressman A DRIAN  
SMITH. 
In Lincoln, legislators are not bound 
by political parties but by the needs of their constituents; rather than provide partisan sound bites, members of the unicameral provide solutions forged through compromise and collaboration. 
We need more of this tradition in 
Washington, and I hope to bring Ne-braska common sense to this body. We need to find more ways to come to-gether and solve our Nation’s prob-lems. The American people do not want dogged partisanship. They want us to work together to get real results that help make their everyday lives better. 
I have pledged to be an independent, 
pragmatic voice for my constituents to responsibly tackle the difficult issues facing our country and to do so in a bi-partisan manner. I hope that my col-leagues will follow Nebraska’s exam-ple. 
f 
HONORING COLORADO STATE UNI-
VERSITY—PUEBLO’S NATIONAL CHAMPION THUNDERWOLVES 
(Mr. TIPTON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Colorado State Uni-versity—Pueblo ThunderWolves men’s football team and their coach, John Wristen. In their trip to the NCAA Di-
vision II National Finals this year, the ThunderWolves claimed their first na-tional football championship in school history. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.005 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H195 January 12, 2015 
The ThunderWolves squared off 
against Minnesota State, who were undefeated for the season. With grit and a stout defense, the Wolf Pack shut out the Mavericks by a score of 13–0. 
Before the season began, Coach 
Wristen gave each player a shirt with the letters W-T-L-G, which meant ‘‘Win the Last Game.’’ Coach Wristen’s dream, when he became head coach of the ThunderWolves 7 years ago, was to win a national championship. Now, the Wolf Pack players and coaches can proudly say they are national cham-pions. The city of Pueblo is proud of the team. 
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the team 
and their outstanding coach, John Wristen, for the stellar season and championship. With Coach Wristen’s leadership and the team’s tireless com-mitment to winning, they captured their first football championship and are solidifying the ThunderWolves pro-gram’s legacy of excellence. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS 
(Ms. M CCOLLUM asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, after 
last week’s horrific attacks in France, 
we are reminded that the threat of ter-rorism is very real. The Department of Homeland Security is on the front line of protecting our Nation from terrorist threats. 
House Republicans are using the 
funding for DHS for political posturing rather than governing. The President has prioritized on how our national se-curity dollars are spent. He focused DHS’ tools and resources on preventing terrorist threats and protecting the American people. 
Republicans continue to play polit-
ical games with immigration reform, and now, they are bringing forward a series of amendments to pick a fight with the President. The political games that the Republicans are playing with this bill would jeopardize our national security. We need an appropriations bill that ensures that DHS has the re-sources and tools they need to protect America. 
We must pass a strong bipartisan 
Homeland Security Appropriations bill that keeps America safe and protects our country. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS 
(Ms. SCHAKOWSKY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, 
Americans watching this debate must be shaking their heads in astonish-ment. The question on everyone’s mind at this moment is: Are we doing every-thing we can to prevent a Paris-like terrorist attack in the United States? 
Americans would be right to suppose 
the Republican majority is rushing to finally adequately fund the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security after they already delayed funding by making it a political football on immigration; but, no, it seems the Republicans can’t help themselves, even when it comes to na-tional security. 
They can’t simply vote for the nec-
essary funding to keep the American people safe; instead, the Republicans view this potentially dangerous mo-ment as an opportunity to undermine the President’s executive actions on immigration going all the way back to 2011, putting 600,000 young people in jeopardy of deportation and refusing to let the government prioritize for depor-tation felons over families. 
Shame on them. We should stop play-
ing games with our national security by defeating these amendments and passing a clean Homeland Security funding bill. 
f 
LET’S NOT PLAY POLITICS WITH 
HOMELAND SECURITY 
(Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security is about keeping our Nation and our citizens safe. 
Just as we fund the military to face 
threats abroad, Department of Home-land Security does that work to keep our communities safe at home. Now is not the time to play politics with our immigration laws as if it is a child’s toy. If you want to talk immigration, let’s talk immigration. 
We have a plan. The Senate passed a 
bipartisan plan with more than two- thirds support last session. Let’s see some ideas about resolving our broken immigration system. 
The President’s step is an important 
first step to keep our communities safer, by focusing our limited enforce-ment resources on criminals who rep-resent a threat to our community. 
Do you want to undo that and in-
stead use our enforcement resources to go after kids and families rather than criminals? That makes our commu-nities less safe rather than more. 
Let’s not play politics with Home-
land Security. Pass a clean bill, and tackle the immigration issue. 
f 
THE HOMELAND SECURITY 
FUNDING BILL 
(Mr. BEYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to raise my concerns about the upcoming Homeland Security funding bill. 
The tragedies in Paris reinforce how 
critical it is that we keep DHS strong and appropriately financed. Unfortu-nately, the majority leadership has de-cided to play politics with our national security. The appropriations package is 
littered with amendments which would undermine what little progress we have made to our broken immigration sys-tem. 
Our family business just lost one of 
our most valuable employees, Cesar Arias. He may have originally come to Virginia without proper papers, but in the Reagan years, he found a way to stay here, raise his family, and open and close our store 6 days a week for more than 20 years. Cesar is one small, powerful example among millions of new Americans who have helped our economy grow and kept our democracy strong. He believed it was long past time for comprehensive immigration reform. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge the Republicans 
to bring a clean bill to the floor with-out the anti-immigrant amendments. We need to invest in homeland secu-rity, and we need a real conversation about immigration reform. 
f 
THE HOMELAND SECURITY 
FUNDING BILL 
(Ms. EDWARDS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today because we are just 1 week into this Congress and the Republican ma-jority promised bipartisanship, espe-cially on homeland security, the secu-rity of our homeland, yet, oh, no, it is politics as usual from Republicans now politicizing the Department of Home-land Security and its important fund-ing at this time when we know around the world, and especially in France, which has felt so poignantly what hap-pens when we don’t pay attention to se-curity. But here they are. 
They are mad at the President. Why? 
Because the President did what other Presidents have done, taking executive action on immigration. And so they are mad at the President, and Republicans are now going to punish the American people by not protecting our homeland. Well, shame on the Republican Party for politicizing the Department of Homeland Security. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time to get to busi-
ness. The American people expect that, and the Republicans, if they plan to govern, need to do it and pass a clean bill funding our Department of Home-land Security and take care of our homeland. This is what the American people expect, and it is what the Re-publican Party needs to deliver if they want to govern. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 5 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 16 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.006 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H196 January 12, 2015 
b1706 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ) at 5 o’clock and 6 
minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
CLAY HUNT SUICIDE PREVENTION 
FOR AMERICAN VETERANS ACT 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 203) to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to provide for the conduct of annual evaluations of mental health care and suicide pre-vention programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot pro-gram on loan repayment for psychia-trists who agree to serve in the Vet-erans Health Administration of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 203 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Clay Hunt 
Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act’’ or the ‘‘Clay Hunt SAV Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EVALUATIONS OF MENTAL HEALTH CARE 
AND SUICIDE PREVENTION PRO-GRAMS OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) E VALUATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 17 
of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1709B. Evaluations of mental health care 
and suicide prevention programs 
‘‘(a) E
VALUATIONS .—(1) Not less frequently 
than once during each period specified in paragraph (3), the Secretary shall provide for the conduct of an evaluation of the mental health care and suicide prevention programs carried out under the laws administered by the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) Each evaluation conducted under para-
graph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) use metrics that are common among 
and useful for practitioners in the field of mental health care and suicide prevention; 
‘‘(B) identify the most effective mental 
health care and suicide prevention programs conducted by the Secretary, including such programs conducted at a Center of Excel-lence; 
‘‘(C) identify the cost-effectiveness of each 
program identified under subparagraph (B); 
‘‘(D) measure the satisfaction of patients 
with respect to the care provided under each such program; and 
‘‘(E) propose best practices for caring for 
individuals who suffer from mental health disorders or are at risk of suicide, including 
such practices conducted or suggested by other departments or agencies of the Federal Government, including the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration of the Department of Health and Human Services. 
‘‘(3) The periods specified in this paragraph 
are the following: 
‘‘(A) The period beginning on the date on 
which the Secretary awards the contract under paragraph (4) and ending on September 30, 2018. 
‘‘(B) Each fiscal year beginning on or after 
October 1, 2018. 
‘‘(4) Not later than 180 days after the date 
of the enactment of this section, the Sec-retary shall seek to enter into a contract with an independent third party unaffiliated with the Department of Veterans Affairs to conduct evaluations under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(5) The independent third party that is 
awarded the contract under paragraph (4) shall submit to the Secretary each evalua-tion conducted under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(b) A
NNUAL SUBMISSION .—Not later than 
December 1, 2018, and each year thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report that contains the following: 
‘‘(1) The most recent evaluations sub-
mitted to the Secretary under subsection (a)(5) that the Secretary has not previously submitted to such Committees. 
‘‘(2) Any recommendations the Secretary 
considers appropriate.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1709A the following new item: 
‘‘1709B. Evaluations of mental health care 
and suicide prevention pro-grams.’’. 
(b) I
NTERIM REPORTS .—Not later than Sep-
tember 30 of each of 2016 and 2017, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, in coordination with the independent third party awarded a contract by the Secretary pursuant to sec-tion 1709B(a)(4) of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1), shall sub-mit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a re-port on the mental health care and suicide prevention programs carried out under the laws administered by the Secretary that in-cludes, with respect to each such program, the following: 
(1) A description of the program. (2) The number of veterans served by the 
program. 
(3) The budget of the program. (4) The number of full-time equivalent em-
ployees assigned to the program. 
(5) Whether veterans may repeat participa-
tion in the program or participate in the pro-gram in addition to other similar programs. 
(6) Any study results or research published 
regarding the efficacy of the program. 
(7) Any other information the Secretary 
determines appropriate. 
SEC. 3. PUBLICATION OF INTERNET WEBSITE TO 
PROVIDE INFORMATION REGARDING MENTAL HEALTH CARE SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Using funds made avail-
able to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to publish the Internet websites of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, the Secretary shall survey the existing Internet websites and in-formation resources of the Department to publish an Internet website that serves as a centralized source to provide veterans with information regarding all of the mental health care services provided by the Sec-retary. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The Internet website pub-
lished under subsection (a) shall provide to veterans information regarding all of the mental health care services available in the Veteran Integrated Service Network that the veteran is seeking such services, including, with respect to each medical center, Vet Center (as defined in section 1712A of title 38, United States Code), and community-based outpatient center in the Veterans Integrated Service Network— 
(1) the name and contact information of 
each social work office; 
(2) the name and contact information of 
each mental health clinic; 
(3) a list of appropriate staff; and (4) any other information the Secretary de-
termines appropriate. 
(c) U
PDATED INFORMATION .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that the information described in subsection (b) that is published on the Internet website under subsection (a) is up-dated not less than once every 90 days. 
(d) O
UTREACH .—In carrying out this sec-
tion, the Secretary shall ensure that the out-reach conducted under section 1720F(i) of title 38, United States Code, includes infor-mation regarding the Internet website pub-lished under subsection (a). 
SEC. 4. PILOT PROGRAM FOR REPAYMENT OF 
EDUCATIONAL LOANS FOR CERTAIN PSYCHIATRISTS OF VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs shall carry out a pilot program to repay loans of individuals described in subsection (b) that— 
(1) were used by such individuals to finance 
education relating to psychiatric medicine, including education leading to— 
(A) a degree of doctor of medicine; or (B) a degree of doctor of osteopathy; and (2) were obtained from any of the fol-
lowing: 
(A) A governmental entity. (B) A private financial institution. (C) A school. (D) Any other authorized entity as deter-
mined by the Secretary. 
(b) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
an individual eligible for participation in the pilot program is an individual who— 
(A) either— (i) is licensed or eligible for licensure to 
practice psychiatric medicine in the Vet-erans Health Administration of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; or 
(ii) is enrolled in the final year of a resi-
dency program leading to a specialty quali-fication in psychiatric medicine that is ap-proved by the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education; and 
(B) demonstrates a commitment to a long- 
term career as a psychiatrist in the Veterans Health Administration, as determined by the Secretary. 
(2) P
ROHIBITION ON SIMULTANEOUS ELIGI -
BILITY .—An individual who is participating 
in any other program of the Federal Govern-ment that repays the educational loans of the individual is not eligible to participate in the pilot program. 
(c) S
ELECTION .—The Secretary shall select 
not less than 10 individuals described in sub-section (b) to participate in the pilot pro-gram for each year in which the Secretary carries out the pilot program. 
(d) P
ERIOD OF OBLIGATED SERVICE .—The 
Secretary shall enter into an agreement with each individual selected under subsection (c) in which such individual agrees to serve a pe-riod of 2 or more years of obligated service for the Veterans Health Administration in the field of psychiatric medicine, as deter-mined by the Secretary. 
(e) L
OANREPAYMENTS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.011 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H197 January 12, 2015 
(1) A MOUNTS .—Subject to paragraph (2), a 
loan repayment under this section may con-sist of payment of the principal, interest, and related expenses of a loan obtained by an individual who is participating in the pilot program for all educational expenses (includ-ing tuition, fees, books, and laboratory ex-penses) of such individual relating to edu-cation described in subsection (a)(1). 
(2) L
IMIT.—For each year of obligated serv-
ice that an individual who is participating in the pilot program agrees to serve under sub-section (d), the Secretary may pay not more than $30,000 in loan repayment on behalf of such individual. 
(f) B
REACH .— 
(1) L IABILITY .—An individual who partici-
pates in the pilot program and fails to sat-isfy the period of obligated service under subsection (d) shall be liable to the United States, in lieu of such obligated service, for the amount that has been paid or is payable to or on behalf of the individual under the pilot program, reduced by the proportion that the number of days served for comple-tion of the period of obligated service bears to the total number of days in the period of obligated service of such individual. 
(2) R
EPAYMENT PERIOD .—Any amount of 
damages that the United States is entitled to recover under this subsection shall be paid to the United States not later than 1 year after the date of the breach of the agree-ment. 
(g) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date on which the pilot program under subsection (a) commences, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the pilot pro-gram. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) The number of individuals who partici-
pated in the pilot program, including the number of new hires. 
(B) The locations in which such individuals 
were employed by the Department, including how many such locations were rural or urban locations. 
(C) An assessment of the quality of the 
work performed by such individuals in the course of such employment, including the performance reviews of such individuals. 
(D) The number of psychiatrists the Sec-
retary determines is needed by the Depart-ment in the future. 
(3) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 90 days 
before the date on which the pilot program terminates under subsection (i), the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives an update to the report sub-mitted under paragraph (1) and any rec-ommendations that the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(h) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall pre-
scribe regulations to carry out this section, 
including standards for qualified loans and authorized payees and other terms and con-ditions for the making of loan repayments. 
(i) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to carry 
out the pilot program shall expire on the date that is 3 years after the date on which the Secretary commences the pilot program. 
SEC. 5. PILOT PROGRAM ON COMMUNITY OUT-
REACH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs shall establish a pilot program to assist veterans transitioning from serving on active duty and to improve the access of veterans to mental health services. 
(b) L
OCATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry 
out the pilot program under subsection (a) at not less than five Veterans Integrated Serv-ice Networks that have a large population of 
veterans who— 
(1) served in the reserve components of the 
Armed Forces; or 
(2) are transitioning into communities 
with an established population of veterans after having recently separated from the Armed Forces. 
(c) F
UNCTIONS .—The pilot program at each 
Veterans Integrated Service Network de-scribed in subsection (b) shall include the following: 
(1) A community oriented veteran peer 
support network, carried out in partnership with an appropriate entity with experience in peer support programs, that— 
(A) establishes peer support training guide-
lines; 
(B) develops a network of veteran peer sup-
port counselors to meet the demands of the communities in the Veterans Integrated Service Network; 
(C) conducts training of veteran peer sup-
port counselors; 
(D) with respect to one medical center se-
lected by the Secretary in each such Vet-erans Integrated Service Network, has— 
(i) a designated peer support specialist who 
acts as a liaison to the community oriented veteran peer network; and 
(ii) a certified mental health professional 
designated as the community oriented vet-eran peer network mentor; and 
(E) is readily available to veterans, includ-
ing pursuant to the Veterans Integrated Service Network cooperating and working with State and local governments and appro-priate entities. 
(2) A community outreach team for each 
medical center selected by the Secretary pursuant to paragraph (1)(D) that— 
(A) assists veterans transitioning into 
communities; 
(B) establishes a veteran transition advi-
sory group to facilitate outreach activities; 
(C) includes the participation of appro-
priate community organizations, State and local governments, colleges and universities, chambers of commerce and other local busi-ness organizations, and organizations that provide legal aid or advice; and 
(D) coordinates with the Veterans Inte-
grated Service Network regarding the Vet-erans Integrated Service Network carrying out an annual mental health summit to as-sess the status of veteran mental health care in the community and to develop new or in-novative means to provide mental health services to veterans. 
(d) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 18 
months after the date on which the pilot pro-gram under subsection (a) commences, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the pilot pro-gram. With respect to each Veterans Inte-grated Service Network described in sub-section (b), the report shall include— 
(A) a full description of the peer support 
model implemented under the pilot program, participation data, and data pertaining to past and current mental health related hos-pitalizations and fatalities; 
(B) recommendations on implementing 
peer support networks throughout the De-partment; 
(C) whether the mental health resources 
made available under the pilot program for members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces is effective; and 
(D) a full description of the activities and 
effectiveness of community outreach coordi-nating teams under the pilot program, in-cluding partnerships that have been estab-lished with appropriate entities. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 90 days 
before the date on which the pilot program terminates under subsection (e), the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives an update to the report sub-mitted under paragraph (1). 
(e) C
ONSTRUCTION .—This section may not 
be construed to authorize the Secretary to hire additional employees of the Department to carry out the pilot program under sub-section (a). 
(f) T
ERMINATION .—The authority of the 
Secretary to carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is 3 years after the date on which the pilot program commences. 
SEC. 6. COLLABORATION ON SUICIDE PREVEN-
TION EFFORTS BETWEEN DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS AND NON-PROFIT MENTAL HEALTH OR-GANIZATIONS. 
(a) C OLLABORATION .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs may collaborate with non-prof-it mental health organizations to prevent suicide among veterans as follows: 
(1) To improve the efficiency and effective-
ness of suicide prevention efforts carried out by the Secretary and non-profit mental health organizations. 
(2) To assist non-profit mental health orga-
nizations with the suicide prevention efforts of such organizations through the use of the expertise of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
(3) To jointly carry out suicide prevention 
efforts. 
(b) E
XCHANGE OF RESOURCES .—In carrying 
out any collaboration under subsection (a), the Secretary and any non-profit mental health organization with which the Sec-retary is collaborating under such subsection shall exchange training sessions and best practices to help with the suicide prevention efforts of the Department and such organiza-tion. 
(c) D
IRECTOR OF SUICIDE PREVENTION CO-
ORDINATION .—The Secretary shall select 
within the Department a Director of Suicide Prevention Coordination to undertake any collaboration with non-profit mental health organizations under this section or any other provision of law. 
SEC. 7. ADDITIONAL PERIOD OF ELIGIBILITY FOR 
HEALTH CARE FOR CERTAIN VET-ERANS OF COMBAT SERVICE DUR-ING CERTAIN PERIODS OF HOS-TILITIES AND WAR. 
Paragraph (3) of section 1710(e) of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) In the case of care for a veteran de-
scribed in paragraph (1)(D), hospital care, 
medical services, and nursing home care may be provided under or by virtue of subsection (a)(2)(F) only during the following periods: 
‘‘(A) Except as provided by subparagraph 
(B), with respect to a veteran described in paragraph (1)(D) who is discharged or re-leased from the active military, naval, or air service after January 27, 2003, the five-year period beginning on the date of such dis-charge or release. 
‘‘(B) With respect to a veteran described in 
paragraph (1)(D) who is discharged or re-leased from the active military, naval, or air service after January 1, 2009, and before Jan-uary 1, 2011, but did not enroll to receive such hospital care, medical services, or nurs-ing home care pursuant to such paragraph during the five-year period described in sub-paragraph (A), the one-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Vet-erans Act. 
‘‘(C) With respect to a veteran described in 
paragraph (1)(D) who is discharged or re-leased from the active military, naval, or air 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.002 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H198 January 12, 2015 
service on or before January 27, 2003, and did 
not enroll in the patient enrollment system under section 1705 of this title on or before such date, the three-year period beginning on January 27, 2008.’’. 
SEC. 8. PROHIBITION ON NEW APPROPRIATIONS. 
No additional funds are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out this Act and the 
amendments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise made available for such purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gentle-
woman from Florida (Ms. B ROWN ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in proud 
support of H.R. 203, the Clay Hunt SAV Act. This bill was introduced by my good friend and a very important mem-ber of the Veterans Affairs’ Committee, Congressman T
IMWALZ from Min-
nesota. I am honored to join him and Congresswoman T
AMMY DUCKWORTH  
from Illinois as an original cosponsor of this legislation. I am also grateful for the support of several of our mili-tary veterans’ service organizations, including the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion, the Disabled American Veterans, the Military Officers Association of Amer-ica, and the Wounded Warrior Project. 
H.R. 203 is named after a true Amer-
ican hero, Clay Hunt. Clay was a Ma-rine Corps veteran who served honor-ably in both Afghanistan and Iraq, where he was wounded in battle. Clay returned home grappling with posttraumatic stress disorder but re-fused to let his personal struggles pre-vent him from devoting his time to hu-manitarian work and advocacy on be-half of his fellow veterans. However, in March of 2011, at just 28 years of age, Clay took his own life. 
With an average of 22 veterans com-
mitting suicide each day, Clay was far from alone in his pain, and his family and friends are far from alone in their heartbreak over his loss. The last sev-eral years have seen significant in-creases in the Department of Veterans Affairs’ mental health and suicide pre-vention budget, staff, and programs; however, we have not seen a cor-responding decrease in the number of our Nation’s heroes who take their own lives. What is more, for some groups of veterans, including female veterans and veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan, suicide rates are actually getting worse. Mr. Speaker, we have got to do more 
to help these veterans access the sup-portive services and mental health care that they need to save their lives. With the passage of H.R. 203, we will. 
To improve the efficiency and effec-
tiveness of VA programs and increase awareness of available services, H.R. 203 would require an annual third-party evaluation of VA’s mental health care and suicide prevention programs and require that VA publish an interactive Web site to serve as a central source of information regarding VA mental health services. 
To increase VA’s capacity to meet 
the mental health care needs of our veterans, it would establish a pilot pro-gram that would repay education loans for individuals who have received a de-gree in psychiatric medicine and who agree to work at the VA for at least 2 years. 
To create a seamless transition from 
Active Duty to veteran status and in-creased community support for those in need, it would establish another pilot program to assist veterans during transition and require VA to collabo-rate with nonprofit mental health or-ganizations in the community. 
Importantly, H.R. 203 would extend 
an additional 1 year of eligibility for VA health care services for certain combat veterans who have not yet en-rolled and whose 5-year combat eligi-bility period recently expired. 
Before I yield, I want to take a mo-
ment to once again express my condo-lences to Clay’s family and friends as well as the families and friends of our honored veterans who have lost their lives to suicide. I want to offer them my personal commitment to continue the aggressive pursuit to end veteran suicide. 
The passage of this bill today is just 
the first in what will be a continuing series of legislative and oversight ef-forts that our committee is going to undertake throughout the 114th Con-gress to improve access to mental health care for veterans in need, in-crease the efficiency and effectiveness of VA’s mental health and suicide pre-vention programs, and increase mean-ingful partnerships with community providers who are often the first line of defense for their struggling veterans and the families of those veterans. 
This bill, which passed the House last 
Congress, will not single-handedly halt the scourge of veteran suicide, but it is an important step, and it is a step that we owe Clay and those like him who desperately need and certainly deserve our help. 
With that, I urge all of my colleagues 
to join me in supporting H.R. 203. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
203, the Clay Hunt SAV Act. This legis-lation passed the House last month in the closing days of the 113th Congress. I am pleased that we were able to act 
on this measure as one of the first items of business in the 114th Congress. 
Providing the mental health care 
that veterans need and effectively deal-ing with the crisis of veteran suicides have been longstanding concerns of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. War is indeed terrible, and the effects of com-bat and service on our veterans lasts a lifetime. For far too long, society—and the military culture itself—has acted as if the need for mental health care treatment is a weakness and has dis-couraged adequate treatment. This at-titude is changing, but it cannot change fast enough. In the area of men-tal health for our veterans and return-ing servicemembers, there is no easy answer or quick fix. 
I appreciate the work of my friend 
from Minnesota, T
IMWALZ; Chairman 
MILLER ; and all of my colleagues on 
the committee in fashioning a bill that I believe will make a difference in the lives of our veterans. 
H.R. 203 takes a number of important 
steps, including improving the safety net for at-risk veterans, while also in-troducing some accountability into the VA mental health care and suicide pre-vention program, using a third-party evaluation. It will provide veterans with a Web site that will serve as a centralized source of information on mental health services. 
H.R. 203 initiates a program to help 
address some of the glaring mental health personnel shortages at the VA. While the incentives in this bill are limited to the psychiatry field, I would like to see this effort expanded in the future to all the mental health profes-sional shortfalls. 
b1715 
H.R. 203 would expand peer support 
networks, which we have heard are quite effectively used. And I believe the reporting requirement in this bill will confirm that additional resources should be permanently dedicated to fully utilizing peer support. 
H.R. 203 would also provide an addi-
tional window of eligibility for combat veterans who may have missed the win-dow of opportunity to sign up for VA health care. This extra time will help to ensure that veterans receive the health care, including mental health care, that they need. 
I thank the chairman for working to 
bring this bill up quickly so that the House can act and send this important measure to the Senate. I look forward to working with Chairman M
ILLER , and 
with Florida being the State with the second-largest population of veterans and the most senior population, I know that the committee will do a good job having two of the leadership team from Florida. 
But let me be clear: there are 435 
Members of Congress, and each of them have veterans in their district, and we will work to make sure that all vet-erans get the care that they have earned and deserve. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.002 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H199 January 12, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank the new ranking member for her words. I look forward to working with her on legislation in the future. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from the Second District of Indiana, from Elk-hart, Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ). 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the distinguished gentleman from Florida for yielding, and I am grateful to be here today to support the Clay Hunt SAV Act. 
Every day, 22 veterans take their 
own lives. We have all experienced this in our districts; I have as well. 
On March 31, 2011, Clay Hunt was one 
of those 22 veterans that day who took his own life. Today, we honor Clay and his family with the Clay Hunt SAV Act. 
Clay’s story was one of bravery and 
dedication. He relied on the VA for care and received a 30 percent dis-ability rating for PTSD brought on during his service. He appealed the rat-ing and encountered a bureaucratic nightmare. 
Clay had to wait months to see a psy-
chiatrist at a VA Medical Center. Two weeks later, Clay took his own life. 
Five weeks after his death and 18 
months after filing an appeal with the VA for his PTSD rating, his appeal was approved. 
Clay’s story details the urgency that 
our Nation’s heroes deserve. The Clay Hunt SAV Act will increase access to mental health care and improve the quality of care troops and veterans re-ceive. 
Together, we can change this system 
so that no other veteran ever has to en-dure what thousands of veterans have already gone through, including Clay. 
I am honored to stand here today and 
am grateful to my colleagues. I urge support for this legislation. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Florida has 16
1⁄2min-
utes remaining. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ). 
Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
ranking member for your support of this important piece of legislation. 
As you heard, we are here once again. 
We had a piece of legislation that at-tempted to, as I think the chairman spoke about, address an issue that cuts to the heart and the soul of this Na-tion: When our warriors come home, how can we reintegrate them? 
And I think it is important, and I 
want to thank the chairman, one, for working so diligently on many numer-ous issues, but on this piece of legisla-tion, and for bringing it back up again, but I think also for setting an example. 
The Nation expects us to do what is 
right by our warriors. They expect us to work together to find solutions. Something that we do in the com-mittee is looking and seeing where we 
can improve and pointing out where there are faults. 
But that is not good enough. Point-
ing out the faults is one thing, and it is important. Finding solutions is what really matters, and this piece of legis-lation, I think, starts to do that. 
To my colleagues who are here, I 
would say this. We can certainly dis-agree and disagree strongly and pas-sionately. But I think if the public knew and they could feel it and, I think, in this piece of legislation see it, there are many more things that bind us together, and our care and our com-mitment for our warriors is one of those. 
This is a piece of legislation that 
wasn’t just written here in the Halls of Congress. It was written by the fami-lies, Susan and Richard Selke, Clay’s parents; by the Houghtalings in Min-nesota; and the Kellys in New Ulm, Minnesota; and each of these Members that you hear speak about it. 
Since we passed this legislation, and 
it failed in the Senate, over 750 vet-erans have taken their lives. 
Many times down here, we feel like 
everything we do is the most impor-tant thing that needs to happen now. Rarely is that true. In this case, it is. 
We can’t wait another day. We can’t 
pass this problem forward because it is not only ripping at families, it is rip-ping at our Nation. These are our best and brightest. 
You heard about Clay. Clay’s a Ma-
rine who went to Iraq. He got shot by a sniper and, as a Marine, that irri-tated him. It didn’t hurt him. He came back. He had his Purple Heart, and he could have come back and taken our thank yous. He didn’t. He went to Af-ghanistan to continue on. 
He knew the extremism that was 
threatening Iraq and Afghanistan would some day threaten this Nation, so he was forward. He did his time. 
After he came back, that wasn’t 
enough. He went to Haiti to help. After that, that wasn’t enough. He sat in our offices on numerous occasions working on everything from access to the VA to the things you heard the gentlelady talk about in Indiana that were caus-ing frustration amongst our veterans. 
And I think for me the thing is, like 
for so many of us, Clay appeared to have everything. He appeared that he knew and was competent and had it there, but we all know that they have demons, and Clay had demons. 
So what this piece of legislation 
does—you heard the specifics, and it does do specific things, and no one is claiming that this is going to be the fix. 
But I would make the case that what 
the Clay Hunt bill has done and what it has done amongst our partners in the veterans service organizations is made it absolutely clear we will not leave anyone behind. We will not turn a blind eye to this, and we will not rest until we at least make the attempt to get that number down to zero. We may never get there, but this piece of legis-
lation starts to address it. 
So I think it is important, and I want 
to thank the ranking member for being on this bill and putting it forward, and the chairman, who was an original au-thor of this and has been instrumental in making it happen. 
What we are doing here is not just 
passing legislation. What we are doing here is changing the attitudes, focusing the Nation’s attention on this, because I don’t care if it is Elkhart, Indiana, if it is Pensacola, Florida, or if it is Man-kato, Minnesota. 
When we go to talk to our constitu-
ents, regardless of their political leanings, they tell us, take care of our warriors, do what is right. Fix the sys-tem. 
This piece of legislation does that. It 
does it in a cost-effective, smart man-ner, and we have got the opportunity to start moving forward. 
I would say and encourage my col-
leagues, let’s pass this thing, but let’s not see it as an end result of a process we have been working on. Let’s see it as the first of many things to try and make changes to be smarter about how we use taxpayer dollars, but also to de-mand effectiveness, because Clay’s par-ents deserve that. Thousands of others across this Nation deserve that. 
The more than 1 million veterans 
that will return over the next few years are counting on us to put every-thing in place to provide that help. 
So I encourage my colleagues, sup-
port this legislation. I encourage my colleagues, take this as an example. 
I want to thank Speaker B
OEHNER  
and Majority Leader M CCARTHY for 
making it a priority. I think it speaks volumes. This piece of legislation is on the floor in the first week. That says something, that there is a commitment to getting it right, there is a commit-ment to working together, and there is a commitment to showing effectiveness for the American people. 
So, we have got that opportunity. I 
ask my colleagues to support this leg-islation, get engaged with what is hap-pening with our veterans, and let’s prove that their service was not in vain, that this democracy is strong, that our commitment to them is un-wavering and that, at the end of the day, that is what really matters. 
Mr. Speaker, I am very grateful for the op-
portunity to again tell you about a very impor-tant piece of legislation that will help in our fight to improve mental health care for our re-turning warriors: H.R. 203, the Clay Hunt SAV Act. I’d like to thank the Chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Committee, Mr. M
IL-
LER, and Rep. D UCKWORTH for continuing to 
be my partners in this effort. I’d also like to thank Speaker B
OEHNER for bringing this to 
the floor swiftly. And, a big thank you to Sen-ators M
CCAIN, BURR, BLUMENTHAL , and I SAK-
SON for all their work on the SAV Act. Most 
importantly, I’d like to thank Clay’s parents, Susan and Richard Selke. They are holding Congress’ feet to the fire to make sure we get this done and to prevent another family from going through what they continue to go 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.013 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H200 January 12, 2015 
through each and every day. We cannot let 
them down. 
H.R. 203, the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention 
for American Veterans Act, is an example of how we can work together on Capitol Hill. The legislation is named in honor of Iraq and Af-ghanistan War Veteran and suicide prevention advocate, Clay Hunt. Clay epitomized what it meant to live a life of service, both in and out of uniform. He helped countless veterans overcome their demons but tragically took his own life in March of 2011. The legacy he left behind, however, will live on for generations to come. 
The bill you see before you was the result 
of strong partnerships with our veteran service organizations, strong bipartisan efforts here in Congress, and the resolve of Clay’s parents pushing and pushing and pushing to get this thing done. This bill is what you get when you have folks sitting around the table, trusting one another, and working together to get it right for our nation’s veterans. 
Our premise for this bill was simple: suicide 
occurs because many vets return to their com-munity and then disconnect from it. So, we wanted to create a bill that would get the com-munities involved and coordinated. We also knew it would be important to increase both oversight of the VA and their capacity to deal with over a million veterans returning from war. 
Specifically, the bill: 1. Establishes a peer support and commu-
nity outreach pilot program to assist transitioning servicemembers with accessing VA mental health care services. 
2. Requires the VA to create a one-stop, 
interactive website to serve as a centralized source of information regarding all mental health services for veterans. 
3. Addresses the shortage of mental health 
care professionals by authorizing the VA to conduct a student loan repayment pilot pro-gram aimed at recruiting and retaining psychi-atrists. 
4. Requires yearly evaluations—with interim 
reports due in the first two years and a final report due the third year and every year after—conducted by a third party, of all mental health care and suicide prevention practices and programs at the VA to find out what is working and what’s not working and to make recommendations to improve care. Authorizes a Government Accountability Office (GAO) re-port on the transition of care for PTSD and TBI between the DoD and the VA. 
One veteran lost to suicide is one too many. 
With many of our warriors returning from war, all too often our heroes return only to face a 
war of their own at home. While there is no bill that will completely end veteran suicide, this bipartisan measure is a step in the right direc-tion. In short, it’s a start towards fixing a prob-lem, but we must not lose focus on this prob-lem after passing this bill. We must continue working to improve care for our veterans. I urge my colleagues to support this measure so that we can send it over to the Senate and onto the President swiftly. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the Sixth District of Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ), a new member of 
the committee, who, in his first week, has already jumped in with both feet. Mr. C
OSTELLO has been to my office 
and started looking closely at the over-sight agenda that we have. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. I 
thank the distinguished gentleman from Florida for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand here today to 
express my support of Congressman T
IMWALZ’s Clay Hunt Suicide Preven-
tion for American Veterans Act. 
It is a privilege to serve on the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and in this Congress, to work to improve the quality of life for our Nation’s vet-erans, their families, and their care-givers. 
In the coming months, I look forward 
to working in a bipartisan, common-sense manner with dedicated Members and veterans like my colleague from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) to find solutions 
to help our Nation’s veterans transi-tion to civilian life. 
One of the most critical areas that 
we as a committee and Congress must work to establish is comprehensive, timely, responsive, and effective men-tal health care services for our post- 9/11 veterans, many of whom have served our country for multiple deploy-ments in conditions not witnessed or experienced by any other generation of soldier. 
This bill first prioritizes bringing ac-
countability to the VA. By bringing in a third party to conduct an annual evaluation within the Department of Veterans Affairs, we can better provide agency accountability by doing just this. 
Second, we must provide better ac-
cess to mental health services for our veterans and their families. This bill does just that. 
Finally, it helps facilitate and in-
crease awareness for peer and commu-nity support providers for our veterans and their families. 
This commonsense legislation works 
towards those priorities of providing an accountable and supportive VA for our veterans, in furtherance of helping vet-erans get the best treatment possible. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this commonsense legislation to promote mental health support for our Nation’s heroes and thank Con-gressman W
ALZ for his leadership on 
this important legislation. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
this is an appropriate and wonderful statement of two distinguished Mem-bers of Congress, the chairman and ranking member of the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee, and I associate my-self with their words on how crucial this legislation is, and what an impor-tant statement the Veterans’ Affairs Committee is making: that there is no party affiliation when it comes to sav-ing the lives of our men and women who put on the uniform. 
To the author of this bill, Mr. W
ALZ, 
as I chatted with him on the floor, I in-dicated to him that just this weekend I 
met for hours with two wounded war-riors, both of them having experience with PTSD, both of them being chal-lenged about the transition into civil-ian life, both of them knowing of this legislation, feeling left out and de-prived that it did not, despite the val-iant effort of this House, pass in the last Congress. 
So let me congratulate all of you for 
recognizing that this is a crucial, life-saving element of the men and women that we stand and admire and love. Every day, 22 veterans take their lives, but it is 8,000 a year. 
And if I might say, Texas walks 
alongside of Florida and other States in having the highest number of re-turning vets. Two million served in Iraq and Afghanistan across the Na-tion. Now, one-third, 600,000, have expe-rienced traumatic brain injury and PTSD. 
From the early years of working with 
then-Chairman and Ranking Member Murtha, I was privileged to bring $1 million to my district for PTSD, but that is not the heart of it. 
The bleeding and the sorrow of these 
men and women is not befitting of the service and the uniform that they put on. Not one moment should they wait at a veterans hospital for treatment for PTSD that should keep them grounded. Not one moment should they be alone contemplating suicide, without treat-ment and friends and family having as-sistance. 
This bill makes that statement, H.R. 
203, the Clay Hunt SAV Act. It says that you are not alone and that we have put our actions where our words are. We have walked the walk. 
So I want to say to those wounded 
warriors who shared their heart with me, proudly come back and say: This bill is moving, and as it moves to the United States Senate, this bill is mov-ing. And as we look to the President’s desk, a signature will allow this bill to be in place. 
To those who missed the deadline, 
this law will allow you to still be able to receive that treatment because it al-lows an extended time for those who have missed the deadline. 
I know as I go back home to Texas 
and meet families that they are look-ing for action when it comes to our be-loved veterans and those who have put on the uniform to serve this Nation as they watched their comrades die. This is a bill that says, God bless America. 
b1730 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. I yield an ad-
ditional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. This is a bill 
that reflects the Constitution, the Dec-laration of Independence, and our won-derful Pledge of Allegiance to the flag of the United States of America. 
I want to say to my friends at Elling-
ton Field, which is just down the road 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.003 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H201 January 12, 2015 
from my congressional district, and to 
the many bases across the State of Texas that have amongst their ranks veterans who have served in Active Duty and who are still pressing forward in spite of conditions that they face, this is the bill that provides the answer and the love and affection for the vet-erans and military personnel who have put on the uniform every day and who have never—never once—shied away 
from their duty and decided that their lives and their ills were greater than their commitment to this Nation. 
We owe them this. This is a ‘‘God 
bless America’’ bill. I thank the pro-ponents of it. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I would like to inquire of the ranking member how many speakers she has left. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. The last 
speaker just finished. I have no addi-tional speakers. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. We have no 
additional speakers either, so we are prepared to close. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
It is unacceptable that 22 veterans 
are dying by suicide every day. We need to pull all stakeholders together to work as a group to solve the prob-lem. There is not one cause and not one answer. There are a multitude of an-swers and a multitude of causes and so-lutions. 
The Department of Defense, the VA, 
and the veterans service organizations need to work together to come up with many solutions that will meet the needs. There is not one solution but many. I pledge to work with my col-league from Minnesota and Chairman M
ILLER to address the issues in the up-
coming session. 
Access to mental health care and 
benefits for our veterans is an issue I plan to focus on in the months ahead, and I look forward to working with all of my colleagues to ensure that vet-erans are given the benefits and serv-ices that they have earned. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
ARSON ). 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. 
Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member, and certainly, I want to thank the chairman. I won’t take the 2 minutes, but I want to thank them for their incredible cooperation on this most important of issues. 
Derek Denfeld, from my district, lost 
his life. There has been sadness and the coming together of the community. Our hearts go out to his wife, Heather; to his son, Felix; and certainly to his parents, Deb and Chris, whom I know personally. 
I thank the ranking member. I thank 
the sergeant major for his sponsorship of this bill, and I thank the ranking 
member and the chairman for what is an important piece of legislation. 
As noted, we can’t wait another day 
for this to take effect. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
in closing, I appreciate the comments from both sides of the aisle, and I look forward to working with all of our col-leagues on future issues as they relate to the Department of Veterans Affairs and, in particular, the SAV Act. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I was 
pleased that my colleagues unanimously agreed during the 113th Congress that we must act to combat Veteran suicide and I am grateful that we are acting quickly in the first days of the 114th Congress to address this critical unfinished business. The statistics are heartbreaking. An average of 22 Veterans commit suicide every day. So each day that we delay action is a day we cannot afford. I was proud to help introduce HR. 5059, Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Vet-erans Act with Chairman J
EFF MILLER and 
Representative T IMWALZ. While there is no 
bill that will completely end Veteran suicide, this comprehensive measure is a step in the right direction. It will remove barriers that pre-vent our nation’s heroes from getting the qual-ity, timely mental health care that they de-serve. It is my sincere hope that my col-leagues in the Senate will take note of the mo-mentum in the House and bring this legislation to the Senate Floor as soon as possible. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 203. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PROTECTING VOLUNTEER FIRE-
FIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY RE-SPONDERS ACT 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 33) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 33 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting 
Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Re-sponders Act’’. SEC. 2. EMERGENCY SERVICES, GOVERNMENT, 
AND CERTAIN NONPROFIT VOLUN-TEERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4980H(c) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (6), (7), and (8), respectively, and by inserting after paragraph (4) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN EMER -
GENCY SERVICES , GOVERNMENT , AND NONPROFIT  
VOLUNTEERS .— 
‘‘(A) E MERGENCY SERVICES VOLUNTEERS .— 
Qualified services rendered as a bona fide volunteer to an eligible employer shall not be taken into account under this section as service provided by an employee. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the terms ‘qualified services’, ‘bona fide volunteer’, and ‘eligible employer’ shall have the respective meanings given such terms under section 457(e). 
‘‘(B) C
ERTAIN OTHER GOVERNMENT AND NON -
PROFIT VOLUNTEERS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Services rendered as a 
bona fide volunteer to a specified employer shall not be taken into account under this section as service provided by an employee. 
‘‘(ii) B
ONA FIDE VOLUNTEER .—For purposes 
of this subparagraph, the term ‘bona fide vol-unteer’ means an employee of a specified em-ployer whose only compensation from such employer is in the form of— 
‘‘(I) reimbursement for (or reasonable al-
lowance for) reasonable expenses incurred in the performance of services by volunteers, or 
‘‘(II) reasonable benefits (including length 
of service awards), and nominal fees, custom-arily paid by similar entities in connection with the performance of services by volun-teers. 
‘‘(iii) S
PECIFIED EMPLOYER .—For purposes 
of this subparagraph, the term ‘specified em-ployer’ means— 
‘‘(I) any government entity, and ‘‘(II) any organization described in section 
501(c) and exempt from tax under section 501(a). 
‘‘(iv) C
OORDINATION WITH SUBPARAGRAPH  
(A).—This subparagraph shall not fail to apply with respect to services merely be-cause such services are qualified services (as defined in section 457(e)(11)(C)).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2013. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) and the gen-
tleman from Connecticut (Mr. L ARSON ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 33, currently under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I am here bringing forward Mr. 
B
ARLETTA ’s bill, and it is really simple. 
One of the cornerstones of our civil so-ciety—one of the great pieces of the American story—is volunteerism but, in particular, volunteerism among our first responders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.016 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H202 January 12, 2015 
So many of us represent congres-
sional districts that thrive on and exist on and preserve their safety on volun-teer firefighters and first responders. Unfortunately, in the Affordable Care Act, there is a huge glitch. Under ObamaCare, volunteer firefighters and first responders are counted in many ways as if they were full-time equiva-lent employees, and therefore, volun-teer fire departments are getting hit with enormous fines, mandates, and taxes. 
It shouldn’t be that way. It is causing 
a huge paperwork burden, not to men-tion a fiscal drain on the budgets of these small fire departments and emer-gency responding agencies in our com-munities and in rural areas all across America. This legislation fixes this. 
I want to thank Congressman 
B
ARLETTA for introducing this because 
he clearly understands as a former mayor and as someone who represents Pennsylvania, which I know has a lot of volunteer firefighters just like we do in rural Wisconsin, that these are the lifeblood of our communities. 
The last thing that they need to do 
when they are so concerned about pre-serving public safety and health is to worry about all of these ObamaCare mandates. Mr. B
ARLETTA ’s bill pre-
serves the freedom to operate for our 780,000 public service volunteer fire-fighters. It removes this mandate and exempts them from this onerous man-date, so they can continue providing the public service that they have been right now. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ), the author of this legisla-
tion. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Thank you, Mr. 
Chairman. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of my bill, H.R. 33, the Protecting Vol-unteer Firefighters and Emergency Re-sponders Act. 
This is a good, truly bipartisan bill 
that protects our first responders, our volunteer firefighters, and emergency services personnel. It protects them by ensuring that they are not considered employees under the employer man-date provision of ObamaCare. 
If they were, some fire companies 
would be forced to pay for the volun-
teers’ health insurance or pay a fine, driving many fire departments out of business. As a former mayor, I know how important volunteer fire compa-nies are to the health and safety of a community. Simply put, this is a pub-lic safety issue. 
I first learned about this issue from a 
volunteer firefighter, Bob Timko, back home, and I began a crusade to clear this up for volunteer firefighters and localities and the residents of Pennsyl-vania and every other State. 
As you know, the employer mandate 
of ObamaCare kicks in for employers with 50 or more employees. Now, some fire companies may hear about this and immediately think, ‘‘Well, we only have 25 volunteers, so we are safe. We don’t have 50.’’ That may not necessarily be the 
case. Some fire companies are consid-ered part of their local government. If you take the number of firefighters, paid and unpaid, and add them to the number of other public employees, such as highway workers, police, code en-forcement officers, health officers, and clerical workers, you can easily reach 50, even in a small town. 
This would be a very big deal in my 
home State of Pennsylvania, where 97 percent of our fire companies are ei-ther completely or mostly volunteers. Nationally, almost 92 percent of fire companies use at least some volun-teers, and over 86 percent depend on all or mostly volunteers. 
Those numbers come from the 2012 
National Fire Department Census con-ducted by the United States Fire Ad-ministration. If your district is like mine, then volunteer firefighters are ingrained in your community. 
We won an initial battle on this 
issue. After I raised it with the IRS and brought pressure to bear through this legislation, they finally relented and changed their rules regarding the Fed-eral tax status of volunteer fire-fighters. 
However, this is too important of a 
public safety issue to be left to the changing positions of unelected Fed-eral bureaucrats at the IRS. Their arbi-trary regulatory guidance could easily be changed back. 
Our people back home deserve better. 
We owe our emergency service volun-teers, who risk their lives every day, rock-solid certainty. This legislation says, once and for all, that volunteer firefighters are just that—volunteers— and should not be subjected to the em-ployer mandate. It takes away the power of the IRS to change the rules. 
I want to thank my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle for their contin-ued support. Last year, this bill passed the Ways and Means Committee by a strong bipartisan vote of 37–0, and it passed the House by a very rare unani-mous vote of 410–0. Not one single Member, Republican or Democrat, op-posed it. 
I want to thank Speaker B
OEHNER , 
Majority Leader M CCARTHY , Majority 
Whip S CALISE , the Ways and Means 
Committee, and their staffs. We all rec-ognize that my bill is a simple, bipar-tisan solution to an unforeseen con-sequence of the President’s health care law. 
This bill has the strong support of 
the National Volunteer Fire Council, the International Association of Fire Chiefs, and the Congressional Fire Services Institute. I want to thank my partners, as well as the men and women they represent, for their help. 
To be clear, forcing volunteer fire 
companies to comply with ObamaCare will not extend health insurance to the uninsured; rather, it will close 
firehouses, placing people at risk. 
I strongly urge the passage of this 
bill. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to start off by certainly ex-
tending congratulations to Representa-tive B
ARLETTA for his persistency in 
continuing to bring this legislation for-ward. As he has pointed out, it has been bipartisanly supported, and it de-serves passage. It passed unanimously, as he indicated, in both the Ways and Means Committee and also unani-mously on this floor, which is no small order. 
Of course, it comes in the midst of 
controversy. I say ‘‘controversy’’ be-cause—well, our distinguished chair-man is to be congratulated as well for not only bringing this bill forward, but also for the great victory that was won by the Green Bay Packers yesterday. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. In a 
moment, because I do want to continue my praise of the Aaron Rodgers look- alike. 
Today, our distinguished chairman 
announced that he is not running for President. We think that it is so that his look-alike, Aaron Rodgers, may fill that void. I know that it was an out-
standing victory by the Packers yes-terday, but it was not without con-troversy on our own committee. 
I know that K
ENNY MARCHANT , KEVIN 
BRADY , and S AMJOHNSON are very con-
cerned about this, but as the chairman said, ‘‘The rules are the rules,’’ and we should proceed from there. 
b1745 
But I also want to thank all of those, 
and especially the chairman, who raised the point about volunteer fire-fighters. All of us have that visual in our minds, of course, of those going up the stairs so that people can come down the stairs. And since September 11, and noting that volunteer fire-fighters cover more than 70 percent of this country, this clearly is a bill that was worthy of the unanimous approval and consent that it received and, as I indicated, is bipartisanly supported by our entire delegation. 
I want to commend the gentleman 
from Connecticut, Representative C
OURTNEY , who will speak later, and 
also the gentlewoman from Con-necticut, Representative E
STY, and 
also the National Volunteer Fire Coun-cil, which has been 1,000 percent behind this and also other tax issues that are going to be coming before our com-mittee that have been bipartisanly sup-ported as well by Representative R
EICHERT , Tom Latham, and others. 
And I know that we share the bipar-tisan spirit in this. 
I also would like to say that, along 
with firefighters, the many people who are emergency medical volunteers could benefit from a number of volun-teer tax breaks that we could provide as well. I look forward to working with our distinguished chairman and, again, commend the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania, Representative B
ARLETTA . 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself 30 seconds to say that I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.018 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H203 January 12, 2015 
appreciate the kind words from the 
gentleman from Connecticut. 
This is bipartisan. It is wonderful 
when we can work together and find common ground to get things done and find common ground where the comple-tion of a pass is the completion of a pass, it is a rule. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Will the 
gentleman yield? 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I yield to 
the gentleman from Connecticut. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. We are 
especially gratified, though, in a true show of compassionate conservatism that you reached out to the chief fan of the Jersey Cowboys—excuse me—the Dallas Cowboys, Chris Christie, to pro-vide him with both a hug and a sincere gesture from Wisconsin. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Reclaiming 
my time, all in good jest. 
With that, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ), a member of the full com-
mittee. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in very strong support of H.R. 33, and I want to thank Speaker B
OEHNER and Majority Leader M CCAR-
THY for allowing this legislation to 
come forward so early in this Congress. 
I agree with the gentleman from Con-
necticut (Mr. L ARSON ). People always 
say: I wish you guys could get along; just get something done. This is some-thing that we overwhelmingly believe in and we are going to get done. 
I think that the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) has ex-
plained very clearly that it has to be-come statute. It can’t be left to be some nebulous fact that is rolling around out there. 
Now, these people who do this work— 
and in Pennsylvania, 97 percent, al-most eight out of every 10 firefighters come from the volunteer aspect of it; they are not paid. Yet because of some type of allowance they are given, they fall under the Affordable Care Act, and this would destroy volunteer fire de-partments as we know them. So what Mr. B
ARLETTA has very thoughtfully 
done is he has put forth a piece of legis-lation that would guarantee that these folks don’t have to worry about that. 
Now, I have got to tell you, in the lit-
tle town that I grew up in and live in, Butler, Pennsylvania, so many people volunteer their time to do the volun-teer fire fighting. They are also the EMS. They are the first responders. 
Last spring, one of our volunteer fire-
men by the name of Ryan Sekerski, on his way home from work, he heard over his scanner that a fuel truck had over-turned. The driver was trapped inside that truck. He then went to the scene of the accident, got his equipment that was in the trunk of his car, got out, and saved that driver’s life. These are the people that we are talking about. 
When you come to the people’s 
House, America’s House, America’s Congress, we look at the things that we can do together, things that just make sense. While we may disagree on some other aspects of what it is that we try 
to get done, on this, we are solid. This just makes sense for America. This makes sense for all those that lay their life on the line anytime there is an emergency or a fire. They do it volun-tarily. 
Hundreds and thousands of hours in 
training go into this. They spend time away from their families. They take time away from personal time, where they could be doing other things, to get trained so that they can help other Americans who may need their help. It is absolutely incredible. It is so Amer-ican. It is something we look at with a great sense of pride. 
And we went to the IRS and said: Lis-
ten, what we really need now is a stat-ute that guarantees that these volun-teer fire departments will not be put under pressure, where they would have to go out of business. 
This is not a health care issue, not as 
far as it is supplying health care or paying a fine for those that volunteer; but this is a health care issue for every single American for whom these people supply necessary services on a vol-untary basis to save their lives and their property. 
So I think the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) is a champion 
on this issue. He was in the last Con-gress and the fact that it has come for-ward again—it is so overwhelmingly supported by both sides of our House that it truly is America’s Congress. It truly is America’s issue. It truly is an issue that makes sense for all of us. It is maybe our small way of thanking all those folks that do that every day without any pay, just because of the greatness in their hearts. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. 
Speaker, I really deeply appreciate the words of my colleague and fellow mem-ber of the Ways and Means Committee. Again, I want to commend the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ). 
I want to submit for the R ECORD a 
letter from the Department of the Treasury that, at the bequest of a num-ber of Members bipartisanly submitted and they made the changes to the rules. 
B. E XCLUSIONS FROMDEFINITION OF HOUR OF  
SERVICE  
Commenters requested that hours of serv-
ice performed in certain capacities not be counted as an hour of service. The final regu-lations adopt the following changes in re-sponse to these comments. 
1. VOLUNTEER EMPLOYEES  
Commenters requested that hours of serv-
ice performed in the capacity of a volunteer for a government entity or tax-exempt orga-nization not be counted as hours of service for purposes of section 4980H. Under the defi-nition of hour of service outlined in these regulations, an hour of service is generally defined as an hour for which an employee is paid or entitled to payment. Accordingly, 
hours worked by a volunteer who does not receive (and is not entitled to receive) com-pensation in exchange for the performance of services are not treated as hours of service for purposes of section 4980H. 
Commenters noted, however, that some 
volunteers receive compensation in the form of expense reimbursements, stipends, con-
tributions to employee benefit plans, or nominal wages. Local governments, for in-stance, noted that many volunteer fire-fighters or other emergency responders are paid a salary or an hourly wage, generally at a rate lower than the rate paid to non-volun-teers performing services in a similar capac-ity. Other volunteer firefighters or emer-gency responders may receive expense reim-bursements or other fees each time they re-spond to a call. Commenters generally ex-pressed concern that volunteer service would be discouraged if volunteer hours were re-quired to be counted when determining 
whether the individual is a full-time em-ployee for purposes of section 4980H. 
In response to these concerns, the final 
regulations provide that hours of service do not include hours worked as a ‘‘bona fide vol-unteer.’’ For this purpose, the definition of ‘‘bona fide volunteer’’ is generally based on the definition of that term for purposes of section 457(e)(11)(B)(i), which provides spe-cial rules for length of service awards offered to certain volunteer firefighters and emer-gency medical providers under a municipal deferred compensation plan. For purposes of section 4980H, however, bona fide volunteers are not limited to volunteer firefighters and emergency medical providers. Rather, bona fide volunteers include any volunteer who is an employee of a government entity or an organization described in section 501(c) that is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) whose only compensation from that entity or organization is in the form of (i) reim-bursement for (or reasonable allowance for) reasonable expenses incurred in the perform-ance of services by volunteers, or (ii) reason-able benefits (including length of service awards), and nominal fees, customarily paid by similar entities in connection with the performance of services by volunteers. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. 
Speaker, I think it is both appropriate and right that we codify this and put it into a law. 
With that, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Connecticut, J
OE 
COURTNEY , one of the chief sponsors 
who, along with E LIZABETH ESTY, 
helped engineer this bill. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, first 
of all, I want to congratulate the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) for his leadership on this 
legislation, which has been noted. 
As we are standing here today, there 
are probably thousands of calls hap-pening all across the country for fire suppression, for medical emergencies, for people with all types of difficulties that volunteers—people who don’t have to step up and train and spend all the hours and be available at the expense of their family time and their work time—will respond to these calls. 
And for a lot of communities that 
rely on volunteers, the issue of recruit-ment and retention and just trying to make the environment conducive for people to make that act of volun-teering is a challenge that I think all of us hear about from our volunteer fire departments and first responders all across the Nation. 
So when this issue of the Affordable 
Care Act being possibly a requirement for the shared responsibilities of em-ployers was out there, again, I applaud Mr. B
ARLETTA for stepping up, intro-
ducing this legislation, and following 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.019 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H204 January 12, 2015 
up with mail to the IRS Commissioner. 
They did respond almost exactly a year ago, saying that the regulations would not count bona fide volunteers in terms of the 50-employee count. But as was noted, I think it is always better to have it in statute rather than rely on the whims of administrative agencies that can change with the change of ad-ministration. So again, I think this is an example of how the country really wants us to operate. 
Again, if you look at the Affordable 
Care Act, since its passage, we have worked together to eliminate the 1099 filing requirement; we have worked to-gether to make sure that our military families, through TRICARE, would have age 26 coverage, which was left out when the bill was initially filed; and here today, we are following up again with an example of commonsense fixes to the legislation, which is what I think the country really is looking for. 
I would also note that the gentleman 
from Connecticut (Mr. L
ARSON ) has leg-
islation to restore tax exclusions which were on the books a number of years ago to help volunteer fire departments use property tax exemptions and equip-ment donations that had been treated as income by the IRS in past years. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. I yield 
the gentleman an additional minute. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Unfortunately, 
those tax exemptions expired. And I know, again, the gentleman—and I am sure with bipartisan support—is going to introduce measures to bring those back and, again, allow these depart-ments that are struggling to retain and recruit to have the tools so that they can make it easier, rather than having to file 1040s and drive people crazy around tax filing time for things like boots and coats and a property tax ex-emption being treated as taxable in-come. 
So again, I look forward to the pas-
sage of this legislation with the huge bipartisan margin that we saw last year; and given the administration’s response to our entreaties, again, I fully expect that there will be a bill signing ceremony at the White House, assuming it gets through the Senate. Again, with that, I would urge passage. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I have no further requests for time other than to close. 
May I inquire of the gentleman from 
Connecticut? 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. I have 
no further requests for time. 
J
OECOURTNEY said, ‘‘Don’t forget to 
mention the Patriots,’’ so I would be remiss if I didn’t. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank Representative 
C
OURTNEY also for recognizing the Vol-
unteer Responder Incentive Protection Reauthorization Act, as I mentioned earlier, which is something that has 
been bipartisanly cosponsored in the past by Representatives R
EICHERT , 
Latham, myself, and others. 
The distinguished chairman and I, 
who are classmates, who came into this Congress together—he has also been a great proponent and advocate for mak-ing sure that these volunteers, who never were intended in both the case of Mr. B
ARLETTA and also in the case of 
the IRS, something that is administra-tively burdening for the IRS, this is, as Mr. K
ELLY so passionately said, some-
thing that is common sense, that we ought to work on together, and that we ought to provide the relief for, those who provide more than 70 percent of the volunteer aid across this country, especially when it comes to fighting fires. And our National Volunteer Fire Council is supportive of this as is the Fire Chiefs Association. I am looking forward to working with my colleagues across the aisle to ensure this. 
Again, with that, I commend and 
congratulate the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and 
thank him for his fine work in this area, and I look forward to supporting him on future endeavors. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself just a few moments to say to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
ARSON ), I appreciate him for his 
comity, for the bipartisan nature of this. 
I would say to the gentleman from 
Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ), first, 
they have to get through some tough luck—Andrew Luck, in particular—in order to make it to where they want to go. 
With that, for the purpose of closing 
on his own bill, I would like to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ). 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to thank my colleagues on both sides. There are very few times when you have a vote here that is unanimous, and it is for a simple rea-son. It is that everyone here under-stands and appreciates what these men and women in our communities are willing to do to make the community safe. 
You know, as a mayor, I have come 
to appreciate the volunteer firefighters more than I could ever imagine. Many times, I have watched them stand out in the middle of a road with a boot, trying to raise money so that they could buy gear or equipment or get more training. The volunteers ask very little of their community compared to what they are willing to give, and that is the ultimate sacrifice. They are will-ing to give their lives for people that they don’t even know. They are willing to walk into a burning fire. 
I can remember one night, our local 
fire department in Hazleton, Pennsyl-vania, they ran in, and they came out with a little baby whose life they saved. And I also remember a day when they couldn’t save a life and how it af-
fected every one of those men and women as if it were their own child. They have a lot to worry about, and what they shouldn’t worry about is where they are going to get money to provide health insurance or pay a fine. I am sure this was an unintended con-sequence, and we here recognize that. 
So again, I want to thank the chair-
man and my colleagues for standing with me and saluting the real Amer-ican heroes, the men and women who volunteer to save us, our first respond-ers. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 33. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 6 p.m.), the House 
stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ) at 6 o’clock and 
30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
Suspending the rules and passing 
H.R. 203; 
Suspending the rules and passing 
H.R. 33; 
Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of 
the Journal. 
The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
CLAY HUNT SUICIDE PREVENTION 
FOR AMERICAN VETERANS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.020 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H205 January 12, 2015 
bill (H.R. 203) to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to provide for the con-duct of annual evaluations of mental health care and suicide prevention pro-grams of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan repayment for psychiatrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 403, nays 0, not voting 29, as follows: 
[Roll No. 17] 
YEAS—403 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway 
Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle (PA) Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers Emmer Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger 
Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent 
Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—29 
Brady (TX) 
Carney Cohen Cummings DesJarlais Duckworth Gohmert Hahn Hice (GA) Katko Kelly (IL) Kinzinger (IL) 
Lee Lynch Murphy (FL) Perlmutter Pocan Rogers (AL) Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Schrader Smith (WA) Titus Valadao Walden Wasserman 
Schultz 
Westmoreland 
SWEARING IN OF MEMBERS -ELECT  
The SPEAKER (during the vote). 
During this vote the Chair will admin-ister the oath of office to several Mem-bers who have not yet had the oppor-tunity to have the oath of office ad-ministered to them. 
Will the Members-elect please 
present themselves in the well. 
Mr. C
ARTER of Texas, Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, and Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
California appeared at the bar of the House and took the oath of office, as follows: Do you solemnly swear that you will sup-
port and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the du-ties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations. You 
are now Members of the 114th Congress. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER  
The SPEAKER (during the vote). 
Under clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair announces to the House that, in light of the administration of the oath to the gentlewoman from California and the gentlemen from Alaska and Texas, the whole number of the House is now 433. 
b1900 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN changed 
her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROTECTING VOLUNTEER FIRE-
FIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY RE-SPONDERS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
B
YRNE ). The unfinished business is the 
vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 33) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 401, nays 0, not voting 31, as follows: 
[Roll No. 18] 
YEAS—401 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) 
Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne 
Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.022 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H206 January 12, 2015 
Coffman 
Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle (PA) Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers Emmer Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes 
Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis 
Lieu (CA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield 
Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—31 
Bost Brady (TX) Carney Cohen Cummings DesJarlais Duckworth Gohmert Hahn Hice (GA) Katko Kelly (IL) 
Kinzinger (IL) Lee Lynch Messer Murphy (FL) Perlmutter Pocan Rogers (AL) Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Schrader Smith (WA) Titus Valadao Walden Wasserman 
Schultz 
Westmoreland 
b1909 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 257, nays 128, not voting 47, as follows: 
[Roll No. 19] 
YEAS—257 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buck Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) 
Chabot Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Doyle (PA) Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards 
Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Grayson Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Himes Hinojosa Huelskamp Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jolly Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larson (CT) Levin Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers McNerney 
McSally Meadows Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pascrell Payne Pingree Polis Pompeo Posey Quigley Rangel Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner 
Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Takai Takano Thornberry Tiberi Tonko Torres Trott Upton Van Hollen Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—128 
Aguilar 
Amash Babin Benishek Bera Bishop (MI) Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Capuano Castor (FL) Chaffetz Clarke (NY) Clyburn Collins (GA) Connolly Costa Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis Dold Duffy Ellmers Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Fudge Garrett Gibbs Gibson Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Hanna Hastings 
Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Latta Lewis LoBiondo Love Maloney, Sean Matsui McGovern McKinley Meehan Miller (FL) Moore Mulvaney Nolan Norcross Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perry 
Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roe (TN) Ros-Lehtinen Sarbanes Schakowsky Schock Sewell (AL) Sires Slaughter Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton 
Turner Vargas Veasey Visclosky Walberg Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Wenstrup Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho 
NOT VOTING—47 
Bass 
Brady (TX) Carney 
Cohen Cummings 
DesJarlais 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.010 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H207 January 12, 2015 
Dingell 
Duckworth Gohmert Granger Graves (LA) Grijalva Hahn Hice (GA) Huffman Johnson (GA) Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kinzinger (IL) Larsen (WA) 
Lawrence Lee Lynch Meeks Messer Murphy (FL) Perlmutter Pitts Pocan Price (NC) Rogers (AL) Rokita Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Schrader Scott, Austin Smith (WA) Titus Tsongas Valadao Walden Wasserman 
Schultz 
Westmoreland 
b1916 
Mr. HILL changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF EMANCI-
PATION HALL FOR CEREMONY TO PRESENT CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO FIRST SPECIAL SERVICE FORCE 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table (S. Con. Res. 2) author-izing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a cere-mony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the First Special Service Force, in recognition of its superior service during World War II, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 2 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR 
CEREMONY TO PRESENT CONGRES-SIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO FIRST SPE-CIAL SERVICE FORCE. 
Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor 
Center is authorized to be used on February 3, 2015, for a ceremony to present the Con-gressional Gold Medal to the First Special Service Force collectively, in recognition of its superior service during World War II. Physical preparations for the conduct of the ceremony shall be carried out in accordance with such conditions as the Architect of the Capitol may prescribe. 
The concurrent resolution was con-
curred in. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR A JOINT SESSION 
OF CONGRESS TO RECEIVE A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I send 
to the desk a privileged concurrent res-olution and ask for its immediate con-sideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the concurrent reso-
lution, as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 7 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), That the two Houses of Congress assemble in the Hall of the House 
of Representatives on Tuesday, January 20, 2015, at 9 p.m., for the purpose of receiving such communication as the President of the United States shall be pleased to make to them. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? 
There was no objection. The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 217 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that Representa-tive A
DAM SMITH be removed as a co-
sponsor of H.R. 217. He was inadvert-ently added through a clerical error and did not intend to cosponsor the legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Tennessee? 
There was no objection. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF JOE 
STRICKLAND 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor one of our own, Joe Strickland, the Chief Reporter of De-bates, on his retirement from the House after more than 21 years of serv-ice. 
Joe Strickland is a native Texan. He 
came to the House in 1993, 2 years after graduating from court reporting school. He quickly distinguished him-self not only as an excellent court re-porter but as a very capable manager. In 2000, the Clerk of the House pro-moted Joe to Deputy Chief Reporter and made him Chief in 2005. 
Joe has participated in seven State of 
the Union addresses by three Presi-dents, and he has developed a global reputation as a leader in reporting par-liamentary debates. 
Joe has represented the House abroad 
on several occasions, Mr. Speaker, in-cluding participating in the World e- Parliament Conference in Johannes-burg. 
Here at home, Joe has addressed the 
national convention of the National Court Reporters Association three times, and he has served on the board of the Greater Washington Shorthand Reporters Association. 
Mr. Speaker, the House has lost a 
great resource and role model for the 43 dedicated professionals Joe manages. One of the reporters, of course, is on the floor reporting this now, and we thank her, and we thank all of those who have to listen to us and report what we say. That is a tough job. But I know that Joe will continue to in-spire those who serve in the reporting office. I join, and I know all of my col-
leagues join, in honoring Joe Strick-land, thanking him for his service to this House. We wish him a very happy retirement, full of time spent with his husband, Tom, and their son, Kevin. I thank him for his service to the Con-gress and to our country. 
f 
PLACATING THE COMMUNIST 
REGIME OF CUBA 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, it 
is truly astonishing that President Obama is asking Congress and the American people to applaud and reward the Castro regime for releasing 53 inno-cent people from its gulags today while ignoring the fact that over 1,000 were arrested last year. 
These individuals were imprisoned 
for expressing their basic rights as human beings, and for seeking reforms on the island based on the universal and fundamental principle of freedom. 
What a pathetically low bar Presi-
dent Obama has set. This administra-tion has shown, time and again, that it is more willing to appease tyrants than to fulfill America’s role as the defender of freedom, of democracy, and respect for human rights. 
President Obama’s concessions to the 
Castro regime further illustrate that he is willing to abandon American core principles of liberty and justice in order to placate a dangerous regime. 
f 
AMERICANS MOURN WITH THE 
PEOPLE OF PARIS 
(Mr. SWALWELL of California asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, today we mourn with the peo-ple of Paris. Americans stand with Paris and attacks on innocent people everywhere across the world. 
Terrorists are escalating their at-
tacks on innocent people across the world as we speak. Americans here at home are rightfully concerned, and to protect them, they look to us, their lawmakers. 
Our greatest responsibility, above ev-
erything else we ever do, prescribed to us in the Constitution, is to keep peo-ple safe in their homes and in their country. 
As security measures go up in our 
country to keep us safe, unfortunately, House GOP leaders are proposing to shut the Department of Homeland Se-curity down. We cannot play politics with our national security. 
I urge my House GOP colleagues to 
stand up for security and not shut down the government. Let’s put the safety of the American people first and put petty politics aside. Now is the time that we stand strong for the secu-rity of everyone. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.007 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H208 January 12, 2015 
SECURING AMERICA’S BORDERS 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss work in the House to secure our borders and ad-dress the Obama administration’s uni-lateral actions on immigration. 
This week, the House will consider 
the 2015 Department of Homeland Secu-rity appropriations bill, which takes a number of steps to bolster border secu-rity and law enforcement efforts. 
To start, the legislation provides for 
the largest operational force levels in the history of the Customs and Border Protection agency. The measure also supports several critical border secu-rity initiatives, including around-the- clock surveillance of air, land, and sea approaches to the border. 
Furthermore, the legislation boosts 
internal enforcement efforts and strengthens related domestic and inter-national investigations. 
Finally, the legislation will provide 
for the amendments that will stop the President’s executive actions on immi-gration. 
Mr. Speaker, the President’s unilat-
eral executive orders should be of con-cern to each and every Member of this body. I call on colleagues from both sides of the aisle to do what is right— support this legislative package. It pro-tects the borders, it restores the rule of law. The American people deserve as much. 
f 
THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS BILL 
(Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
this evening in opposition to the House Republican plan to tear apart millions of families through extreme amend-ments to the Department of Homeland Security appropriations bill. 
In the face of inaction by this House 
last year, our President was forced to use his constitutional authority to bring millions of our neighbors out of the shadows to fix a broken immigra-tion system. 
Through scrapping the Secure Com-
munities Program and ensuring that parents of American citizens could no longer live in fear of deportation, the President’s executive order has moved our country forward. However, it is no substitute for the bipartisan congres-sional action that the majority of the American people feel that we need and that passed the Senate 2 years ago. 
By undermining the President’s exec-
utive actions through amendments to DHS appropriations, my colleagues are not only jeopardizing critical funding for our Nation’s security but also ig-noring the pain and suffering they will cause to millions across our country. IT IS COOL TO BE FROM NORTH 
DAKOTA 
(Mr. CRAMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, Aristotle 
said, ‘‘We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, this weekend, the North 
Dakota State University Bison football team was in Frisco, Texas, attempting to win their fourth consecutive NCAA Division I FCS national title. 
After a long stampede with a tal-
ented flock of Illinois State Redbirds hot on their tail, they finally ended up in the end zone. The only ones in the winner’s circle were the Thundering Herd. 
The seniors finished their careers 
with more national championships, Mr. Speaker, than losses. I am especially proud of the boys from North Dakota. 
Bismarck Century’s Carson Wentz 
earned MVP status by quarterbacking his team to success, and BHS’ Esley Thorton sealed the deal with a last- minute interception. 
All of the teammates from the Rough 
Rider State and beyond, you have made us proud again, and you remind us why it is so cool to be from North Dakota. 
f 
b1930 
AN ANTI-IMMIGRANT CANCER 
(Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
honor to represent one of the most di-verse districts in the entire Congress. Approximately 33 percent of the people whom I represent were born outside of the United States of America. Folks from all over the world come to Brook-lyn and to Queens to pursue the Amer-ican Dream. This is part of what makes America great; yet there is an anti-im-migrant cancer spreading in this town that is moving like a malignant tumor amongst some on the other side of the aisle. 
As a result of this invidious inflic-
tion, there are some in the House GOP who are prepared to shut down the De-partment of Homeland Security, even though America continues to be a top target for terrorists all across the world. 
This is shameful. This is reckless. 
This is irresponsible. The American people need to rise up to stop it from happening. 
f 
NORMALIZING U.S. RELATIONS 
WITH CUBA 
(Mr. RANGEL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I was in 
Havana, Cuba, when the President of the United States declared that he was going to relax the restrictions that we have on the embargo in Cuba, and I tell 
you that the people in Havana rejoiced. In the streets of Havana, they said there were two basic things they liked about America: one was American movies, and the second was everything else. 
When I got to come back home 
through Miami, at the airport, people with Cuban backgrounds—Americans— were so excited about the opportunity for America to rejoin the family of na-tions and to recognize the contribu-tions that Cuba can make. We thought that, today, we would be hearing a re-joicing for those people who should have never been in jail in Cuba who were released. Obviously, there are some people who have a different opin-ion. 
I am here today to say that, with all 
due respect to those Americans and to those Cubans who suffer under the dic-tatorship in Cuba, we feel their pain, but now, American policy should over-ride the pain that a few feel for what is in the best national interest of our great Nation. 
f 
A HOUSE OF GAMES 
(Mr. YARMUTH asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, there 
are a lot of games being played at this time of year. Tonight, we are going to have a national championship game for the NCAA national football champion-ship, playoff games for the NFL cham-pionship. We have basketball games being played and hockey games. The American people don’t need games being played in the House of Represent-atives, but that is exactly what we are seeing this week. 
The Republican majority is holding 
hostage the security of this Nation— holding the Department of Homeland Security’s budget hostage—so they can advance some ideological provisions on immigration reform. 
This is nothing but a big pout on the 
part of the Republican majority be-cause they are upset with the Presi-dent’s executive action. If they want to undo what the President has done and proceed toward a sane immigration policy, we have an entire body of Democrats and Republicans who is waiting to do that. I was part of the bi-partisan group last year that worked for the entire Congress in trying to get that done. I know it is possible. 
No more games, Mr. Speaker. We 
need action—we need sane action—and not holding our national security hos-tage. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF 
MARIO CUOMO 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
BUCK). Under the Speaker’s announced 
policy of January 6, 2015, the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. R
ANGEL ) is 
recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.032 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H209 January 12, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, as the 
senior member of the New York delega-tion, it affords me a great honor to come from the Empire State of New York, where we have so many people we are proud of, but because Mario Cuomo represented the true nature of the American Dream, we from the State of New York would just like to laud the contributions that he has made, not just to Queens, where he was raised, not just to the great State of New York, but to those democratic principles that all of us believe in, and no one could articulate it the way our great Governor has. 
So many people have come to this 
country from faraway places, and somehow, when they succeed, some change their names, some change their attitudes, and some just absolutely for-get how they got here and how they were perceived; but Mario Cuomo was different. 
Mario was so proud of the fact that 
his parents were immigrants. He was proud of the fact that they came here with nothing but a hope and a dream that their son would succeed. He suc-ceeded in everything that he touched, from neighborhood arbitration, to sec-retary of state, to Lieutenant Gov-ernor; and, of course, the Nation re-members him as Governor and as one who articulated the principles not of the Democratic Party, but of the entire country at a Democratic Convention. 
Of course, he leaves behind a son 
who, for those of us who attended his funeral would have to say not only did he talk about his father in terms that made us all feel proud, but in that voice that he had, if you closed your eyes for one moment, you would see that Mario Cuomo did not die. He left his son to continue in describing the great opportunity that we have in this great country. 
I am so glad that so many New York-
ers are here. Because we are here for such a short period of time—we are in 
committees and reorganizing—the del-egation has asked me to reduce my re-marks to 2 minutes, and I share that concern with the rest of our great dele-gation. 
It is my great pleasure to yield back 
the balance of my time so that the gen-tleman from New York, J
OSEPH CROW-
LEY, may control the remainder of my 
time. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF 
MARIO CUOMO 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ) is recognized for 
the remainder of the hour as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the minority leader of 
the House. 
Ms. PELOSI. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
I thank the distinguished member 
and longest-serving member—I don’t want to say ‘‘senior member’’—in the 
New York delegation for getting us off to a start to sing the praises of Mario Cuomo. It is my honor to join the New York delegation. I feel honored to do so. Four of our children were born in New York, so that gives me some standing on the subject. 
Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor to 
join the New York delegation in paying tribute to the memory of Governor Mario Cuomo. I am reminded of Eccle-siasticus. We all know this, but just think of how appropriate it is for Mario Cuomo. 
In Ecclesiasticus, it says: 
Now let us praise great men, the heroes of 
our Nation. 
They led the people by their counsel and 
their knowledge of the laws. From their font of wisdom, they gave instruction. 
These are godly men whose righteous deeds 
have not been forgotten. Their wealth is their descendants, and their inheritance is their children’s children. Their bodies are buried in peace, and their names will live forever. 
The people will tell of their wisdom, and 
the congregation will continue to sing their praise. 
Does that remind you of Mario 
Cuomo? Is that perfectly appropriate for him? Surely, those words apply to the life and legacy of our great de-parted friend, Mario. 
As a fellow Italian American, I have 
always taken great pride in his leader-ship. As a San Franciscan who hosted the Democratic Convention, we in Cali-fornia had some kind of claim on Mario Cuomo because of the great speech that he made at that convention which Mr. R
ANGEL referenced, but my observing 
of his greatness goes farther back than that. 
It was during a trip to Italy that we 
were invited by President Carter in 1980 to bring the sympathy and support of the American people to Italy at the time of the earthquake, when they lost 2,700 lives and which left 265,000 people homeless. I mention that because we went by helicopter from village to vil-lage to village. Villages were dev-astated. 
Mario Cuomo, here was this person 
who had such a large spirit and a good soul, who could sympathize with these people in English and Italian. For ex-ample, in a village where a First Com-munion class was rehearsing for First Communion, all of the 7-year-olds in that village were in that church when the earthquake hit. The roof came down, and every 7-year-old in the vil-lage was lost. 
Imagine the grief of those individual 
families and of that community to lose those children, but as you would ex-pect, he was up to the task, knowing that words were completely inadequate and that no sympathy could meet the pain that they were feeling; nonethe-less, there was this beautiful, sympa-thetic man identifying with these peo-ple from a region from which his fam-ily had come in southern Italy. 
Mario Cuomo was a pillar of strength 
through his community, his State, and our Nation. His values, his vision, and 
his effectiveness for the people of New York were an inspiration around the world. He was a man of principle and eloquence—that was good—and all the world saw, again, that manifested in the ‘‘shining city on a hill’’ speech at the 1984 Democratic Convention. 
With those soaring words, Governor 
Cuomo summoned the best of America and called us to empower the working people and middle class families who are the backbone of our Nation. He asked us to remember how futures are built. We know Mario Cuomo’s lan-guage and leadership will echo through the ages just as vital, just as urgent, just as energizing as his words were that day. 
In word and deed, Governor Cuomo 
challenged us to make real the Amer-ican Dream. He had it for his family. He wanted it for everyone else, for all who strived to realize it, and opened the doors of opportunity for every American family. 
Family meant everything to him. He 
was a proud Governor of New York for three terms, but his proudest achieve-ment was his beautiful family. No one could miss the pride and inspiration he found in his immigrant parents and how he talked about them so beau-tifully or in his boundless dedication to Matilda and his children. 
Our country has lost a great leader, 
but his family has lost a devoted hus-band to his wife of over 60 years, to Ma-tilda. He was a loving father to five children—Margaret, Andrew, Maria, Madeline, and Christopher—and was a doting grandfather to some really love-ly grandchildren. 
My husband, Paul, and I and our en-
tire family are heartbroken. We are really heartbroken by his passing, and we continue to extend our deepest sym-pathy and love to Matilda and their family. 
I hope it is a comfort to them that so 
many people in their own State, in the country, and, really, throughout the world mourn their loss and continue to pray for them and continue to be in-spired by this great man. 
As Ecclesiasticus says: 
People will tell of his wisdom, and the con-
gregation will continue to sing his praise. 
I thank Mr. C ROWLEY for yielding. I 
thank him for bringing us together to sing the praises of Mario Cuomo. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Thank you. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-
woman from Rochester, New York, L
OUISE SLAUGHTER . 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. I thank Mr. C ROW-
LEY for yielding to me. There is so 
much on my mind as to what I could say about him. 
I knew him longer than the rest of 
the New Yorkers. I met him in 1973. I was a member of the Democratic State committee in Rochester, New York, and I was asked by the district attor-ney to come over to his house and meet a man from New York City who was thinking about running for Governor; so I joined my friends and sat in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.033 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H210 January 12, 2015 
living room for about an hour, await-
ing the guest from New York to get off the telephone in the kitchen and come out and talk to us. 
He came out. He was perfectly 
charming, but he didn’t know upstate New York. He started by telling us: ‘‘A lot of people are talking to me about running for Governor, and I thought it would be a good idea if I came up here to see what all of you thought.’’ 
I left the house that night, and I said 
to my friend that I was driving with: ‘‘He is really a nice guy, and he is very smart, but, boy, he needs a lot of help.’’ I was really pretty lucky, I think, that I got to do that. As it turns out, Gov-ernor Carey ran for Governor at that time, and Mr. Cuomo was appointed secretary of state. 
He had some great ideas for upstate 
New York. One of them was they were going to have an upstate coordinator, which is kind of an amorphous title, but I was very blessed that he let me try that job. I had been out of the workforce. I was home. My youngest child was about 12 years old. It was back in the day when one income could bring up a family and educate them. 
b1945 
And so trying to get back into work 
and to get back into all of that was pretty difficult for me. And I am not sure anybody else would have put up with me, other than Mario Cuomo, giv-ing me every opportunity in the world to try to learn what it is we were try-ing to do. 
But, boy, did I ever teach him a few 
things. We had an old State car, a rat-tletrap. I drove him all over upstate New York, and the conversations we had would absolutely astound you. 
We stopped one day in one of our 
beautiful rural villages in upstate named Pavilion to get a cup of coffee. And a 16-year-old girl came out to wait on us. And here he was: a new person to speak to. Now, those of you who knew him know how exciting that would be. And he started in by asking her, What was the main business in Pavilion? What was the gross domestic product there? He was asking her all these questions. And all she wanted to do was get him a cup of coffee. And I felt a lit-tle sorry for her, so I said, ‘‘He is the secretary of state.’’ Unfortunately, I forgot the part to say secretary of state of New York. She went back into the kitchen, knowing this man was not Henry Kissinger, and never came back out. 
And as we rode around in this old red 
car, he would ask me about the corn-fields. And I will tell you, if my agri-culture people knew what a botch I made of trying to explain to him the life of the cornstalk, it was really awful. And he would say things like, How do they heat that house over there? What do you think they do? Where do they all go to school? Every-thing in the world interested him. 
He was the most extraordinary 
teacher that I have ever had. I just had those 2 years of showing him upstate 
New York. And then when he got elect-ed lieutenant governor—I ran that up-state campaign—the State Police took over. But we still carried on all these great conversations we had. And I re-member one of the policemen said once that no matter how upset Mario was, when he got off the plane and would go 10 miles or 10 rounds with Louise, they were off on a whole other subject. 
I learned so much from him. And I 
know that everybody thinks of him as a one-speech maker sort of a—but let me tell you, that was not it. The speech that he made at Notre Dame was so incredibly wonderful and so im-portant and so instructive that every-body should read that as well. But one of my very favorites was when he made his speech about my hometown of Rochester on Lake Ontario. 
He described Rochester as a necklace 
of neighborhoods clustered around the lake. Now that is talking. And he also talked about life, that our life needed to be more than to just hope always to land on the safe squares. And we thought that was such an incredible thing to think about, that your life had to have more meaning than that. 
The people that we worked with at 
the secretary of state’s office who were holdovers from the previous adminis-tration had said to me many, many times how wonderful it was for them to be able to work for such a first-rate lawyer. And believe me, he really was. 
He loved the country, as N
ANCY  
PELOSI pointed out. His love of his fam-
ily was absolutely legendary. He was a man of deep conviction, of religious faith, who loved his family more than anything. But he also loved the great opportunity that this country had given to him. 
He talked so admiringly of his father 
and the strength that his father and mother had, coming here with literally nothing. And it was the manual labor that his father did to lift himself up and, consequently, his family to a bet-ter life, and the country. 
He loved New York. He loved its peo-
ple. He loved its history more than anything. He loved the institution of governing. 
So I speak of him as somebody that 
maybe other people didn’t get to know the way I did, but I admired him al-ways. And I am pretty sure I would not be in elected office at all had I not had the opportunity to learn from him, the wonderful opportunity to represent our neighbors and to come down and to try to make law and to make some changes. 
So I thank you very much for the 
time, Mr. C
ROWLEY . We will not see his 
like again. 
Mr. CROWLEY. I thank the gentle-
lady. 
I now yield to the gentleman from 
the Bronx, Mr. S ERRANO . 
(Mr. SERRANO asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. SERRANO. I thank my col-
league, Mr. C
ROWLEY . This week in 1975, I became a member 
of the New York State Assembly. This week in 1975, Mario Cuomo became sec-retary of state. I left to come to Con-gress in 1990, so I am fortunate to have served in the legislature 16 of the 20 years that he served in the executive branch. 
And in 1983, when I became chairman 
of the Education Committee, I really got to know him and to speak to him and to understand what everyone that has spoken has already said. Above all, this man never forgot, and he under-stood how important it was for him to be the son of an immigrant family. So he wanted everyone else to have the same opportunity. 
Yes, he was eloquent. Yes, he had to 
be a great human being—after all, he was a minor league baseball player and was signed by the Pittsburgh Pirates, I believe, to play ball, that alone makes him a great guy. But he was an elo-quent man who also remembered his humble beginnings in the grocery store, having to work to get through law school, to be able to understand. 
So when I stood in front of him as 
one who had been born an American citizen—but a lot of people forgot along the way that we were and treated us in a different way—he understood. There was that simpatico that he had with him, where he understood where we came from and what we needed. And I am just so honored to have served all those years with Mario Cuomo and to have considered him a friend. 
When I went to his funeral, Matilda 
was just so gracious because she wrote a book once where she asked people to write about who had influenced them. And I wrote about a certain gentleman in the Bronx who had played major role in my starting my public career. And she remembered that. 
And I, once again, offer my condo-
lences to the Cuomo family. 
But we should not feel sorry that he 
is gone. We have been blessed with the fact that he lived among us. And for me, 16 of those 20 years, I learned so much from him, and hopefully I was able to help him along the way at times too. 
Mr. CROWLEY. I thank my friend 
from the Bronx. 
And I yield to the gentleman from 
Manhattan, Mr. N
ADLER . 
Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I too came to the legis-
lature and served for 16 years there. And for most of that time, Mario Cuomo was Governor. 
We all know that he was an eloquent 
philosopher in politics, someone who could express the goals and the prin-ciples of public office and of govern-ment more eloquently than almost anyone else. 
Mario Cuomo graduated first in his 
class from St. John’s Law School in 1946. And despite sending out over 70 resumes, he couldn’t get a response or an interview from a top law firm be-cause he was Italian. And that was the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.034 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H211 January 12, 2015 
state of prejudice in this country—or 
at least on Wall Street in 1946. 
He went on from there to become a 
major lawyer, to become the Governor of a State, to become a leader of a phi-losophy in American politics. But in doing so, he never forgot where he came from. He didn’t forget his experi-ences, and he knew that other people were having similar experiences. 
He was a man of great principle. He 
vetoed the death penalty—though he knew that the death penalty was very popular in New York—12 times in a row, and he sustained those vetoes. Having not forgotten where he came from, he always wanted to use govern-ment to help defenseless people who needed the help of government, and he did. 
We all know many of the things he 
did. I am not going to repeat them here. But I want to just mention a cou-ple of things that didn’t get great pub-licity but that I saw as a member of the legislature. 
When he became Governor, he set up 
a commission. I forget the exact title— Commission on Child Support, Com-mission on Day Care, whatever it was. But every year for years, that commis-sion came up with legislation which he supported and pushed, and some of us in the legislature worked on that. And he passed—we passed pioneering legis-lation, pioneering in this country on child support enforcement, which was considered a radical idea in the early 1980s. We passed the Child Support Standards Act so that judges couldn’t leave women and their children with-out adequate support. He passed day care resource and referral legislation and family day care, all of which came from the initiatives of Governor Cuomo, none of which got a lot of pub-licity, which was focused on so-called bigger items. But these helped people. These were vital for people living their lives without a lot of money, without a lot of resources. But government be-came a helper and a friend because of Governor Cuomo. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Thank you, Mr. N
AD-
LER. 
I now yield to the gentlelady from 
Brooklyn, Queens, and Manhattan, Ms. N
YDIA VELA´ZQUEZ . 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a leader 
who inspired not only New Yorkers but who also captured the imagination of progressives across the Nation. At a time when our national dialogue was dominated by those seeking to leave working families to fend for them-selves, Governor Cuomo outlined a dif-ferent vision. Through his policies as Governor and his evocative speaking abilities, he articulated our moral obli-gation to care for one another while working toward a society that benefits all Americans, not only the affluent and powerful. 
All of us remember his famous words 
from the Democratic convention in San Francisco. Questioning conservatives’ rose-colored view of the Nation, he 
noted we were becoming too much a ‘‘tale of two cities,’’ rather than a ‘‘shining city on a hill.’’ That speech crystallized the differences in com-peting philosophies between those who believe Americans can do more to help one another and those who think our Nation has already reached its greatest heights and cannot further improve. 
However, just as he was serving as an 
intellectual lodestar for progressive and liberals nationally, Mario Cuomo remained dedicated to improving New Yorkers’ lives. A son of Queens, in many ways, he reflected the aspira-tions and dreams of that borough’s residents. Today, Queens is where fami-lies of all backgrounds—Latinos, Asian, Italian, and Greek immigrants— converge to secure a decent, affordable place to live. 
In today’s political landscape, we 
could all benefit from remembering those words. In today’s cynical envi-ronment, many have forgotten the tre-mendous good our government can achieve in pursuing justice, creating opportunity, and caring for neighbors in need. 
Governor Cuomo made many con-
tributions, but that may be among his most important. He provided the intel-lectual framework to remind us that we have more to do, that our Nation can be better, and that we cannot af-ford to leave our fellow New Yorkers and Americans behind. 
For ensuring these ideas remain part 
of our national conversation, all of us owe him a debt and all of us appreciate his decades of steadfast service. 
I send my thoughts and my prayers 
to his family, including his son, Gov-ernor Andrew Cuomo. I hope they can take comfort in knowing that all of us join in mourning with them. 
b2000 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlelady from Brooklyn, Queens, and Manhattan. I now yield to the gen-tlelady from Queens and Manhattan and Brooklyn, Mrs. C
AROLYN MALONEY . 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gen-tleman for yielding and for his leader-ship in so many ways, and I thank the leader of the Democratic Party for leading us in this tribute to our great Governor. We appreciate very much your presence and support of Mario Cuomo on the floor. 
It seems only fitting and proper for 
us to pay tribute to the late Mario Cuomo here in this historic Chamber, here where some of the most powerful and eloquent speakers in our Nation’s history have changed the course of human events, not with swords but with words and ideas. 
Mario Cuomo, the former Governor of 
New York, the liberal lion of the Em-pire State, the conscience of the Demo-cratic Party, and a cherished friend, had few peers when it came to making the power of ideas and ideals irresist-ible forces for good. His faith, his passion, his values, and 
his unique gifts produced in him an unrivaled ability to articulate the plight, defend the rights, and engage the hopes of ordinary citizens. 
I had the great fortune to be a dele-
gate when he gave one of the most sto-ried speeches at the National Demo-cratic Convention in 1984. I will never forget it. When Mario Cuomo spoke, it electrified the whole convention. We were transfixed by the power of his ap-peal right to the deepest reaches of our common humanity. 
He made all of us feel like we needed 
to do more, work harder, and help oth-ers because that is what really came through when Mario Cuomo spoke: his deep, unwavering commitment to fun-damental decency, justice, and human-ity. 
He spoke to a sitting President on be-
half of the forgotten and the dispos-sessed. He spoke to the powerful on be-half of the powerless. ‘‘There is de-spair,’’ he said, ‘‘in the faces you don’t see and the places you don’t visit.’’ 
Mario Cuomo was right. He spent his 
life working and looking out for the hardworking people who build our shin-ing cities, who supply our food, who teach our children, who staff our hos-pitals, people who are too often over-worked, overlooked, and underserved. 
His own family had owned a store in 
Jamaica, Queens, and he knew full well the value of hard work and of edu-cation. He lived the American Dream and spent his life trying to build the American Dream for others. Mario Cuomo worked his way into St. John’s University. He attended St. John’s Uni-versity School of Law in New York and graduated first in his class. 
He first rose to public attention when 
he came roaring out of Queens back in the 1970s to challenge city hall’s con-demnation of a working class neighbor-hood in Corona. People quickly began to appreciate that Mario Cuomo had the transformative power to inspire others to demand for themselves a more just and humane society and a better government. He insisted that representative government should be just that: a government for all the peo-ple. 
Whenever he was on the ballot—and I 
remember as an active Democrat then—Democrat registration went up because everybody wanted to vote for and help elect Mario Cuomo. They knew he would do everything in his power to give them a fair shake. 
He once told me—and I always had 
these terrible elections. He would al-ways tell me that he was my fairy god-father, and he would grant me three wishes to win the election, but only on one condition, that I would go out and grant three wishes to someone else and help them do a better job in what they wanted to do. 
He was a wonderful friend and a men-
tor, a husband, a wonderful father. As a parent, there is no question he did a re-markable job. One son is a Governor, another is a news anchor, one daughter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.035 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H212 January 12, 2015 
is a physician, another active in con-
tinuing the family work in housing the homeless, and another is an attorney. If that was all that he ever did, that would be plenty for one lifetime. 
Mario Cuomo did much more. He was 
secretary of state of the great State of New York, then Lieutenant Governor, and finally Governor for three terms. He led New York to provide health care for children. He began the Decade of the Child, an effort that used multiple health care and educational strategies to better the lives of our most vulner-able. He passed the child support en-forcement bill. 
Under his leadership, the most in-
tense public health plan in the Nation was put in place to take on the AIDS epidemic. Under Mario Cuomo, New York State became the first State in the Nation to enact a seatbelt law. He was a great man, and I am proud be-yond all telling to be able to say that he was a friend, a mentor, and a sup-porter. 
I grieve his passing, and I send my 
most heartfelt condolences to his fam-ily and his friends. I shall miss the sin-gular and remarkable man until the end of time. To know him was to love him. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I now 
yield to the gentleman from Queens and part of Nassau, Mr. M
EEKS . 
Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
When I think of Governor Mario 
Cuomo, many talk about his great ora-tory, many talk about some of the fan-tastic speeches that he made, but when I think about Mario Cuomo, he didn’t just talk the talk; he walked the walk. 
His speeches were not made just be-
cause it was a political gathering or forum. His speeches were made because that is what he truly believed. It came from his heart. It is how he lived his life, and you could see that in how he dealt with his family because that was his foundation. 
From that foundation, he was able to 
build—and starting with that little place in Jamaica, Queens, that I am now proud to represent, he looked at Queens and then, by extension, the city of New York and then, by extension, the State of New York as the founda-tion of which he could make a dif-ference, learning from his growing up with his parents. 
As a result, you found individuals 
falling in love with Mario Cuomo, and you could see that by the people that were around him who became com-pletely loyal to him because he had a real great leadership. 
Once you became infected with the 
spirit of Mario Cuomo, you continued to stay around him, and you would see in the visuals who were with Mario Cuomo until the day that he died folks loyal to him. In this business in this day and age, sometimes, if you don’t have that kind of character, people come, and people go. 
Lastly, because I know that we have 
got so many members of the New York delegation that are here that want to 
speak, let me just say that he was com-petitive. I can think about those days when—I thank him first because he talked about getting into politics, he allowed me to cut my teeth by appoint-ing me first to the New York State Workers’ Compensation Board as a judge, then later appointed me to be-come the supervising judge in the State, having me going all over the State, and then encouraging me to run for the State assembly and, once I got elected to the State assembly, working very closely with him. 
Once I got into the assembly, I 
thought he was a nice guy until you got on the basketball court. How com-petitive was he on that basketball court? Elbows—I look at some of the players now when they are com-plaining, et cetera, well, you need to go play old school basketball with Gov-ernor Mario Cuomo. 
I close by saying that I thank God— 
because he was a very religious man, Mario Cuomo, too, but God could have sent him to California; he didn’t. He could have had him in Illinois or in Texas or in Florida; no. 
We were fortunate because God had 
him, through his parents, who emi-grated from Italy to come to a place where the Statue of Liberty was, who believed ‘‘Give me your tired, give me your weary,’’ who believed in family, and we had him in the great State of New York. 
Thank you, Governor Mario Cuomo. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my good friend. 
I now yield to the gentleman from 
Buffalo, New York (Mr. H
IGGINS ). Mario 
Cuomo was known all over New York State, obviously, as the Governor, but my colleague B
RIAN HIGGINS knew him 
well. 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today, along with my colleagues, to honor the life and legacy of Governor Mario Cuomo who passed away on Jan-uary 1 at the age of 82. 
When we think of Governor Cuomo, 
we think of him along with his son— now Governor Andrew Cuomo—and then his counsel Tim Russert from Buf-falo driving in a car, riding from the airport to the Moscone Center in San Francisco, still writing new sections of his historic keynote address at the 1984 Democratic National Convention which catapulted him forever as a prominent figure within the Democratic Party. 
Less remembered than his speeches 
but just as admirable were his writings. He wrote extensively on the American Dream his immigrant par-ents achieved, and the numerous causes that he cared about, ‘‘Diaries of Mario M. Cuomo,’’ ‘‘Reason to Be-lieve,’’ ‘‘Why Lincoln Matters,’’ and ‘‘More Than Words,’’ which is a collec-tion of 31 speeches he wrote going back to 1974. 
As a student of government, a teach-
er of government, and now as a practi-tioner, in 2006, I went to see Governor Cuomo, former Governor Cuomo, who was practicing law in Manhattan at a 
place called Willkie, Farr, and Galla-gher. Remember, I had 15 minutes scheduled with him and left 2 hours later. I told him that his writings, going back to 1974, were as relevant today as they were when they were written. They were timeless; they were classics. 
My favorite story is the one that he 
told about how he came to edit the book, ‘‘Lincoln on Democracy.’’ In 1988, Governor Cuomo met in Albany with a delegation from the teacher section of Poland’s Solidarity Union, which was the leading advocate for bringing de-mocracy to Poland when it was under Communist rule. 
The teachers told the Governor that 
they were building an archive of influ-ential and insightful writings on de-mocracy. They asked if he could rec-ommend writings by American think-ers that had influenced his approach to public service and democracy. Cuomo immediately identified Abraham Lin-coln as his favorite source of wisdom. 
The Polish delegation said, ‘‘Gov-
ernor, Lincoln’s writings and speeches are not available in Poland.’’ In fact, they were banned. Cuomo promised to give them the speeches that they need-ed in order to appreciate what he had come to appreciate in Lincoln. 
Cuomo says, ‘‘Delegation, come over 
here.’’ He pulled out the 378-page index of the collected works of Abraham Lin-coln—not one mention of democracy in those works; so together with Lincoln scholar Harold Holzer, he wrote, edited, and published ‘‘Lincoln on Democ-racy,’’ a book that to this day is essen-tial reading for anyone wishing to un-derstand the uniquely American ap-proach to democracy and governance. True to his word, the Polish version of the book appeared in Warsaw in early 1990 before its English version was available in the United States. 
Mario Cuomo’s gift was that he 
forced us to think for ourselves. He forced us to consider our history, and he forced us to recognize our responsi-bility to build a foundation that is bet-ter than the foundation that those who came before us built for us. 
That is the true meaning of the 
American Dream, and it was embodied by a unique individual who was an un-likely successful lawyer, an unlikely Governor of New York, Mario M. Cuomo. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for his comments on Governor Cuomo. I now yield to my colleague and friend from the upstate region, Mr. P
AUL TONKO , who also 
served in the State assembly while Mario Cuomo was Governor. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Queens, State of New York, for the opportunity to share some thoughts here this evening with our leader, N
ANCY PELOSI , and mem-
bers of the New York delegation, as we pay tribute to the life of Mario Mat-thew Cuomo, the greatest of Governors in New York, and certainly a true 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.037 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H213 January 12, 2015 
statesman, a bold and great individual, 
a humble giant, and a roaring voice, a lion voice for social, economic, and en-vironmental justice. 
This evening, what I recall about the 
life of Mario Cuomo is that as I entered the New York State Assembly in 1983, that was the same year that he entered into the office of Governor, and for my first 12 years of service in the New York State Assembly, it was guided and nurtured and impacted by the strength and the passion of Mario Cuomo. 
b2015 
The walk with him and with Matilda 
Raffa Cuomo as a first couple of New York was a joyous one but a chal-lenging one to pay tribute to the great-ness, the foundation of family, and the passion of immigrants. Those two guid-ing dynamics drove the principles, the integrity, and the message of Mario Cuomo. 
As a member of his upstate cabinet 
informing and alerting the Governor to various strengths, vitalities, contribu-tions, and history of upstate New York, we were able to connect in a very meaningful way; the work with him very deliberate and very challenging. I will forever be grateful for the learning curve that was developed by working alongside this person of greatness. 
I think, also, we need to understand 
that, as his son Governor Andrew Cuomo eulogized at his funeral service, he made mention very deliberately, Mario Cuomo would not offer, render his words of speeches to an audience telling them what they choose to hear but, rather, what he needed to share. That, I think, speaks to the humble greatness of this individual, one who had a vision not only for his State, but for his country and, for that matter, the world. 
I was also touched by the Governor’s 
sharing about his dad, the eloquence of his speech, the eloquence of his speak-ing, his public speaking that reached so many people throughout the world. He talked about those words and put it into an analogy of a fine bit of jewelry where each word seen as a gem would be deliberately chosen, strategically placed, and majestically clustered in a way where that array would reach our senses, would speak to our senses about what is correct, what is socially just and morally sound. That is true leader-ship. And it is no wonder through that speech in San Francisco that he lit within the minds, hearts, and souls of Americans the best within us, how we could assume this level of greatness by understanding that we are at our best when we incorporate in an inclusive set of principles in our world of politics. 
Mario Cuomo impacted all of us, my-
self included, by his reverence for his parents’ journey as immigrants. That journey, which was a pathway to free-dom, that journey which settled into a grocery story, a corner grocery store, became the pulse of the American Dream for his family that was tethered into this country called the United 
States of America. He never forgot that. He revered it. He was guided by it. The light that he brought to his field of politics was immense, and it was driven by fairness and inclusion. 
So this evening, it is an honor to join 
with my colleagues to speak to a hum-ble man, a great individual, who, with his wife alongside him, Matilda, brought to this State of New York a sense of hope when there was despair. 
As was said at the funeral, he will 
continue to live. His voice may have been silenced, but his integrity, his spirit, and his principles will long live in the lives of those who struggle and reach to America, to her government, for a better tomorrow. 
May he rest in peace. Mr. CROWLEY. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. Speaker, at this time, I ask the 
gentleman from Brooklyn and from Queens, Mr. J
EFFRIES , for his com-
ments. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank my good 
friend, the distinguished gentleman from Queens, for anchoring this Special Order hour and for yielding a few mo-ments for me to reflect on the passing of our great Governor, Mario Cuomo. 
Mr. Speaker, like many other mem-
bers of the New York delegation, I also served in the New York State Assem-bly. But unlike most, I didn’t get the opportunity to serve alongside Gov-ernor Mario Cuomo. I arrived several years after he had completed his three terms in office. 
So I speak today not from the per-
spective of someone who served in gov-ernment alongside Mario Cuomo, but as a young man who grew up in Mario Cuomo’s New York. What an oppor-tunity to be able to come of age in the 1980s with a Governor, a leader, who ar-ticulated such an eloquent vision of equal protection under the law for ev-eryone. What an opportunity to be able to come of age under a Governor who believed in opportunity for everyone, who recognized that New York State’s greatest strength was our diversity from every community, every perspec-tive, and every religious background. 
It was great to be able to come of age 
and look up at a Governor who, not-withstanding the political potential pitfalls, stood on principle, was ahead of his time as it relates to his firm op-position to the death penalty at a time when that was not a popular position to take. He was a great leader, a char-ismatic intellectual, a wonderful fam-ily man, a tremendous lawyer, and a wonderful statesman and Governor. 
I can only imagine that when Mario 
Cuomo arrived up in Heaven he was prepared to get to work. But I think that there was probably a greeting committee that was there at the gates of Heaven, one of whom was FDR, a former Governor of the State of New York, the other of whom was FDR’s cousin, Teddy Roosevelt, two former great Governors of the State of New York. And I think they probably ush-ered Mario Cuomo to a place in front of 
the throne of glory where Almighty God Himself may have said to Gov-ernor Cuomo: 
Listen, you can take your suit off and put 
this robe on. Governor Cuomo, you can rest now. You have been faithful over a few things. You can rest now. Well done, My good and faithful servant, well done. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Well done, my friend 
from Brooklyn and Queens. 
Mr. Speaker, I now would like to 
yield to the gentlewoman from Flush-ing, Queens, New York, Ms. G
RACE  
MENG. 
Ms. MENG. Thank you to the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker. Governor Mario 
Cuomo’s legacy is important for all of us to remember here in Congress. Al-though the late Governor Cuomo is most well known nationally as an elo-quent orator and bastion of liberalism, he first received public attention for his career creatively merging the val-ues of social justice and access to af-fordable housing while protecting fam-ily values in my home borough of Queens. 
Governor Cuomo’s life is a personal 
inspiration as he was also raised in Queens and born to immigrant parents. Perhaps it was this background that allowed him to regard himself as a pro-gressive pragmatist who upheld the idea that government should be a posi-tive source for good. 
This is best seen through Governor 
Cuomo’s advocacy for an activist gov-ernment that provides shelter for the homeless, work for the idle, and care for the elderly and infirm even in times of austerity. This belief in a dynamic government met some opposition, but Governor Cuomo recognized the crucial safety net and that government invest-ment is the foundation for a strong economy, an understanding that is im-perative in today’s political and eco-nomic climate. 
As a mom of two young children, I 
am particularly touched by his launch-ing of the Decade of the Child to enact educational and health care reforms af-fecting children. He deeply understood that improving children’s lives ulti-mately betters our communities and empowers our future. Under his leader-ship, New York was the very first State to enact seatbelt laws, and today we continue focusing on making sure that children’s toys and car seats are safe and effective. This academic year, New York City implemented universal pre- K, a concept that the late-Governor Mario Cuomo championed and the cur-rent Governor Andrew Cuomo aptly budgeted for success. 
I believe in what Hubert Humphrey 
said: 
The moral test of a government is how it 
treats those who are at the dawn of life, the children; those who are in the twilight of life, the aged; and those who are in the shad-ow of life, the sick, the needy, and the handi-capped. 
I think that Hubert Humphrey would 
have found Governor Cuomo to be a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.038 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H214 January 12, 2015 
strong, moral leader and, like the rest 
of us, would have mourned the loss of an inspired beacon of progressive ide-ology. 
I join my colleagues today from the 
New York delegation in sending condo-lences and sympathy to the entire Cuomo family, and know that Gov-ernor Cuomo’s respected legacy will be a blessing to us all. 
Mr. CROWLEY. I thank the gentle-
lady for her remarks. I thank all the members of the New York delegation, as well as Ms. P
ELOSI , the Democratic 
leader, for their remarks today and re-membrance of the great Governor of the State of New York, Mario Cuomo. 
Mr. Speaker, I had the opportunity 
at the early age of 15 years of age to be engaged in, really, my first political campaign. My then-Uncle Walter Crow-ley, who was one of my political idols in life, along with a fellow by the name of Michael Dowd, were in charge of a portion of Queens County in terms of making sure that, I think, the Catholic vote came out for Mario Cuomo during the 1977 race for mayor of New York, which was famously won in that pri-mary by Ed Koch. But that was not the only election that Mario Cuomo—and storied election—that Mario Cuomo was a part of. He had been a part of elections before that, and, lo and be-hold, in 1982 he once again found him-self in a matchup between himself and Ed Koch, and Mario Cuomo prevailing in that statewide election. 
At 15 years of age, I remember hand-
ing out literature at the churches in western Queens and southern Queens, and it really was my entree into a po-litical life. Then, in 1984, as a student at Queens College, I interned in the of-fice of then-Governor Cuomo. And what an experience that was to be working with Bob Sullivan, his storied pollster, but officially, on the official side, was working in the statistics office with Dick Starkey, a former reporter, a sto-ried reporter in New York City; Marty Steadman; to have Tim Russert walk into the room. We all died because Tim Russert just walked into the room. 
I can remember in 1986 when I was 
elected to the State assembly how sup-portive Mario Cuomo was to me as a young man, recommending me to trav-el around the world with ACYPL, to come here to Washington to get my feet wet as well, to get that Wash-ington sense. I remember being on the second floor in 1988 in the Blue Room, what is known as the Blue Room where the Governor would give his budgets, anticipating his delving into, diving into the 1988 Presidential elections, only to have my heart broken when Mario Cuomo said he would not run in that election. 
Mario Cuomo was tough. He had one 
of the biggest hearts I have ever come to know. 
He had also gone to law school, my 
Uncle Walter, and there was an inti-macy between the Crowleys and the Cuomo family in Queens County poli-tics, one that exists to this day with his son Andrew, as Governor, and my 
family as well. 
Mario Cuomo always did the right 
thing. He always did the right thing. And Mario Cuomo had an incredible magnetism about him. I have never seen, outside of people who are Presi-dents of the United States, the kind of magnetic sense that Mario Cuomo emitted. People wanted to be around him. Whenever he was publicly out, he was walking in the street or at an event, it was hard to get near Mario Cuomo because everyone wanted to be around Mario Cuomo. 
I was always nervous around Mario 
Cuomo, a healthy nervousness, but I was excited to be around him. I always wanted to be around him. I loved the man. I loved him dearly, although I never had enough time to be with him. As P
AUL TONKO had said at the fu-
neral—and what a beautiful funeral Mario Cuomo had, what an incredibly beautiful funeral—simple, yet elegant. That is how I describe it. His son An-drew and his entire family, how re-spectful they were of their father. And I think of the people who attended that funeral had to walk away knowing that these children, all of them, were raised so well: Andrew, Margaret, Madeline, Maria, and Christopher. And all their grandchildren, how they behaved. It was just remarkable, just wonderful to see the respect they had for their fa-ther and their grandfather, for their in- law. 
But Andrew had said that his father 
told him you don’t tell people what they want to hear—and I am para-phrasing. He told them you tell them what they need to hear. You told them what you wanted to tell them, the mes-sage you wanted to get across. 
It wasn’t always popular, the mes-
sage of Mario Cuomo; but I do know that people, even when they disagreed with him, they respected him and they admired him because of his tenacity, because he believed in what he was say-ing. 
b2030 
I think what they respected about 
him was he was always consistent as well in his thoughts. We will miss Mario Cuomo. Queens County, his home borough, will miss him. The city of New York and the State of New York, and, I think, the country have lost a great statesman, someone who didn’t look to the next election but looked to the next great issue that needed to be tackled, not only in New York, because New York in many re-spects is the leader of State legislators in the country; he was thinking nation-ally, he was thinking globally as well. 
Mario Cuomo will forever be one of 
my heroes, as is Lincoln. Mario Cuomo was bipartisan. He loved Lincoln, a Re-publican, but was true to his own democratic principles and his party as well. There is not enough time to say everything about him. But, Mr. Speak-er, I once again want to thank the dele-gation for their loyalty this evening and being here for as long as they were, 
and the indulgence of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
OPPOSING RAPPROCHEMENT WITH 
CUBA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CARTER of Georgia). Under the Speak-
er’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
am so humbled and pleased to see my colleagues who have turned out tonight at this late hour in a bipartisan man-ner to say that we reject the Presi-dent’s ill-advised treatment of the pol-icy of rapprochement with the Cuban regime, and no one is better able and better equipped to talk about freedom and democracy and our fight for justice than Mr. C
HABOT . 
I yield to the gentleman from Ohio 
(Mr. C HABOT ), a senior member of the 
House Foreign Affairs Committee and chairman of the House Small Business Committee. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise this 
evening to join with my colleague and friend, Congresswoman R
OS-LEHTINEN , 
in opposition to the December 17 an-nouncement by President Obama to change U.S. policy toward Cuba. We will also be joined by some of our other colleagues, and I want to particularly thank Congresswoman R
OS-LEHTINEN  
for her leadership on all issues regard-ing Cuba. She has been a leader on this issue for a long, long time and will con-tinue to be, I am sure. 
This policy change was a unilateral 
decision made without consulting Con-gress and with complete disregard of long-term national security con-sequences. Similarly, the so-called prisoner exchange was terribly flawed. 
In 2013, Secretary Kerry stated that 
swapping convicted Cuban spies for Alan Gross was off the table, testifying before Congress that since Mr. Gross was wrongly imprisoned, there was no equivalency to pursue a spy for spy tradeoff. Let us be clear: the freedom of 
Alan Gross is welcome news, but this exchange was totally one-sided. It was tragically flawed. It was not in the best interest of the people of the United States, and it was not in the best inter-est of the people of Cuba. 
As my colleague, Representative 
R
OS-LEHTINEN , has rightly highlighted 
these past few weeks since the decision and the prisoner exchange occurred, Cuban spies have been responsible for the deaths of American lives. It is ab-solutely true that they have been. And they have been released. Those are the people who were responsible for Amer-ican deaths. Cuban patriots who have risked their lives every day to fight for basic rights and freedoms feel be-trayed. 
The exchange was flawed. The policy 
itself is flawed, and the announcement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.040 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H215 January 12, 2015 
has also let down one of the United 
States’ strongest ally in the world, Israel. Year after year, Israel has stood at the United States’ side—one of the very few—supporting the United States at the United Nations in 98 percent of all votes, including votes that the world’s worst actors pushed through to condemn the U.S. embargo on Cuba. 
Unfortunately, those who have long 
nourished and fostered cozy relation-ships with Cuba, most notably Russia and Venezuela and various terrorist or-ganizations around the world, are wel-coming the policy changes with open arms. 
We need to be honest about the im-
plications of President Obama’s new policy. His unilateral decision to change Cuba policy poses a threat to U.S. national security. If the trade em-bargo is lifted, money will flow into the hands of the Castro brothers, al-lowing them to financially support sur-reptitious espionage activities with terrorist groups like Hezbollah and na-tions like North Korea. 
Since the President made his public 
announcement, nearly 100 Cubans have already been detained. The United States should always stand for democ-racy and freedom around the world. We should demand that the Castro regime release all political prisoners and hold free and fair elections before estab-lishing diplomatic relations. 
I once again thank the gentlewoman 
from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 
her leadership in this area for many, many years, and it is an honor to speak this evening with her. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. I thank the 
gentleman from Ohio very much, and thank you for looking out for our U.S. national security, and thank you for trying to uphold the values of freedom throughout the world. 
Mr. C
HABOT brought up the fact that 
Mr. Kerry, speaking before our com-mittee, said that we would not release spies for Alan Gross’ life. And that came because of a question posed by our next speaker, and I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from New Jer-sey (Mr. S
IRES), the ranking member of 
the House Subcommittee on the West-ern Hemisphere. 
Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentlewoman for allowing me to speak tonight. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express 
my disappointment and deep concerns regarding the administration’s plan for loosening the sanctions and initiating diplomatic discussions with the Cuban dictatorship. It is naive and misguided to think that this is going to give us the long-desired political and economic changes that the Cuban people deserve. 
In fact, just a few days after the an-
nouncement, Raul Castro made sure to dispel any misgivings and brazenly de-clared that the regime would not aban-don its communist path, let alone loos-en its stranglehold over the people of Cuba. I feel that the administration has abandoned all those Cuban people for all those years who fought for human rights and democracy in Cuba. I 
feel that those people who are still lin-gering in the Cuban jails are so dis-appointed in this administration’s ef-forts. 
You know, the Alan Gross release 
should have been something joyous. And we all wanted Alan Gross released because he was incarcerated for no rea-son other than he was foreign. But to release three Cuban spies or a network of spies that exists in this country cur-rently is just not acceptable. Alan Gross should have been released on his own. He did nothing. He just went to Cuba to establish some sort of commu-nication for this community. 
The other thing that is troubling me, 
coming from New Jersey, is the fact that there was no discussion about any extradition of the criminals that are currently in Cuba. There are over 100 criminals in Cuba, including Joanne Chesimard, who killed a State trooper in New Jersey point blank 30 years ago. She escaped to Cuba. She has been en-joying the sun, she has been enjoying the beach. Meanwhile, Trooper Werner Foerster’s family for over 30 years grew up without a father. And yet we can’t seem to get this government to think that it is important that we bring these people to justice. As a matter of fact, the FBI has named Joanne Chesimard as number one in the list of terrorists that they want back. 
So to me it was very disappointing 
because the people of New Jersey, after all these years, are still trying to bring this woman to justice. 
People tell me, well, we negotiate 
and we trade with Vietnam, we trade with China. We trade with other coun-tries. And I say this: that is not the is-land that I want in Cuba. We haven’t helped Vietnam’s people at all. There is still no freedom, and there are human rights abuses. You look at China, it is the same thing. You look at North Korea, it is the same thing. I don’t want that for the island where I was born. And I surely don’t want that kind of government 90 miles away from this country. You know, the history of Cuba, all in the past 50 years of this dictatorship, has been one to try to hurt this country as much as it can, and I certainly don’t want that 90 miles from this country. 
The administration with this effort 
has taken away what we believe was a pressure point on a communist dicta-torship 90 miles from this country. It has taken away how we can pressure this island. First of all, Russia can’t help them any more. Russia used to help Cuba to the tune of $4 billion a year. Venezuela can’t any more. Ven-ezuela is falling apart. There are 30,000 Cubans in Venezuela trying to create the same type of country that we have in Cuba. 
And at this point, we take away this 
pressure and basically give millions of dollars to this dictatorship. People may not know it, but any time any-body sends any money to Cuba, the Cuban government keeps 30 percent of it. So if you raised it from $500 to 
$2,000, you tell me how many millions that is going to be. When you go to all of the beaches and to the restaurants, that is all government owned. In Cuba, if you want to set up a business, you have to negotiate with the govern-ment. 
If I want to set up a business and I 
need 100 workers, I don’t go out and get 100 workers, I go out and speak to the government and the government tells me you have to pay $15 an hour. They in turn give those workers $2–3 an hour. That is not helping the Cuban people in their economics. That is not helping them move forward. 
So I think it is really naive to think 
that these kinds of changes are going to help. You know, I can only think back when I was young, and I came to this country at the age of 11. I remem-ber when they took all of the books out of the school system and started the indoctrination process. I remember the military coming into my house and they took inventory. My mother and father were poor people, but they took inventory of everything that was in the house. And they threatened my parents that if anything was missing at the time we got our visa, it would be re-voked. 
This is not the country that I want 
for Cuba. I want a country with democ-racy. I want a country where human 
rights are observed. And yet, for 50 years this dictatorship has been kill-ing. 
People talk about Raul Castro as 
some sort of a changer. People forget that Raul Castro and Che Guevara were the ones who set up the firing squads in Cuba that killed thousands of people. Thousands of people were killed by the firing squads. 
So I rise today in total disappoint-
ment, and I hope that this administra-tion sees that this is not the way for-ward, that this is a hardened dictator-ship, and that the only way we can deal with this dictatorship is through pres-sure. Through pressure is the only way to deal with these people, especially at this time. There is nobody that is going to come out and bail out Cuba. 
b2045 
Just last year, they were funneling 
arms to North Korea right in our back-yard. Is this the kind of government we want 90 miles from our shores? 
I thank my good friends for having 
this hour, allowing me to express my sentiments, and I thank all my col-leagues who are here speaking with the same approach. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as 
you heard from Mr. S
IRES, he was born 
and reared in Cuba, but you don’t have to be a Cuban American to understand the principles that are at stake here. One person who knows that is a won-derful congressman from our great State of Florida. So I am proud to yield to the gentleman from Florida, G
US 
BILIRAKIS . 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Thank you for hold-
ing this very important Special Order. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.041 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H216 January 12, 2015 
Way back in the Florida Legislature, 
when I was a member of the Cuban Caucus, so proud to be a member of the Cuban Caucus, I started speaking out against the Castro brothers’ brand of oppression. 
Over the past 5 years, I joined with 
all of you to decry Alan Gross’ arrest. I am thankful for his recent release. Alan Gross’ freedom was long overdue, we all agree. I am glad he is safely on U.S. soil, but a large injustice remains: the plights of Cuban citizens, who have suffered for over five decades under the Castro regime in search of basic human rights and political freedoms that we as Americans, frankly, take for grant-ed. 
Then, almost out of nowhere, the 
Obama administration decides to nor-malize relations with Cuba. This will allow American dollars to the rescue of the Castro brothers at a critical time. 
Their normal economic benefactors— 
Russia and Venezuela—cannot afford to help. Now, more than ever, economic sanctions can be used as an effective tool to force the Castro regime to af-ford basic human rights and political freedoms to all of Cuba’s citizens. 
Scholars have noted that normalizing 
our economic policy with oppressive countries, like China or Vietnam, have produced no significant improvements in human rights treatment. 
Given the precedent, there is no rea-
son to believe the situation with Cuba will yield significant different results. In fact, we already know that the suf-fering for Cuba’s citizens will continue, unfortunately. Raul Castro proclaimed that there would be no renunciation of any of their principles. Cuban restric-tions on free speech, assembly, and press will remain. They proved it just this last week. 
Travel and tourism will remain 
strictly controlled by the Castro re-gime. Tourism dollars that Americans will spend will go directly to the op-pressors. 
We cannot ignore the sense of be-
trayal that Cuban defectors feel in re-sponse to the President’s plan. We should be demanding genuine freedom: release of all political prisoners, uni-versal human rights, Democratic prin-ciples, and a free market for the Cuban people. 
In order to ensure the citizens of 
Cuba stand a chance to benefit from this ill-advised agreement, Cuba’s des-pots must relinquish control and eradi-cate their tools of tyranny. Actual human rights reforms must occur be-fore any commercial or political nor-malization takes place. 
I will continue to monitor the ac-
tions on the island in search of positive movement. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , I 
thank you for your clear and con-sistent message that restrictions should not be lifted against the Castro regime until those conditions are met. 
Our next speaker, Mr. Speaker, is the 
gentleman from Alabama, Congress-man B
RADLEY BYRNE , who so under-stands that good trade is based on free 
and fair countries that cherish the principles upon which our great coun-try was founded—freedom, democracy, respect for the rule of law—all of which are missing in today’s Cuba. His great city of Mobile, Alabama, will greatly benefit once we have free trade and fair trade with a Democratic Cuba. I yield to the gentleman from Mobile, Ala-bama. 
Mr. BYRNE. I thank the gentle-
woman, both for your time and for your leadership on this very important issue. 
As she said, I represent Mobile, Ala-
bama. If you go and look at a map, it is a straight shot north from Havana to Mobile. For over three centuries, Mo-bile has been a major port for the ex-port of goods and import of goods back and forth between Cuba and the United States. It is in the economic best inter-est of the people in my district for us to get to the point where we have nor-malized relations and trade with Cuba. 
I should be ardently in favor of this 
deal that the President is pursuing, but I am not. This is not the time, these are not the circumstances, and—to put it simply—this is not the way to do this. 
Let me address the way for a mo-
ment. It has been alluded to previously that we have done deals with China and with Vietnam. In both cases, the Presi-dents involved worked with Congress. That is critically important to what-ever success they have had in both of those deals. 
In this circumstance, the President 
has refused to work with Congress. You can’t reach the sort of agreement that he is looking for without Congress. You can’t have an embassy unless we are willing to pay for it. You can’t have an ambassador unless the Senate approves the ambassador. 
He is pursuing what, in essence, is an 
errand that cannot result in success that he is looking for, but he is pur-suing it anyway without us because this is just another example of these ef-forts to make these unilateral, execu-tive-type decisions, leaving Congress to decide to try to keep itself relevant as he becomes a lameduck President. That is no way to do this. 
Let me address the circumstances. I 
can’t say it any better than the prior speakers have said it. This is a brutally oppressive regime that cannot change, and until they change, until they put in motion the things that we are talk-ing about for change, I don’t see how a country like the United States can se-riously engage in negotiations with them. 
Most importantly, for me, from my 
perspective, I serve on the House Armed Services Committee—I don’t think I have to tell everybody here the history of this country—this country with this regime in charge allowed the then-Soviet Union to put nuclear mis-
siles aimed at the United States on their soil. They have never apologized for that; they have never renounced that. As we heard earlier, just a year ago, 
they were caught redhanded in an arms deal with the North Koreans, who are presently enemies of the United States. What sort of assurance do we have as part of this deal that Cuba is not going to be a staging ground for military ac-tivity, terrorist activity, against the people and the security of the United States of America? Nothing, nothing; yet we engaged in this deal, a very bad deal from my perspective—and I don’t want to take anything away from the American citizen who we were able to bring back home—but look who we traded in return for that. 
It reminds me of the Bergdahl deal 
we had last year that was so very con-troversial. This administration doesn’t know how to make a good deal. They know how to give everything away and get very little back. 
I want to normalize relationships 
with Cuba. I want us to open up that trade again because it is going to ben-efit my district. 
I am willing to do anything I can to 
help make that happen, but this coun-try should never give in to people like the Castro brothers until there is a change in that regime, until there is a change in the Government of Cuba, until they renounce their activities that have been against the security of the United States, until we know that we have a good faith trading partner and a good faith partner, period, in this hemisphere. 
I look forward to the day when I can 
stand at the Port of Mobile and wel-come goods coming in from Cuba and goods going out from Mobile to Cuba as part of a deal that is made in the right way, under the right circumstances, for the right reason. I hope and pray that that day comes, but that day is not today. 
I thank the gentlewoman for her 
leadership. I look forward to con-tinuing to follow that leadership in the days to come. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Thank you 
very much. I am so thankful to my good friend from Mobile, Alabama, for his words, because he understands that American principles are not for sale. 
I would like to point out, Mr. Speak-
er, that every country with whom the Castro brothers do business is a coun-try to whom they owe a lot of money. They have not paid all of their bills to any businesses, and they have not paid what they owe to any country, and it would be all the same for Mobile, Ala-bama. Thank you for standing up for U.S. values. 
Now, I am so pleased to yield to my 
good friend from South Carolina, a gen-tleman who understands the threat to our hemisphere. Why? Because he is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ), my 
good friend. 
Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. I 
thank the gentlewoman from Florida for her leadership on this issue, not just today, but for her whole tenure in Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.043 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H217 January 12, 2015 
As the new chairman of the House 
Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, I was grateful to see the return of Alan Gross to the United States last month after 5 years of unjust imprisonment in Cuba. The announcement over this past weekend that the Cubans freed 53 prisoners was also welcome news. 
Nevertheless, I have major concerns 
with the way this administration, the Obama administration, conducted ne-gotiations and the way the decision was made to radically alter long-standing U.S. policy towards Cuba. 
The administration failed to consult 
Congress, failed to consult any Cuban dissidents or civil society in its deci-sion to embark on its new course in Cuba. The administration says this de-cision will empower the Cuban people; yet softening U.S. policy without con-crete Cuban reforms will only boost the Castro regime and government and fa-cilitate the survival of the communist regime. 
We need to focus not on what is best 
for the Cuban Government, the Castro regime, we need to focus on what is best for the Cuban people. 
I ask you this: Will this deal mean 
more self-governance for the Cuban people? Will it mean more economic freedom for those who strive to inno-vate, those that are entrepreneurial within the Cuban society? Will they be able to start more businesses and have economic freedom? Will there be more religious freedom for the Cuban people? Will there be more rights to free speech? Are the Cuban people seeing this debate tonight on Cuban TV? Are the Cuban people able to access the Internet and watch what we are doing via YouTube or any other media? These are rhetorical questions, but I answer them with ‘‘no,’’ based on my understanding. 
I recall it was only 1 week after the 
announcement of this U.S.-Cuba deal that the Cuban Government cracked down on peaceful protestors in Hava-na’s Revolutionary Square. I point to that as evidence that it is still a closed communistic society. 
In conclusion, the administration’s 
decision is a reward to the communist dictatorship at the expense of the Cuban people. This action is especially disgraceful when we consider the ad-ministration’s disrespect toward our friend and ally in Canada by vowing to veto legislation approving the con-struction of the Keystone pipeline. 
These are issues that require vig-
orous congressional oversight. I look forward to working with the ranking member, Mr. S
IRES, that you just heard 
from, as we hold hearings in the Sub-committee on the Western Hemisphere in the coming weeks and month. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Thank you so 
much, Mr. D
UNCAN . We are so pleased 
that we have this dynamic duo of the chairman and the ranking member of Western Hemisphere. You are so right to point out, Mr. D
UNCAN , that there is 
no freedom of the press in Cuba. That is one of the many freedoms that 
Cuban people are denied. 
Now, I yield to my colleague from 
Florida, Congressman R ONDESANTIS , 
who is a war veteran, but who under-stands that the war for freedom and de-mocracy takes on many fronts, a mem-ber of our House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. 
Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I would 
just like to recognize my colleague from Florida because she is just not only on the House floor fighting for freedom for the Cuban people, with whom she obviously has ancestral rela-tions, she fights for freedom for every-body. Whether it is in Venezuela or Iran, she is there; you can set your clock to it. 
When I first heard about these con-
cessions, I was really scratching my head. I texted some of my colleagues, and I was like: ‘‘We are not really get-ting anything for this.’’ 
Sure enough, Raul Castro goes out, 
talks to the people, and says: ‘‘We are not changing. We are not changing anything.’’ They are staying exactly with the values that they have been with from the beginning, which are an-tagonistic to freedom, antagonistic to everything we hold dear in the United States. 
b2100 
You know, when you look at coun-
tries like Cuba, a lot of times you don’t even need to get into the nitty-gritty. There are just certain signs where you know the nature of the regime. For ex-ample, when you look at communism in Eastern Europe, you don’t have to look at the daily life or any of that. You just look at the fact that there was a Berlin Wall that kept people in like caged animals. If you look at the differences between North and South Korea, all you have to do is look at that satellite photo at night, where South Korea is lit up like a Christmas tree and North Korea is a land of dark-ness and despair. 
For me, when I think of what is the 
nature of the Cuban regime, I think all you need to know is that you have tens of thousands of people living in Cuba. It is a nice island, it has great weather, and they are suffocated so much that they are willing to swim across 90 miles of shark-infested waters—the Florida Straits—knowing that they are probably going to die. That is all you need to know. 
This is a Stalinist regime. And as my 
colleague from Alabama mentioned, the Cuban missile crisis wasn’t even just that there were nuclear weapons in Cuba pointed at the United States. Fidel Castro was telling Khrushchev to fire them into the United States. We actually were fortunate that Nikita Khrushchev was actually the cooler head in that. So if Castro had his way, there would have been nuclear weapons sent here. And so this is the nature of the regime. 
So what are you doing with this pol-
icy? To me, I look at it very simply. I think this fact is true. Every single 
dollar spent in Cuba benefits the Cas-tro regime. Every single dollar. Europe doesn’t have restrictions. Most of the other world doesn’t have restrictions. Have the Cuban people benefited from that? Has their standard of living gone up? No. This all goes to benefit the government. 
To me, this is the worst possible time 
to throw the Castro regime a lifeline. If you look at what is happening in Cara-cas, if you look at what is happening in Moscow, these regimes are buckling be-cause of the decline in the price of oil. 
So this is a moment of profound 
weakness for the Castro regime. And giving them these concessions is ex-actly what the Castro regime wants. I am scratching my head trying to figure out: What do we get in return for this? 
The Americans who had property 
seized when Castro took power, are any of them getting their property back? No. 
What about the Cuban Americans 
who had to flee? They had their busi-nesses taken, property taken. Are any of them going to get any type of rec-ompense? Of course, not. 
What about freedom of speech, polit-
ical rights, the ability to participate in political life and criticize those in power? Is that being extended to the Cuban people? Not on your life. Noth-ing. 
I will say, it is interesting—and my 
colleague from Florida mentioned this—the dismal credit rating that Cuba has. They don’t pay back any loans. Are we then going to extend Ex-port-Import Bank loans that are backed by the taxpayer to do business in Cuba? The American taxpayer is going to have to end up paying for that. That is not a good source of busi-ness for our taxpayers. 
The tragedy of this is we have given 
away leverage that could have come in handy. These Castro brothers are on their last legs. When they finally leave the scene, we want to use the leverage we have to leverage a democratic tran-sition. Instead, we are essentially nor-malizing status quo. So if the Stalinist dictatorship survives beyond the Cas-tros due to U.S. support, you are going to have 11 million Cubans who are con-signed to another generation of tyr-anny. 
I will just say one more thing. When 
I read the media coverage—and I think I can say this because I am not from south Florida—the coverage is so nega-tive about Cuban Americans who fled Castro. They say: Oh, they’re living in the past. This is anachronistic, all this stuff. 
For me, the people that I want to 
talk to to know the true nature of the regime are the people who suffered under the regime, the people who were forced to flee and who had family mem-bers killed, had family members in prison. That, to me, is the number one source of information that I would look to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.044 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H218 January 12, 2015 
And so the media frames it as if 
somehow the American policy is anach-ronistic. I think it is the Castro re-gime, based on Stalinist principles, that is anachronistic, and yet it con-tinues to lumber on. And the tragedy of this is that we are giving them a critical lifeline so that they can con-tinue having their country governed like a political prison. 
So I appreciate you organizing this, 
my colleague in Florida. We are giving speeches here tonight, but we need to act in this body, and we need to show that this policy does not represent the will of the American people and does not represent what is best for people in Cuba that are struggling for freedom. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Thank you so 
much, Mr. D
ESANTIS . You are so right 
when you categorized this unilateral bad deal as an economic lifeline to the Castro regime. 
A person who understands that just 
as well as you do is our next speaker, the gentleman from Iowa, a senior member of the House Committee on Agriculture, Congressman S
TEVE KING. 
He can say: Hey, my State is going to benefit a lot by this deal. 
The sad reality, as Mr. K
INGand I 
know, is that Castro doesn’t pay his debt. As we had just said with the other speaker, he owes everybody money. This deal will not strengthen U.S. national security. It will not be good for America’s farmers, and it will not be good for the people of Cuba. 
Congressman K
ING. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I thank the gen-
tlewoman from Florida for organizing this Special Order, and I associate my-self with her words and her position and also that of the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ). I didn’t, Mr. 
Speaker, realize how much was in him about this issue. It was instructive for me to listen to that stream forward. 
I have had the privilege of serving 
here in this Congress with a good num-ber of Members that do a great job of representing the interests of the Cuban people, and I also had the privilege of going to Cuba on a legal trip some years ago before I came to this Con-gress. But I would take you back, Mr. Speaker, to a time in 1959 and trace some of this history. 
The revolution against Batista in 
1959 was back before we had as many replays on television as we have today. And I recall watching the revolution in Cuba, and as Castro took over, as the promise came that they were going to bring democracy to Cuba—that was the promise. It was going to be democracy; it was going to be free and fair elec-tions, a government of, by, and for the people of Cuba; and they were going to choose their leadership. 
But I remember seeing on television 
the videos of the people who were lined up against the wall and executed with-out a proper trial, executed without true justice. I remember in particular— it is branded in my memory—a man who insisted: If you are to shoot me here in front of this wall, let me give the order for my own execution. And he 
stood there in a Cuban shirt down to here—white pants, white shirt—and he raised his hand and faced the firing squad and dropped his own hand. That was the signal to the firing squad. They fired. He was shot to death in front of that wall, along with many, many others. 
We don’t know at this point how 
many political prisoners have been exe-cuted, how many have died in custody. We have got a list of some; we don’t have a list of all. But we know this: it has never been, since that time in 1959, a government of, by, and for the people of Cuba. 
And the hope that there will be the 
day that the Cuban people would be free was manifested—or at least at-tempted to be manifested—at the Bay of Pigs. I would have liked to have seen the air cover that would have made that be successful. We didn’t get that. But we look for the day to come ever since that the Cuban people could be free. The Cuban people could be free. 
Since that time, there has been the 
nationalization of the real property, which we heard from Mr. D
ESANTIS . At 
the time that Castro took control of Cuba, 25 percent of the real estate in Cuba was owned by Americans. They held deeds to that property. There was other land in Cuba that was owned by people from other nationalities. 
Every other country was com-
pensated for their real estate, except Americans. No American that I know of has been compensated for their real estate. They hold those deeds to this today, sometimes a second generation. 
Before I came to this Congress, while 
I was there, there was also a situation where the exchange rate for Cuban peso to dollar was 21 to 1 at that time. And so if anyone achieved an American dol-lar, they could take it into a dollar store and they would get one peso’s worth of goods for it or they could de-posit it into a Cuban bank and they would get one peso for that. That is a 20-peso difference. And that is one of the things that supported the Castro regime financially. 
Another thing that happened was 
sugar was 6 cents a pound. The Rus-sians paid them 52 cents a pound in oil for the sugar. That was a subsidy of Cuba. When the Soviet Union—it was the Soviet Union rather than just the Russians—collapsed, then the subsidy for Cuba also collapsed and the Cuban economy was no longer propped up. 
You saw Russian tractors sitting out 
there, having been stripped for parts, in the only country in the world I know that had gone from mechanized agri-culture to animal husbandry agri-culture because their machines no longer worked. And the taxicabs are driven by doctors, with a five-cylinder Russian diesel under the hood of a 1954 Chevrolet. 
This country has been frozen in time. 
It has a collapsed and failed economy. It has been propped up by the subsidy of, first, the Soviet Union, and then later on, the Venezuelans, who are col-
lapsing, themselves, today. 
This is a country of people that are 
vigorous people. They are an outgoing, hardworking, I will say, gregarious people. I thought I would see people down there that had the thousand-yard hopeless stare. I am sure that exists. But I also saw people that worked hard and they kept their chin up and they kept a smile on their face. 
I thought, If these people could be 
unleashed, if they could be unleashed by the heartbeat of freedom, if we could just get them that opportunity to be who they are, they would become a very, very successful island and trad-ing partner and a nation unto them-selves and, one day, an ally of the United States. 
So my dream has been to help them 
with that opportunity, and my dream has been to one day swim ashore at the Bay of Pigs and walk out and wade onto a free Cuba, with a free Cuban. 
But, Mr. Speaker, the Cuban people 
have been burdened with more than five decades of Marxist slavery that they have had to face. And this policy of the President’s that comes right on the cusp of what is likely the biological solution in Cuba, which would be the end of the Castro brothers that would come along naturally and the oppor-tunity to bring about a regime change in Cuba, the President of the United States may well have handed Cuba an-other 50 years of living in Marxist slav-ery when he had just the opportunity for them to be free. 
So our policy here in this Congress, I 
am hopeful, is the policy that says: re-gime change in Cuba and a government of, by, and for the people of Cuba. And I, one day, hope and pray to do what I have said with my colleagues here and many others, and that is swim ashore at the Bay of Pigs and wade out on the 
shore of a free Cuba. 
God bless them all. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Thank you so 
much, Mr. K
ING. That is our fervent 
hope as well. And we work and we pray every day for that dream of a free Cuba to come alive. We thank you for your voice here tonight. Thank you, my good friend from Iowa. 
Mr. Speaker, many people talk about 
the last generation of Cuban exiles and how this is really not the dream of young Cuban Americans who were born here in the United States, reared here in the United States. They come from Cuban families, but they really don’t much care about freedom and democ-racy and the land of their ancestors. 
This next speaker, Mr. Speaker, is a 
newly elected gentleman who under-stands that that search for a free and democratic Cuba is a yearning that lives very fervently in his heart, and that is the Congressman from West Virginia, Congressman A
LEX MOONEY , 
who was born here, as American as apple pie, but comes from a proud lin-eage of Cuban American heritage. 
Thank you, Mr. M
OONEY . 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. I 
want to thank Congresswoman I LEANA  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.045 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H219 January 12, 2015 
ROS-LEHTINEN for arranging this im-
portant Special Order to show soli-darity with the Cuban people as they continue to live under an oppressive re-gime. 
Mr. Speaker, President Obama has 
senselessly yielded ground, with no stipulations for reform, to the Cuban regime, with the announcements of a secret deal going around Congress to ‘‘normalize’’ relations. This misguided grab for a legacy item has cost our country and the Cuban people a valu-able bargaining chip for their freedom. 
Of course, this is yet another foreign 
policy failure or, more accurately, uni-lateral surrender from this administra-tion. From the bright red line in Syria, which was crossed with impunity, to sending a secret message to President Putin that, ‘‘After the election, I will be more flexible,’’ to now rewarding ty-rants in Cuba who continue to deny basic human rights to their oppressed citizens, President Obama has chosen wrong policies. 
The despotic government the Presi-
dent would normalize relations with has, for decades, sought to subjugate the Cuban people’s appetite for free-dom. The many realized American Dreams of Cuban refugees, including my mother, are a great testament to the greatness of the United States and our constitutional rights. As the bea-con of freedom in the world, America must continue to use sensible policy to protect our values around the world and in our own backyard. 
b2115 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Thank you so 
much, Mr. M
OONEY . We are a better 
Congress for you being a part of it. Thank you so much for being proud of your American heritage and your Cuban American ancestry as well. So, welcome to Congress, sir. 
Mr. Speaker, I am about to introduce 
another millennial, another one of this younger generation of Cuban Ameri-cans who the press continues to say don’t represent the desires of this new generation. 
Well, C
ARLOS CURBELO is one of our 
newest elected officials. He was born here in the United States, doesn’t know Cuba, and is less than 35 years old but understands that yearning for a free Cuba. We are so pleased as punch to have him here as a Member of our Congress. 
I yield to the gentleman from Florida 
(Mr. C
URBELO ). 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. I thank the 
gentlelady for yielding, and I thank her for her tireless advocacy and work on this very, very important cause. 
Mr. Speaker, during the 56 years of 
the Cuban tragedy, also known as the Cuban Revolution, there had always been two constants. 
First, the nature of the Castro re-
gime, a dictatorship that brutally re-presses its own people, and that aggres-sively opposes U.S. national security interests throughout the globe. That has not changed. The second was that, to varying de-
grees, the occupant of the White House had always been on the side of the Cuban people and in opposition to their oppressors, who for decades have col-laborated with America’s most dan-gerous allies. Today, this is, regret-tably, no longer the case. 
By trading an American hostage, cru-
elly held by Cuba’s dictators for 5 years, for three criminals convicted of spying against our government, includ-ing one who was serving a lifetime sen-tence for conspiring to murder Amer-ican citizens, the President sent a mes-sage to our enemies that the United States can be extorted. 
What was the Cuban government’s 
reward for holding an American hos-tage for 5 years? Three convicted spies and full diplomatic relations, plus an economic bailout for a financially and morally bankrupt regime. 
The men who rule Cuba today are the 
same men who had nuclear missiles in-stalled on the island and pointed them at the United States, as my colleague from Alabama stated earlier. When they were cash-rich, they ran a robust military and deployed troops through-out the world to fight alongside our most dangerous enemies. 
They have trained and supported ter-
rorist groups such as Colombia’s FARC. They ordered three American citizens and one resident blown out of the sky in the tragic shootdown of Feb-ruary 24, 1996. 
A few months ago, they were caught 
shipping arms illegally to North Korea, and they collaborated with the Ven-ezuelan government in last year’s bru-tal crackdown, which resulted in the death of over 40 students. 
Human rights atrocities by the dicta-
torship against its people continue. The Castro regime consistently resorts to violence because they know it is the only way they can maintain control 
since the Cuban people are desperate to be free. 
The President’s decision to ease sanc-
tions only serves to bolster the dicta-torship and its apparatus of repression. There is virtually no private sector in Cuba. More than 85 percent of Cubans work for government controlled-enter-prises and earn less than $20 a month. 
Foreign investment doesn’t benefit 
the average Cuban. Cubans that work for corporations with foreign capital are only allowed to keep 8 percent of their salaries. Cuban workers are, in ef-fect, slaves of the dictatorship. 
Now, it is important to note, Mr. 
Speaker, President Obama’s adminis-tration approved sanctions in recent months against Venezuela and North Korea. Why, then, is it rewarding an enemy of the United States just 90 miles from our shores that actively collaborates with both of these re-gimes? 
Why does the President insist on an 
incoherent foreign policy that too often rewards our enemies and pun-ishes our allies? 
As other American Presidents have 
shown us in the past, peace through weakness and appeasement is not an ef-
fective strategy for dealing with Cuba’s military dictatorship. 
We also have to ask ourselves, what 
kind of neighborhood do we want to live in? 
The Americas, the Western Hemi-
sphere, is the American neighborhood of the world. What kind of standards do we want for this part of the world? 
Do we want to endorse the chronic 
abuse of human rights, the imprison-ment of people who disagree? 
That is the nature of the Cuban gov-
ernment, and we, the United States of America and, by the way, the other na-tions of this hemisphere, have agreed that we support a democratic form of government, and that we want this part of the world to be free without ex-ception. There is one glaring exception, and it is Cuba. 
Our sanctions policy, some say, well, 
it hasn’t worked. Of course the sanc-
tions have worked. The sanctions have denied billions and billions and billions of dollars to a regime that would use those profits to oppose our interests throughout the world. 
What did the regime do when it had 
resources? 
It had troops all over the world. It 
exported revolution. And if you don’t know what exporting revolution means, in the context of Cuba, it means aggressively opposing American interests throughout the world. 
Today, we remember in a very special 
way, Mario Manuel de la Pena, Carlos Costa, Armando Alejandre, and Pablo Morales. These were the men who were brutally assassinated by the Cuban re-gime on February 24 of 1996. 
One of the spies was convicted of con-
spiring to murder these young men, three of whom were American citizens, and the other was a resident of our country. These four men are dead, and the Cuban spies are free. 
But it isn’t too late, Mr. Speaker. 
The President still has time to get back on the right side of this issue and on the right side of history by standing against Cuba’s dictators, with the vic-tims of their brutality, and for a strong American foreign policy that advances our national security interests. 
Again, I want to thank my distin-
guished colleague from south Florida for her leadership. We have admired her for so many years for her work on this issue. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Thank you so 
much, Mr. C
URBELO . You are a fresh 
young voice, and I thank you and Mr. M
OONEY for being here tonight. 
Mr. Speaker I am so pleased to yield 
to a gentleman who understands what freedom is all about. He was one of the speech writers for our great President, Ronald Reagan. He is a senior member of the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. In fact, he is the chairman of the Europe Subcommittee, and he is here tonight with one of his triplets, Christian, who wants to be an author and an inventor. 
I look at Christian, this new genera-
tion, and I think, what kind of life 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.046 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H220 January 12, 2015 
would he have under the communist 
tyranny of Cuba, as opposed to the freedom and democracy that we enjoy here? 
So with that, I am pleased as punch 
to yield to my good friend from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ). 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Thank you 
very much. 
America is about to send a message 
to the world exactly on whose side are we on, and I am very proud to stand here with my colleagues, standing on the side of liberty, of justice, of treat-ing people decently, of government that serves the people rather than a systematic government that requires the people to serve them, the bureauc-racy, the tyrants that hold power. 
That is what this is all about. Let’s 
get an understanding of who this Cas-tro gang is. Castro murdered the free-dom fighters who overthrew the dic-
tatorial government of Batista back in the 1950s. 
Castro, himself, took people out who 
had fought against the dictatorship of Batista and shot them in the head. These were people that risked their lives to bring democracy to Cuba, and this man co-opted their revolution. 
He has allied himself, over the years, 
with gangsters and tyrants throughout the world. He has had a safe haven for the drug dealers of Latin America, who look to him as the moderator of any disputes between these monstrous gangsters who murder each other and murder anyone who gets in their way. 
He has allied with these drug dealers. 
But also, during the cold war he was al-lied to the hilt to the communist movement throughout the world. He wanted his country to become a nu-clear base to attack and drop nuclear bombs on the people of the United States. 
Let’s not forget that. This is the man 
who wanted to kill Americans by the millions. For us now, oh, well, that is history; let bygones be bygones. 
Are you kidding me? This is the guy that we need to send 
a message to. When people have that much hatred of the United States, un-dermine the freedom of the people in of the world, we are not just going to sit aside and forgive him of these things. 
Oh, by the way, he is not even asking 
for forgiveness. The Castro regime is just saying, accept us as we are, a country that has had more political prisoners than almost any other coun-try of this hemisphere, and we are just going to accept them as they are. 
Well, remember, when people were 
struggling during the cold war against communism, Castro was on the wrong side. During the cold war, he was the one who wanted to kill Americans by the millions by having Soviet missiles in his country. 
Finally, what does this agreement 
that this administration—what will be the effect of it? 
Oh, yeah, they say, we have been 
told, well, if you just have free trade people are going to get better. There is going to be liberalism. I call this the ‘‘hug a Nazi, make a 
liberal’’ theory. The fact is that Fidel Castro, just like the Chinese Com-munists, I might add, no matter how much trade we have, they will manipu-late it so that the clique that is in power, the clique that has been able to monstrously oppress their own people, take that wealth, manipulate that wealth that is coming into the country to cement their own power. 
It is very clear what this man has 
and his clique have in mind, and that is continuing their oppression of the Cuban people. 
Let’s not be partners to that. Let us 
again, stand for liberty, stand for jus-tice. 
The Soviet Union has fallen. It is 
time for Castro and communism in Cuba to fall as well. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Thank you so 
much, Mr. R
OHRABACHER . And you so 
rightly point out that hours after President Obama announced, in a shocking way, that we would resume diplomatic relations with Cuba and the Castro regime does not have to change, Raul Castro put on his military uni-form and spoke to the oppressed island nation and said, hey, don’t worry. We are not changing a thing. It is still the same failed regime. 
We got nothing from that deal. Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased to yield 
to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
IAZ-BALART ), the chairman of the Ap-
propriations Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment. I had the honor of serving with his older brother. I have the honor of serving with his youngest brother now, M
ARIO. Born in the United States and, 
just like Carlos and A LEXMOONEY , Mr. 
CURBELO and Mr. M OONEY , a gentleman 
who is 100 percent American and so proud of 100 percent of his Cuban ances-try. 
Thank you, Mario. Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Let me first 
thank you, Madam Chairwoman, for 
your leadership. As we heard tonight, your leadership in the cause of freedom does not stop at the shores of Cuba. Wherever there is repression and op-pression, there is the clear concise voice of Chairwoman I
LEANA ROS- 
LEHTINEN , as we have heard again to-
night. 
Mr. Speaker, we have heard a lot. 
And I know that the time is getting short, but I want to quote somebody whom we have not quoted, as far as I remember here tonight, and this is President Obama. When Mr. Obama was running for President he stated what the right policy, what his policy would be to deal with the Cuban tyr-anny. 
He said: ‘‘My policy towards Cuba 
will be guided by one word, ‘libertad’— freedom. And the road to freedom for all Cubans must begin with justice for Cuba’s political prisoners, the right of free speech, a free press, freedom as-sembly, and it must lead to elections that are free and fair.’’ 
Mr. Obama went on to say: ‘‘I will 
maintain the embargo. It provides us with the leverage to present the regime 
with a clear choice. If you take signifi-cant steps towards democracy, begin-ning with the freedom of all—all—po-litical prisoners,’’ Mr. Obama said, ‘‘we will take steps to begin normalizing re-lations. That is the way to bring about real change in Cuba,’’ Mr. Obama said, ‘‘through strong, smart principled de-mocracy.’’ 
b2130 
Mr. Speaker, in essence, that day, 
then-candidate Obama, Senator Obama, and now-President Obama drew a red line about what the right policy was to deal with the Cuban regime; sadly, on December 17, President Obama announced that he was break-ing that promise, that he was, once again, crossing—breaking—his own red line. 
We have heard tonight that we have 
also heard from the vast majority of the pro-democracy leaders within the island who are struggling. They have objected to President Obama’s change of policy. Mr. Speaker, if President Obama doesn’t want to do it for the sake of a future of freedom for the Cuban people, he should stand firm for the sake of the national security inter-ests of the United States. 
As we have heard today—right now, 
as we speak, not 50 years ago—the Cuban regime harbors fugitives from American law, including cop killers and terrorists. What is President Obama’s answer? ‘‘No problem, we will normalize relations.’’ 
The Cuban regime has an active espi-
onage network against the interests of the United States. What is the Presi-dent’s answer to that? ‘‘No problem, we will normalize. You can continue to do that.’’ 
The Cuban regime shot down two 
American airplanes in international airspace; and for the people who are in prison, including one who was in prison for conspiracy to murder, not only is it okay—no problem, we will normalize— but no. We will send them back. You can go back home. 
Mr. Speaker, the night is late, but I 
know and I am confident that, unlike President Obama, this Congress will 
continue to stand firm with the cause of freedom and the cause of a free Cuba, even while President Obama does not. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Thank you so 
much, Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . You so elo-
quently stated that. We have so much to say, and we have run out of time. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will remind Members not to refer to guests on the floor of the House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.047 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H221 January 12, 2015 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 37, PROMOTING JOB CRE-ATION AND REDUCING SMALL BUSINESS BURDENS ACT; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 185, REGULATORY ACCOUNT-ABILITY ACT OF 2015; AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 240, DEPARTMENT OF HOME-LAND SECURITY APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the 
Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–2) on the resolution (H. Res. 27) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 37) to make technical corrections to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to enhance the ability of small and emerging growth companies to access capital through public and private markets, to reduce regulatory burdens, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 185) to reform the process by which Federal agencies analyze and formulate new regulations and guidance documents; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
AMERICA’S FREE TRADE DEFICIT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) 
until 10 p.m. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
this evening to paint a picture of U.S. job loss resulting from our trade poli-cies extending back now almost three decades. 
I rise because America has a huge 
‘‘good jobs’’ deficit because we have a gigantic trade deficit. That means more imports come in here than our exports go out, largely because mar-kets and other places are closed. Our workers and our communities have paid a tremendous price for this. 
I oppose any further NAFTA-like 
trade agreements, such as the Trans- Pacific Partnership, which the admin-istration is proposing. That will ship out more U.S. jobs. We have had enough. The American people have had enough. 
Since 1975, when Wall Street’s free 
trade job outsourcing roulette began, America has amassed a $9.3 trillion trade deficit with the world. If you look at this chart, we have on here every single trade agreement that was signed and all of the lost jobs that re-sulted from the growing trade deficits we are amassing with countries around the world. This has never happened be-fore over our history in the United States of America. It is a very serious problem. The staggering loss of productivity 
associated with this deficit translates into a huge job loss here at home. In fact, that $9.3 trillion of accumulated trade deficit of more imports coming in here than exports going out has actu-ally cost us over 47,500,000 lost Amer-ican jobs. 
Most of those were really good jobs 
that paid living wages, jobs that just evaporated from our communities, jobs that were shipped to Mexico or to China, Korea, Bangladesh, Honduras, Guatemala, Turkey, El Salvador—ev-erywhere in the world—largely to the Third World, and, frankly, to undemo-cratic countries where workers are treated like a bonded class. 
Our workers, no matter how loyal or 
hardworking, became expendable as this began. In fact, they were treated like expendable widgets. What is being hurt in the process is the belief of the public that the value of hard work has any meaning. There are some workers who have simply dropped out. 
Yes, American jobs are being 
outsourced year after year—for over a quarter century now—and workers are being treated like a game of musical chairs. Our jobs have been shipped out to penny-wage sweatshops hidden be-hind the Iron Curtain of anonymous towns in distant places most Ameri-cans will never visit. Anonymity, ex-ploitation, and hidden squalor are as fundamental to free trade as the hollowing out of American jobs, our communities, and our middle class. 
Those who exploit workers in our 
country and globally believe they are so powerful that the American people won’t be able to rein them in, and they think this Congress will continue to behave as it did before, despite the evi-dence that this doesn’t work for the American people. 
Some of those very powerful inter-
ests are asking for another Fast Track trade deal to do it all over again in something called the Trans-Pacific Partnership, on an even bigger scale, including nations with the grossest violations of basic human rights. 
Let me turn first to the broken 
promises of NAFTA, which was really the fundamental agreement passed— over my objections—in the early 1990s and another agreement, CAFTA, that dealt with Central America. Fast-for-ward to this past summer when thou-sands of migrant children from Central America swarmed our southern border. Remember that? 
The American press acted surprised 
upon their arrival, and some people even threw tomatoes at buses that car-ried children from one detention facil-ity to another. 
These children had lived under 20 
years of NAFTA and CAFTA in Mexico, Guatemala, El Salvador, and Honduras. They had experience with the NAFTA trade agreement and the CAFTA trade agreement, which covers those coun-tries, trade agreements that were sold as opportunities that would rise the tide of all boats, of all workers. What happened? Here in the United 
States, we had a huge loss of jobs to those countries, and Mexico’s and Cen-tral America’s infrastructures were not modernized. Their standard of living was not raised. 
In fact, the promise that those coun-
tries somehow would turn into stylisti-cally rustic versions of the American consumer market never happened. They were told new jobs would abound, but our Nation began to hemorrhage jobs to Mexico as wages in Mexico and throughout Central America began to drop. Those deficits became part of the overall total. 
The problem is that in most of these 
countries where the free trade agree-ments were signed, what you see hap-pening is more goods coming in here than our goods going out, a little trick-le going to some places. In Mexico, what happened ever since NAFTA’s passage was that we were promised trade balances. Every single year, it has gotten worse and worse and worse. 
This week, the broken promises sold 
to the American public and their elect-ed officials is that these agreements would really work. The people who voted for those agreements should pay some attention to the debate of trying to withhold funding for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security because of the President’s action on immigration. 
The stories of the youth being 
shipped back by the planeloads tell of families’ lands being stolen from under them. The land was handed over to multinational corporate agricultural groups that come in and grow, for ex-ample, palm oil. 
Local displaced farmers were forced 
into urban settings—desperate, in search of food, in search of work at fac-tories where jobs that were promised in return for the land—guess what—never materialized. Here on our own con-tinent, the children became the refu-gees of transnational economic policies that harmed the entire continent. 
Hardly anyone even talked about 
that; but when you have this kind of disruption, when you have so much job loss, and when you have land, transfer-ring title with millions of farmers dis-rupted from their way of life, what do we expect? 
Millions of displaced people in Mex-
ico and Central America living in the shadow of border plants and urban fac-tories exist in a state of peonage that makes older versions of slavery look positively beneficent, squatting on poisoned ground in jerry-rigged ply-wood and tar paper shacks. 
I have been in those shacks. I have 
gone to those places. When you do, you never forget it. Next door, water in gul-lies that surround these places is so polluted that communities smell of a rancid odor, and even chickens that they keep to try to feed themselves die from the drinking water. We have seen it. We have been there. 
The displaced population on the run 
is surging, thanks in large part to NAFTA and CAFTA’s agricultural pro-visions, those very flawed provisions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.049 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H222 January 12, 2015 
that provided no opportunity for ad-
justment as a First World nation met the economy of Third World nations. 
The terms of the agreement forced 
the revocation of land and allowed multinationals to begin buying up vast tracts in the interior, pushing untold millions of peasant farmers, who re-main nameless, off their land and into the labor pool of the maquiladoras; yet we, as Americans, are surprised when their children, as migrants, flock to our southern border. 
If we seriously looked at the impact 
of our free trade agreements, we would easily see the havoc wrought on local economies throughout the lands on the other side of the border. Those who forced this to happen should know the consequences of their policies and what they reap: legions of desperate workers willing to do anything to survive. 
Now, let me turn to the Trans-Pacific 
Partnership that proposes to expand trade into regions with the worst labor violations and working conditions. 
We can’t be fooled into thinking ex-
panding trade agreements with 11 new nations in the Pacific rim will actually be the end to American jobs being shipped overseas. Of the 11 nations with which the United States is negoti-ating the Trans-Pacific Partnership, nine have wage levels significantly lower than our own. 
This will only intensify the already 
real reduction in wages American workers are experiencing year after year as our jobs are shipped overseas to increase profits of shareholders as they take advantage of impoverished labor-ers. 
Worse yet, for the immigration de-
bate, as those who run the maquilas of Mexico and Central America realize, the next move will be to Vietnam for even cheaper labor. Factories on this continent will shut down, further exac-erbating the poor economic conditions of our southern neighbors, leaving even fewer options other than for those indi-viduals to flee north, seeking any eco-nomic opportunity to sustain them-selves. 
I wanted to spend a moment looking 
at the Korean agreement because that was one of the latest ones they brought up here as a free trade agreement. They promised there would be thou-sands of jobs and that America would be able to sell 50,000 vehicles to Korea. 
b2145 
Well, guess what. We haven’t even hit 
10,000, while there have been over 561,000—half a million—vehicles sent from Korea here. So look at what is happening with the Korean agreement, another free trade agreement which just passed a couple of years ago. The proof is in the pudding. 
The Fast Track procedure, which al-
lows no amendment here on the floor, yields this—more red ink for the United States. 
We were promised that the Korean 
agreement would create jobs and help balance our trade deficit in an effort to strengthen our economy and rebuild 
the American auto industry. Nothing could be further from the truth, as with every other agreement. 
We are in a deep trade deficit with 
Korea. The U.S.-Korean free trade agreement promised 70,000 jobs. In ac-tuality, we have already lost 40,000. It is going in exactly the opposite direc-tion. 
The U.S. Census Bureau recently re-
vealed that the United States had a $2.8 billion monthly trade deficit with Korea just in November of last year, the highest monthly U.S. goods trade deficit with Korea on record. The his-toric U.S. trade deficit with Korea was driven by a record-setting $6.3 billion in imports from Korea and a lackluster $3.5 billion in exports to Korea from the United States. Auto sales did not surge, as we were promised. Exactly the reverse is true. 
And now we can look at China. You 
know, the story is no different. You would think we would have learned something. But if you look at trade with China—and China became a mem-ber of the World Trade Organization in 2001—Americans were promised, again, that that deal would expand market opportunities for United States compa-nies, thereby increasing jobs here and American prosperity. 
How has this worked out? Let me 
share some specifics: 
The United States has lost over 64,000 
manufacturing firms and at least 5.8 million manufacturing jobs to China. In the year 2013, the latest complete year of data, America actually racked up a $319 billion trade deficit with China. And you know this to be true because everything you buy—coffee cups, clothing, electronics, even solar panels—are all made in China. And the massive deficit we have racked up with China just in 1 year—that 1 year— amounted to a loss of 1.5 million Amer-ican jobs. And that is just 1 year’s damage. 
What America needs is not more of 
the same NAFTA-styled trade agree-ments. What America and American workers need is a trade policy that cre-ates jobs, opportunity, and wealth in this country first. We need balanced trade accounts, not trade accounts that are in the red with every single country with which we have racked up these deficits. The American people— not just the global corporate elite— need to be in the driver’s seat again, and that is where Congress has to do its job. Our Nation needs a trade policy that is results-oriented, that will yield jobs in America. 
We must open closed markets of the 
world. We must grow our exports. We must hold those who wrote these agree-ments accountable for the damage that they have done, and we must not cre-ate any more free trade agreements that dig the hole deeper. 
We must create jobs here in our 
country by moving our Nation toward economic independence—not depend-ence—by rebuilding our own manufac-turing base here at home, by restoring 
our domestic energy security, and by making sure that these agreements re-sult not in deficits, but in trade bal-ances and, even more importantly, trade surpluses. 
Mr. Speaker, there are ways that a 
developed nation can trade with the de-veloping world without gutting its own economy. America has got to figure out how to get there. And no trade deal should be brought up here under that Fast Track procedure where Congress 
can’t amend until we fix what is wrong with these agreements. Haven’t we learned in three decades that that flawed trade model just simply isn’t working? 
Pushing huge trade agreements, like 
the Trans-Pacific Partnership, through Congress on a Fast Track course with no opportunity for amendment is not the way to create a strong middle class, rising wages, and real oppor-tunity for the American people. Now is the time to hold this administration and this Congress accountable for changing course and start to invest in this country again and make sure that these trade partners with whom we do business open their markets. To do any less is to continue to harm the Amer-ican people and continue to have this enormous downward pressure on job creation in this country and wage lev-els and benefit levels in this country, where the average American hasn’t seen a raise in years. We have to change. This is too great a price for the American people to pay. 
So this evening, I thank those who 
are listening for their time. I thank the Speaker for the time this evening. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. C OHEN (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of flight 
delay due to weather. 
Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD (at the request 
of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today. 
Ms. T ITUS (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on January 9, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 26. To extend the termination date of 
the Terrorism Insurance Program estab-lished under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 9 o’clock and 50 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, January 13, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JA7.050 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H223 January 12, 2015 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
18. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, 
Department of Homeland Security, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Suspen-sion of Community Eligibility, Caroline County, MD, et al. [Docket ID: FEMA-2014- 0002] [Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA- 8363] received January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
19. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s final rule — Assessments (RIN: 3064- AE16) received January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
20. A letter from the General Counsel, Pen-
sion Benefit Guaranty Corporation, trans-mitting the Corporation’s final rule — Title IV Treatment of Rollovers From Defined Contribution Plans to Defined Benefit Plans (RIN: 1212-AB23) received January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
21. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Clarification to Scope of Certain ‘‘600 Se-ries’’ ECCNs [Docket No.: 141119982-4982-01] (RIN: 0694-AG40) received January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
22. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revision to the Export Administration Regu-lations: Controls on Electronic Commodities; Exports and Reexports to Hong Kong [Dock-et No.: 141107937-4937-01] (RIN: 0694-AG33) re-ceived January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
23. A letter from the Director, Inter-
national Cooperation, Department of De-fense, transmitting pursuant to Section 27(f) of the Arms Export Control Act and Execu-tive Order 13637, Transmittal No. 13-14, in-forming the Congress of the Department’s in-tent to sign a Memorandum of Agreement with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Communications and Information Organisation (NCIO), as represented by the NATO Communications and Information Agency; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
24. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than trea-ties, entered into by the United States, to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
25. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Energy, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Fiscal Year 2014 Agency Financial Report; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
26. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s semiannual report from the Office of Inspector General for the period April, 1, 2014, through Sep-tember 30, 2014; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
27. A letter from the Director, Planning 
and Policy Analysis, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Federal Employees Health Benefits 
Program Miscellaneous Changes: Medically Underserved Areas (RIN: 3206-AN03) received January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
28. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zones within the Captain of the Port New Orleans Zone, Louisiana [Docket No.: USCG-2014-0993] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
29. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Regulated Navigation Area; Ar-thur Kill, NY and NJ [Docket No.: USCG- 2013-1063] (RIN: 1625-AA11) received January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
30. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone, Christina River; Wilmington, DE [Docket No.: USCG-2014- 1033] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
31. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Additional Requirements for Charitable Hospitals; Community Health Needs Assess-ments for Charitable Hospitals; Requirement of a Section 4959 Excise Tax Return and Time for Filing the Return [TD 9708] (RIN: 1545-BK57; RIN: 1545-BL30; RIN: 1545-BL58) re-ceived January 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
32. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Safe harbor methods of accounting for cable system operators (Rev. Proc. 2015- 12) received January 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
33. A letter from the Federal Register Liai-
son Officer, OLCA, OLDO, Office of Regula-tions and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Extension of Expira-tion Dates for Several Body System Listings [Docket No.: SSA-2014-0068] (RIN: 0960-AH72) received January 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
34. A letter from the Administrator, TSA, 
Department of Homeland Security, transmit-ting the Administration’s certification that the level of screening services and protection provided at Portsmouth International Air-port (PSM) at Pease will be equal to or greater than the level that would be provided at the airport by TSA Transportation Secu-rity Officers, pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 44920(d); to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
35. A letter from the Chairman, Medicare 
Payment Advisory Commission, transmit-ting a report to the Congress entitled ‘‘Im-pact of Home Health Payment Rebasing on Beneficiary Access to and Quality of Care’’, pursuant to Public Law 111-148, section 3301; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper 
calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 27. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 37) to make technical corrections to the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to enhance the ability of small and emerging growth companies to ac-cess capital through public and private mar-kets, to reduce regulatory burdens, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 185) to reform the process by which Federal agencies analyze and formu-late new regulations and guidance docu-ments; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–2). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mrs. ELLMERS (for herself, Mr. 
KIND, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. T HOMPSON  
of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 270. A bill to continue the use of a 3- 
month quarter EHR reporting period for health care providers to demonstrate mean-ingful use for 2015 under the Medicare and Medicaid EHR incentive payment programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Ms. 
F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. P ALAZZO , and 
Mr. R UIZ): 
H.R. 271. A bill to establish a commission 
to examine the evidence-based therapy treat-ment model used by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs for treating mental illnesses of veterans and the potential benefits of incor-porating complementary alternative treat-ments available in non-Department of Vet-erans Affairs medical facilities within the community; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mr. 
R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina): 
H.R. 272. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to increase the priority for en-rollment of medal of honor recipients in the health care system of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. RUSH: 
H.R. 273. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to enhance services to small busi-ness concerns that are disadvantaged, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
By Mr. RUSH: 
H.R. 274. A bill to lift the trade embargo on 
Cuba, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Energy and Commerce, the Judiciary, Financial Services, Oversight and Government Reform, and Agriculture, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12JA7.000 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H224 January 12, 2015 
By Mr. RUSH (for himself, Mr. B ARTON , 
Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Mr. D ENT): 
H.R. 275. A bill to establish a commission 
to identify and examine issues of national concern related to the conduct of intercolle-giate athletics, to make recommendations for the resolution of the issues, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 276. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of 
Homeland Security from using Federal funds for the position of Public Advocate, or the position of Deputy Assistant Director of Cus-
tody Programs and Community Outreach, within U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HASTINGS: 
H.R. 277. A bill to prohibit assistance to 
the Palestinian Authority until it withdraws its request to join the International Crimi-nal Court; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for 
himself and Ms. D
ELBENE): 
H.R. 278. A bill making supplemental ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2015 for the TIGER discretionary grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appro-priations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. R AN-
GEL): 
H.R. 279. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to limit the authority of the Federal Communications Commission over providers of broadband Internet access serv-ice; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 280. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs to recoup bonuses and awards paid to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. PALAZZO (for himself, Mr. 
H
ARPER , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. M ARINO , 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. P ITTS, and Mr. 
ROTHFUS ): 
H.R. 281. A bill to prohibit recovery of 
damages in certain wrongful birth and wrongful life civil actions, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. RIBBLE (for himself, Mr. 
P
OCAN , Mr. M CKINLEY , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, and Mr. T AKANO ): 
H.R. 282. A bill to amend the Congressional 
Budget Act of 1974 to require that the Con-gressional Budget Office prepare long-term scoring estimates for reported bills and joint resolutions that could have significant eco-nomic and fiscal effects outside of the nor-mal scoring periods; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Rules, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself and Mr. 
G
OSAR ): 
H.R. 283. A bill to improve the provisions 
relating to the privacy of electronic commu-nications; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. TIBERI (for himself, Mr. L
AR-
SON of Connecticut, Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. J OYCE , 
Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H ARPER , 
Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
ROEof Tennessee, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. 
TIPTON , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , and Ms. D UCKWORTH ): 
H.R. 284. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require State licen-sure and bid surety bonds for entities sub-mitting bids under the Medicare durable medical equipment, prosthetics, orthotics, and supplies (DMEPOS) competitive acquisi-tion program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. WAGNER (for herself, Mrs. 
B
LACK , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
Mr. J OLLY , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mr. C RAMER , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. B ARR, Mr. 
LANCE , Mr. G OSAR , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. W ALBERG , 
Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. H ULTGREN , 
Mr. C OOK, Mr. P EARCE , Ms. B ASS, 
Mrs. B EATTY , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. C AS-
TORof Florida, Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts, Ms. E STY, Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. 
MENG, Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. P AULSEN , 
Mrs. N OEM, Mr. C LAY, Mr. M CCAUL, 
Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. K LINE): 
H.R. 285. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide a penalty for know-ingly selling advertising that offers certain commercial sex acts; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ZINKE: 
H.R. 286. A bill to extend the Federal rec-
ognition to the Little Shell Tribe of Chip-pewa Indians of Montana, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. BRIDENSTINE: 
H.J. Res. 15. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States granting Congress the author-ity to enact laws limiting the number of terms that Representatives and Senators may serve; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself and 
Mr. W
OODALL ): 
H.J. Res. 16. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to repeal the sixteenth article of amendment; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. BUCHANAN (for himself and 
Mr. L
ONG): 
H.J. Res. 17. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to balancing the budg-et; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK: 
H.J. Res. 18. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States prohibiting the United States Government from increasing its debt except for a specific purpose by law adopted by three-fourths of the membership of each House of Congress; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PALAZZO: 
H.J. Res. 19. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit the number of con-
secutive terms that a Member of Congress may serve; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. PALAZZO (for himself, Mr. 
H
ARPER , and Mr. L AMALFA ): 
H.J. Res. 20. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit Congress’ power to impose a tax on a failure to purchase goods or services; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mrs. COMSTOCK: 
H. Con. Res. 7. Concurrent resolution pro-
viding for a joint session of Congress to re-ceive a message from the President; consid-ered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself and 
Mr. C
APUANO ): 
H. Res. 26. A resolution strongly sup-
porting the quality and value of diversity and innovation in the Nation’s higher edu-cation institutions, and strongly disagreeing with the President’s proposal to create and administer a Postsecondary Institution Rat-ings System; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for her-
self, Mr. J
OYCE , and Mr. K INGof New 
York): 
H. Res. 28. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Postal Service should take all appropriate measures to ensure the con-tinuation of door delivery for all business and residential customers; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS: 
H.R. 270. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Commerce Clause: Article I, Section 8, 
Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution gives Con-gress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 271. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States and Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States. 
Article I, section 8 of the United State 
Constitution, which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to pro-vide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. 
By Mr. WALBERG: 
H.R. 272. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 12, 14 and 18 of 
the Constitution of the United States; the authority to raise and support an army, to make rules for the government and regula-tion of the land and naval forces and to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper carrying into execution the foregoing powers. 
By Mr. RUSH: 
H.R. 273. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12JA7.100 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H225 January 12, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 ‘‘The Congress shall have power ‘‘To regu-
late commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes’’ 
By Mr. RUSH: 
H.R. 274. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power ‘‘to regu-
late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. RUSH: 
H.R. 275. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution 
granted Congress the power to lay and col-lect taxes to provide for the general welfare of the United States. Further, Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 3 provides that Congress shall have power ‘‘To regulate commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 276. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution (relating to the power of Congress with respect to taxes and spending). 
By Mr. HASTINGS: 
H.R. 277. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, §8 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: 
H.R. 278. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
As described in Article 1, Section 1 ‘‘all 
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress.’’ 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H.R. 279. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress 
shall have the Power . . . ‘‘to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 280. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. PALAZZO: 
H.R. 281. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. RIBBLE: 
H.R. 282. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 9, clause 7 of the United 
States Constitution which provides that, ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treas-ury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law, and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 283. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: AMENDMENT IV: The right of the people 
to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath of affirmation and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized. 
By Mr. TIBERI: 
H.R. 284. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mrs. WAGNER: 
H.R. 285. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
Additional authority derives from Article 
I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. ZINKE: 
H.R. 286. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States that states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. BRIDENSTINE: 
H.J. Res. 15. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V of the Constitution, which grants 
Congress the authority to propose Constitiutional amendments. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.J. Res. 16. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This joint resolution is enacted pursuant 
to the power granted to Congress to propose amendments to the Constitution under Arti-cle V of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. BUCHANAN: 
H.J. Res. 17. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
joint resolution rests is the power of Con-gress as enumerated in Article V of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK: 
H.J. Res. 18. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V of the United States Constitu-
tion provides for amendments to the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. PALAZZO: 
H.J. Res. 19. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V: The Congress, whenever two 
thirds of both houses shall deem it nec-essary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution, or, on the application of the legislatures of two thirds of the several states, shall call a convention for proposing amendments, which, in either case, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the legis-latures of three fourths of the several states, or by conventions in three fourths thereof, 
as the one or the other mode of ratification may be proposed by the Congress; provided that no amendment which may be made prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any manner affect the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section of the first article; and that no state, without its consent, shall be deprived of its equal suf-frage in the Senate. 
By Mr. PALAZZO: 
H.J. Res. 20. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V: The Congress, whenever two 
thirds of both houses shall deem it nec-essary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution, or, on the application of the legislatures of two thirds of the several states, shall call a convention for proposing amendments, which, in either case, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the legis-latures of three fourths of the several states, or by conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other mode of ratification may be proposed by the Congress; provided that no amendment which may be made prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any manner affect the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section of the first article; and that no state, without its consent, shall be deprived of its equal suf-frage in the Senate. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 25: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. C AR-
TERof Texas, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. 
SANFORD . 
H.R. 27: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. H URTof Virginia, 
Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, 
and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 32: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 33: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
GIBSON , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
LOBIONDO , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
PERRY , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. D ENT, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. H URTof 
Virginia. 
H.R. 36: Mr. A MASH , Mr. B RAT, Mr. 
STUTZMAN , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. R EED, 
Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
WILLIAMS , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. M ULVANEY , 
Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. C RAMER , and 
Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 44: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 94: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 109: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 114: Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 132: Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. P ERRY , and Mr. 
FARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 143: Mr. N UGENT , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
BYRNE , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
MOOLENAAR , and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 154: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C ROWLEY , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
HIGGINS , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 156: Mr. S CHWEIKERT and Mr. 
WESTERMAN . 
H.R. 161: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
STEWART , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. L AMALFA , and 
Mr. M ARINO . 
H.R. 167: Mr. V ALADAO , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
BEN RAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. 
REICHERT , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. 
TIBERI . 
H.R. 173: Mr. J ORDAN and Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 177: Mr. R EICHERT . 
H.R. 178: Mr. C RAWFORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.013 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H226 January 12, 2015 
H.R. 181: Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 185: Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
of Illinois, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. 
FORBES , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. K LINE, Mr. C RAMER , 
Mr. R OUZER , Mr. E MMER , and Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina. 
H.R. 187: Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. 
WELCH , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. V ALADAO , 
Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 191: Mr. P ALMER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
FLEMING , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, and Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 203: Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. Y OUNG of Indi-
ana, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. S INEMA , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 204: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 206: Mr. A LLEN and Mr. J ODYB. H ICE 
of Georgia. 
H.R. 217: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. R OG-
ERSof Alabama, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. 
MARINO , and Mr. A MASH . 
H.R. 223: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 227: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 228: Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. 
RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. C OOK, and Ms. M CCOL-
LUM. 
H.R. 238: Ms. J UDY CHUof California and 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 246: Ms. B ASS, Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-
fornia, and Mr. K LINE. 
H.J. Res. 1: Mr. E MMER , Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan, Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. 
KLINE, and Mr. P OSEY . H.J. Res. 2: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. C LAWSON of Flor-
ida, Mr. K LINE, and Mr. E MMER . 
H.J. Res. 13: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. 
DESJARLAIS . 
H. Res. 11: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. P ERRY , Mr. F LEMING , and Mr. R IGELL . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. J OYCE , and Mr. S EAN PATRICK  
MALONEY of New York. 
H. Res. 24: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B ARR, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. M ASSIE , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. 
KNIGHT . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. CONAWAY  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Agricultural in H.R. 37 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
O
FFERED BYMR. PRICE 
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on the Budget in H.R. 240, the Department of Homeland Security Appro-priations Act, 2015, do not contain any con-
gressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
f 
DELETION OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 217: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
f 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions 
and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
1. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
the City of Lauderhill, Florida, relative to Resolution No. 14R-10-247, urging the Depart-ment of Labor to more effectively enforce the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 and other continued efforts for ensuring parity in pay for women so that women in comparable po-sitions make incomes much more closely re-lated to their male counterparts; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
2. Also, a petition of the City of Lauderhill, 
Florida, relative to Resolution No. 14R-12- 278, supporting the Haitian Family Reunifi-cation Parole Program that was created by the Department of Homeland Security; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA7.018 H12JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S133 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 2015 No. 5 
Senate 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Our Father in Heaven, You know our 
thoughts from afar. Teach us how to live to honor Your Name. Rule in our lives, injecting our intentions with such purity that even our motives can withstand Your scrutiny. 
Have Your way on Capitol Hill, sur-
rounding our Senators with Your power and love. Deliver them from fear and uncertainty as You inspire them to stay within the circle of Your will. Lord, bless and consecrate their labors today, and use them to serve the com-mon good as You strengthen them dur-ing the hour of temptation. 
We pray in Your mighty Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
SCHEDULE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
today the Senate will debate the mo-tion to proceed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, with the time equally divided until 5:30 p.m. At 5:30 p.m. we will have a cloture vote on the motion to proceed to this bipar-tisan jobs and infrastructure bill. If all 
time is used the Senate will begin con-sideration of the bill at midnight to-morrow night. Once cloture has been invoked, it is my hope that Chairman M
URKOWSKI can work with Senator 
CANTWELL to yield back time, get on 
the bill during the day tomorrow, and begin to process amendments under the regular order. 
The Senate will be out of session on 
Wednesday and Thursday of this week to accommodate our respective con-ference retreats. We will return for consideration of the Keystone bill on Friday, and Senators should be work-ing with the bill managers to get their amendments in the queue. 
f 
TERRORIST ATTACKS IN PARIS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
wish to say a few words about what has been happening in Paris. We have seen remarkable displays of support for the French people. Out of terrible dark-ness, we have seen defiant recommit-ments to the ideals of free expression, and the French people should know that the Senate stands in solidarity with them as they work to recover from such awful terrorist attacks. They should also be assured that we are prepared to cooperate in whatever appropriate way we can. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, last 
week the House of Representatives voted on a bipartisan basis to pass a Keystone jobs and infrastructure bill. Meanwhile, the Senate energy com-mittee got the process moving in this Chamber as it debated and approved a bipartisan Keystone measure as well. The committee consideration allows Senators from both parties to offer amendments and make their voices heard. It is the kind of serious legis-lating many Senators have been wait-ing a long time to see. It is the latest example of Congress getting back to 
work under a new Republican majority. 
Later this afternoon we will consider 
a cloture motion that will allow us to proceed to a similarly open debate here on the Senate floor. I know Senators from both sides are hungry for a real Senate debate. I know they want to offer amendments. I know they are anxious to finally have their voices and the voices of the people they represent heard here on the Senate floor. I expect the cloture motion to pass on a bipar-tisan basis. 
Of course, we originally hoped to 
start this process last Thursday. We wanted to spend Friday working on this bipartisan jobs bill, but the Senate lost that opportunity when some col-leagues across the aisle objected to be-ginning the debate. 
Now, moving forward, what I would 
urge is for our Democratic friends to work with us as the new Republican majority continues to bring more open-ness to the Senate. The changes we are making are ones that many Democrats have indicated they want to see as well. The reforms we are implementing will give a real voice to constituents represented by Democratic Senators. We need to work together to ensure positive change takes hold. I am hope-ful that will happen. 
Here is one consequence of that delay 
I mentioned. The Nebraska Supreme Court has since eliminated what has to be the last conceivable pretext to veto the Keystone jobs bill, so we will be starting the Senate’s debate at a time when the rationale for building this pipeline has almost never been more obvious. 
I know the American people would 
welcome a change in posture from the President. I know supporters in both parties are determined to get a bipar-tisan jobs and infrastructure bill to his desk as soon as possible. We will take the next step in the process at 5:30 p.m. today, and then we will have an open floor debate on jobs, the middle class, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.000 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S134 January 12, 2015 
infrastructure, and energy. At the end 
of this process, we will send a bipar-tisan jobs bill to the President. We will fulfill our pledge to stop protecting him from good ideas. It may force the President to finally make a difficult choice between jobs and the middle class versus the demands of powerful special interests, but President Obama now has every reason to sign the bipar-tisan jobs and infrastructure bill we will pass. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE ACTING 
MINORITY LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-
sistant Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
TERRORIST ATTACKS IN PARIS 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, later 
today Members of the Senate family will have two opportunities to express our solidarity with the people of France in their hour of grief and to re-affirm our commitment to the prin-ciples of freedom and tolerance—values that have bound our nations together since the creation of the United States and the French Republic. 
In a short while the Senate will con-
sider a resolution condemning the se-ries of terrorist attacks that have shaken France, starting with the at-tack on the offices of the satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo and ending with a siege Friday at a kosher super-market in Paris. Our resolution ex-presses our condolences to the families of the victims and our solidarity with the people of France. It also expresses our deep commitment to the universal right of freedom of expression—a free-dom for which the writers and artists of Charlie Hebdo gave their lives. I am honored to lead this resolution, along with Senators M
URPHY of Connecticut 
and J OHNSON of Wisconsin. 
Later this afternoon Senators and 
their staffs will have an opportunity to sign a condolence book expressing their sympathy and solidarity to the people of France. The book will be outside the Senate Foreign Relations Committee room on the first floor of the Capitol. In memory of the victims, we will wel-come the French Ambassador to the United States, Ambassador Gerard Araud, in the committee room at 4:15 p.m. 
If the terrorists who attacked Charlie 
Hebdo and the kosher supermarket in Paris meant to frighten and divide freedom-loving people in France and around the world, they have failed ut-terly. Yesterday 4 million people marched in demonstrations in cities across the nation of France. A million and a half people marched in Paris alone. Authorities said it was the larg-est gathering in Paris since the end of World War II and the largest dem-onstration in the history of the nation of France. They marched to declare their solidarity with the victims of the Charlie Hebdo massacre and the super-
market murders and to demonstrate their unity. The marchers included Christians, Muslims, Jews, and many other religious faiths and nonbelievers. President Francois Hollande led the March. He was joined by European and African leaders, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Palestinian Au-thority President Mahmoud Abbas, America’s Ambassador to France, and our Assistant Secretary of State. 
Marches were also held in other cit-
ies around the globe yesterday, from Washington to the West Bank. Tens of thousands of people showed their soli-darity with the victims of these ter-rorist attacks in France. 
In Chicago hundreds of people turned 
out in the cold yesterday to rally at Daley Plaza under American and French flags. One of the organizers of the Chicago rally was a young woman named Eve Zuckerman who holds joint U.S. and French citizenship and has lived in Chicago for about 4 years. She said the spasm of violence that has shaken France is not simply an attack on France. In her words, ‘‘What it real-ly means is that anyone who is for free-dom and for tolerance is also under at-tack.’’ 
In our own country in the days after 
9/11, our grief was made bearable by the countless acts of courage, kindness, and solidarity we witnessed amidst the carnage, and so it is within France today. 
One story that has touched many in 
France and around the world concerns a young man who worked at the kosher supermarket in Paris that was at-tacked on Friday. The young man risked his life to hide seven Jewish cus-tomers in the freezer in the super-market’s basement. He then risked his life again to slip out of the basement and tell the police there were people hidden downstairs. This young man de-scribed the layout of the supermarket and the location of the hostages—cru-cial details that enabled the police to save so many lives and end the stand-off. This young man has been hailed as a hero by the citizens of France and by Israeli President Netanyahu. One more thing about this young French hero— he is a Muslim immigrant, born in Mali. 
Martin Luther King told us: We are 
bound together in a single garment of destiny. The millions of people in France and around the world who marched yesterday and freedom-loving people throughout the world under-stand this. Together in our unity and resolve, we will overcome this latest assault on our shared values. 
f 
HOMELAND SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, over the 
weekend, as I mentioned, as millions of people were marching on the streets of France and around the world to dem-onstrate the world’s unity in the after-math of the horrible terrorist attack in France, the President announced that he will convene a summit at the White 
House next month to discuss what can be done further to stop the threat of violent extremism. 
This is a time when we should all be 
focusing on what we can do to stop the threat of terrorism in our country as well as the rest of the world, so it is truly surprising, to say the least, that the House of Representatives will vote on a bill this week that threatens to shut down the Department of Home-land Security. That is our government agency that is responsible for pro-tecting Americans from terrorism. What in the world would lead the House of Representatives to threaten to shut down this agency? We should not even be debating the Department of Homeland Security at this moment in history. 
Every other government agency— 
every single one of them—has already been funded through the end of this fis-cal year, September 30, and that is nor-mal when we fund the government. But the Republicans in the House and Sen-ate insisted weeks ago that the Depart-ment of Homeland Security only be funded through the end of February. Why did they demand that this critical agency that is responsible for keeping us safe across America not be funded in the normal manner? Why did they put America at risk with this type of fund-ing? Well, because they wanted an op-portunity early in the year—early in the legislative session—to take a stand against President Obama’s immigra-tion policies. They feel so strongly about this, they are willing to put the Department of Homeland Security’s budget at risk. 
So this week the House Republicans 
are preparing to pass legislation that would defund President Obama’s immi-gration policies, including the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Pro-gram, known as DACA. What is that program? It puts on hold the deporta-tions of immigrant students and chil-dren who grew up in this country and allows these young people to live and work legally in America on a tem-porary basis. That is what DACA is. These young people are well known to me and to most. They are known as DREAMers. 
It was 13 years ago that I introduced 
the DREAM Act. For 13 years I have been trying to pass a bill into law which says that the sins of the parents should not be visited on the children. 
These young people who are affected 
by DACA and the DREAM Act—many of them were brought to the United States as infants and toddlers. They had no voice in this family decision to come here. They did not know, could not know, that one of their parents was undocumented. They grew up in Amer-ica. They went to school in America. They participated in America. They went to the neighborhood churches and mosques and temples. They were the ones who were standing in their class-room every single day of their lives stopping for a solemn moment to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.003 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S135 January 12, 2015 
pledge allegiance to the American 
flag—the only flag they have ever known. But the fact is, they were brought here as babies and children, and they were undocumented. They grew up in America. They identified this country as home. They envisioned this dream of living here. Yet they did not have a legal status. 
The DREAM Act said we would give 
these young people a chance. If they had a clean criminal record, if they would finish high school, if they would go on to college or even enlist in our military, we would allow them to move to legal status—give these DREAMers a chance. 
Time and again, we called this legis-
lation. Sadly, it never passed the House and the Senate at the same time. Then President Obama decided 2 years ago that he would use his Executive au-thority to protect these young people from being deported. We estimate there are about 2 million of them across the United States. He said to them: If you will come forward, pay your fee, go through a background check—if you are prepared to do that and register with the government, we will spare you from deportation. That is what the DACA program is. Mr. President, 600,000 did. Mr. President, 600,000 came up with the money. 
I can recall in the city of Chicago 
when we had the sign up—the very first sign up for this DACA Executive order. It was amazing. We did not know if 200 people would show up or 400 or even 1,000. Well, the night before—at mid-night, the night before we started sign-ing them up—the first day they could sign up for DACA, the families started gathering, standing outside at Navy Pier in downtown Chicago. They stood there all night waiting for a chance to sign up for this program. Many of them were parents accompanying their chil-dren. The parents themselves were not going to get any direct benefit from this, but they wanted their kids to be spared the fear of deportation. They wanted to give their kids a chance. In the end, thousands came through the door—so many we could not even han-dle the volume with our volunteer at-torneys and many others who were helping. 
But it was a clear indication that 
these families wanted their children to have a chance—a chance to earn their way into legal status in America. That is the DACA—— 
(Disturbance in the Visitors’ Gal-
leries.) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will suspend until the Sergeant at Arms has restored order in the gal-leries. 
The assistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the 
young people I have described are known as DREAMers. They were brought to the United States as chil-dren. They grew up in this country, and they have overcome great obstacles to continue to live here. They are the fu-ture doctors, engineers, teachers, and soldiers who will make America 
stronger. 
Now, in the last 2 years, as I men-
tioned, more than 600,000 DREAMers have received DACA—this Executive order by President Obama which allows them to stay as long as they are reg-istered, pay their fee, and not be de-ported. 
What has happened to these young 
people now that they have their chance, they have gone to school? I met 10 of them who are now at Loyola’s school of medicine. They are extraordinary students. They were the best of the best. They did not have a chance because they did not have that document that gave them an oppor-tunity to enroll. Well, they are going to school now, and they have pledged to continue to serve this country as doctors, given that chance, in some of the poorest communities in my State and our Nation. 
In past speeches I have given on this 
floor—over 50 of them—I have high-lighted the contributions that many DACA recipients already make to our country. They are working as engi-neers, small business owners, and pub-lic school teachers. The Center for American Progress and the Partnership for a New American Economy has found that giving legal status to DREAMers will add $329 billion to our economy and create 1.4 million new jobs by 2030. 
How can this be possible that 600,000 
have that kind of impact? These are not ordinary young people or ordinary young graduates. These are extraor-dinary young people who want to be part of this Nation of immigrants. 
But the Republicans in the House of 
Representatives want to end DACA. They want to put an end to this pro-gram. They argue it was unconstitu-tional for the President to say he would suspend deportation for these young people. They want these young people to be deported, removed from this country, sent back to countries where many of them can never recall living, going to countries where they literally cannot speak the language. That is the House Republican position. They feel so strongly about deporting these young people, they are willing to hold the Homeland Security funding bill hostage to force the Democrats to agree. 
Well, let me be clear. Democrats will 
not be swayed by this kind of black-mail. We will insist the Department of Homeland Security be funded and that the President have the authority that every President has had to establish his own immigration policies within the limits of Executive authority. 
It is the height of unfairness. First 
congressional Republicans obstructed immigration reform legislation. Now they want to obstruct the very agency responsible for homeland security. 
It was more than a year and a half 
ago—the date was June 27, 2013—on the floor of this Senate, we passed com-prehensive immigration reform with a strong bipartisan vote of 68 to 32. This 
bill—which I joined seven other col-leagues, Democrats and Republicans, working on it—strengthened our border to a level even greater than today, cracked down on illegal immigration, protected American workers in a fair and humane manner, and addressed the challenges facing 11 million undocu-mented workers currently living in our country. 
But for the last year and a half, the 
House of Representatives, led by Speaker B
OEHNER , has refused to allow 
a vote on the Senate’s immigration re-form bill. Not once would they allow this bill to come to the floor of the House for a vote. If Speaker B
OEHNER  
had brought the bill to the floor, it 
would have passed with a strong bipar-tisan vote. He knew it and he was de-termined not to ever let that happen. It was only after the Speaker had dem-onstrated clearly to the President, to the Senate, and to the American people that he would not even participate in the debate on immigration reform that President Obama issued his second order. 
I have been involved in a lot of ef-
forts to pass bipartisan immigration reform legislation. It is so frustrating for us to have finally passed a bill in the Senate—Democrats and Repub-licans; supported by the AFL–CIO, rep-resenting organized labor; supported by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, rep-resenting business; supported by vir-tually every major faith in this coun-try—and then to see it ignored and stopped in the House of Representa-tives. 
So President Obama, after the elec-
tion, announced that, having given the Republicans in the House a chance to legislate, he would use his powers to try to fix our broken immigration sys-tem, to put on temporary hold the de-portations of individuals who are the parents of U.S. citizens or legal perma-nent residents, who have lived in our country for years, and who pose no threat to America’s safety. 
This is clearly not amnesty, because 
at the end of the day, what the Presi-dent has given is only a temporary re-prieve to these people to stay and work in America—so long as they register and pay their fee, so long as they sub-mit themselves regularly to criminal background checks, and so long as they pay their fair share of taxes. This de-ferred action status does not give them permanent status or citizenship. It is not amnesty by any definition. 
The President’s Executive action will 
make America safer, bringing millions of immigrants out of the shadows to register with the government and to go through background checks. It will also help our economy and American workers. You see, these undocumented workers, working off the books, are many times paid much less than min-imum wage, if they are paid at all, and they are competing with American workers. Once they are brought out of the shadows under the President’s re-cent Executive order, they will need to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.006 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S136 January 12, 2015 
be paid the ongoing wages, the min-
imum wage of America. By bringing these workers into the legal workforce, it will eliminate the unfair competi-tion of the underground economy. And all of these workers will be paying their taxes, which will increase tax revenues by billions of dollars each year. 
The President’s Executive action is 
also smart and realistic when it comes to enforcing our immigration laws. It is not humanly possible to deport all of the undocumented immigrants in this country. So every administration has had to set priorities on those who will be deported and those who will not. The government should not waste its limited resources to deport immigrants who have lived and worked here for years, who have children who are citi-zens or lawful permanent residents, and who do not pose any threat to America’s future. Instead, the adminis-tration has made it a top priority to deport those who have committed seri-ous crimes or are a threat to safety. 
Now, Executive action on deporta-
tion is clearly lawful. Every single President—Democrat and Republican— every one of them since President Dwight David Eisenhower has used his Executive authority to improve our immigration system. This argument that it is somehow unconstitutional just does not bear basic scrutiny. The Supreme Court has repeatedly affirmed that the Federal Government has broad authority to decide whom to deport. President Obama is acting well within his legal authority when he establishes policies about whom will be deported by this administration. 
The American people have elected us 
to solve problems. Because the House Republican leadership has failed to re-form our immigration system, the President had no choice but to use his authority under the law to improve our economy and security and keep fami-lies together and at least do a small part toward solving America’s broken immigration system problems. 
However you feel about the Presi-
dent’s immigration policies, it is hypo-critical and counterproductive—it is just wrong—to take out your frustra-tion by putting at risk critical home-land security funding. 
I hope the House Republicans will 
somehow or another overcome this fit of pique that has led us to this moment and realize their first obligation is to this great Nation. 
f 
CONGRATULATING GOVERNOR 
BRUCE RAUNER 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I was 
unable to attend the inauguration of the new Governor of Illinois today. Bruce Rauner was elected November 4 to serve as the 42nd Governor of the State of Illinois. His wife Diana was by his side when he took the oath of of-fice. 
I had a chance to attend some of the 
receptions last night and called him over the weekend and said my duties in 
the Senate made it impossible to ac-cept his invitation to say a few words at his inaugural. But despite the fact that we come from different political parties and despite the fact that we have many differences when it comes to issues before us, I certainly wish our new Governor, Bruce Rauner, the very best in his efforts to lead the Land of Lincoln, the great State of Illinois. He faces an extraordinary number of chal-lenges—broken public pension systems, struggles in coming up with the rev-enue we need to keep our schools mov-ing forward, and the safety net to pro-tect the most vulnerable people living in our State. 
I have given him my personal pledge, 
and I will renew it on the floor of the Senate today, to stand by him and his administration to solve these problems and to lead Illinois forward. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT— 
MOTION TO PROCEED 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 1, which the clerk will re-port. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 1, S. 1, 
a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 5:30 p.m. will be equally divided and con-trolled in the usual form. 
The Senator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be permitted to proceed for up to 15 minutes as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. COLLINS. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
I further request that the time not be 
charged to either side on the debate on the Keystone pipeline, if that is nec-essary. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, reserv-
ing the right to object—I am sorry, I was discussing with the staff. If the Senator will please repeat her request. 
Ms. COLLINS. I asked unanimous 
consent to proceed for up to 15 minutes as in morning business, and since my remarks do not pertain to the debate for the Keystone Pipeline, that the time not be charged to either side in that debate. 
Mr. DURBIN. I have no objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
PRIORITIES OF SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON  
AGING  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, it has 
been my privilege to serve on the Sen-ate Special Committee on Aging since 
my very first days in the Senate, and I am honored to have been elected to chair this committee for the 114th Con-gress. I wish to welcome the Presiding Officer, Senator C
OTTON of Arkansas, 
to the committee. He will be a new member on our committee, and I be-lieve he will enjoy his service as much as I have. 
My service on the aging committee is 
particularly appropriate since Maine is the oldest State in the Nation by me-dian age. Many people would guess that Florida would have that distinction, but, in fact, it is the great State of Maine. 
Throughout its history, the aging 
committee has spurred Congress to ac-tion on issues that are important to older Americans through its hearings, its investigations, and its reports. This is the first time a Maine Senator has chaired the committee since the 1990s, when my predecessor, mentor, and friend, Senator Bill Cohen, served as chairman. 
I wish to share with my colleagues 
today my priorities for the committee as we begin this new Congress. I have three major priorities for the commit-tee’s work: first, retirement security; second, investments in biomedical re-search targeting diseases that dis-proportionately affect older Ameri-cans, such as Alzheimer’s and diabetes; and, third, protecting seniors against financial exploitation and scams. 
I am increasingly concerned that our 
seniors will not have adequate savings and other financial resources during their retirement years. The committee will, therefore, focus on retirement se-curity and, in particular, on the need to encourage more savings and better financial planning. According to the nonpartisan Center for Retirement Re-search at Boston College, there cur-rently is an estimated $6.6 trillion gap between the savings Americans have today and what they should have in order to maintain their standard of liv-ing during retirement. 
Nationally, one in four Americans 
has no source of income beyond Social Security. In the State of Maine, the number is one in three. Social Security provides an absolutely vital safety net. However, with an average benefit of just $16,000 a year, it certainly is not enough to finance a comfortable retire-ment for many Americans. 
According to a Gallup survey pub-
lished in 2012, more than half of all Americans are worried they will not be able to maintain their standard of liv-ing in retirement. That is up sharply from 34 percent two decades ago, and the Boston College analysis dem-onstrates that their concern is war-ranted. 
There are many reasons for the de-
cline in retirement security facing American seniors, including the demise of many defined benefit pension plans in the private sector; the severity of the recent financial crisis, which wiped out much of the net worth of many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.007 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S137 January 12, 2015 
seniors, at least temporarily; rising 
health care costs; the need for long- term care; and, most of all, the simple fact that Americans are living far longer than we used to. Many Ameri-cans reaching retirement age also have more debt than retirees of previous generations. 
I remember when my parents paid off 
the mortgage on their home and had a mortgage-burning party. Well, today, people who are the age my parents were when they paid off their house are taking on new debt and new mortgages. We found in the aging committee that there are seniors who are still paying off their student loans or the student loans of their children. These are all issues I look forward to the committee exploring in depth in this new Con-gress. 
Another priority will be highlighting 
the importance of biomedical research on diseases such as Alzheimer’s and di-abetes, which take such a devastating toll on older Americans and their fami-lies. Investments in biomedical re-search not only improve the health and longevity of Americans but also pro-vide benefits to our economy and to the Federal budget. 
For example, nearly one out of three 
Medicare dollars is spent treating peo-ple living with diabetes. According to multiple economic analyses, there is roughly a 2-to-1 return on investment in Federal support for biomedical re-search. This investment at the Na-tional Institutes of Health and at re-search centers across the country spur job creation and are critical to Amer-ica’s competitiveness in the global re-search environment. 
As the Senate cochair of the Congres-
sional Task Force on Alzheimer’s Dis-ease, I am particularly committed to helping to spur breakthroughs in Alz-heimer’s disease, which has had such a devastating impact on 5.2 million Americans and their families. In addi-tion to the suffering it causes, Alz-heimer’s costs the United States an as-tonishing $214 billion a year. That in-cludes $150 billion in costs to the Medi-care and Medicaid programs. These costs will only skyrocket as the baby boom generation ages. 
Fortunately, there is promising re-
search that holds hope for Alzheimer’s patients and their families. The re-search community is poised to make important advances through clinical trials and investigating new thera-peutic targets. But adequate funding is critical to advance this research and to achieve these breakthroughs. 
At a time when the United States is 
spending more than $200 billion a year for Alzheimer’s patients, we are spend-ing less than three-tenths of 1 percent of that amount—about $600 million a year—on research. Surely, we can do more for Alzheimer’s, given its tremen-dous human and economic price. 
The National Plan to Address Alz-
heimer’s Disease has as its primary goal the prevention and effective treat-ment of Alzheimer’s by the year 2025. To meet that goal, the chairman of the 
Federal Alzheimer’s Advisory Council says that we need to devote $2 billion a year to Alzheimer’s research. Well, think about that. That is only 1 per-cent—in fact, it is less than 1 percent— of what we as a society are spending to care for people with Alzheimer’s. That investment will lead to better treat-ments and ultimately to a means of prevention or even a cure for this awful and expensive disease. 
The aging committee will also con-
tinue its focus on scams that target our seniors, such as the Jamaican lot-tery phone scam we exposed in the last Congress. This nefarious scheme, which is estimated to have cost Americans as much as $300 million a year, particu-
larly targeted seniors in the Northeast. Some seniors in my State lost tens of thousands of dollars to the scam which involved a con artist calling a victim to tell him or her that they had won the Jamaican lottery but needed to pay fees to process the winnings. I don’t need to tell my colleagues that these seniors had won nothing of the sort. But this was a very sophisticated scheme. 
In addition to educating seniors to 
help them avoid becoming victims of such scams, the hearing resulted in the Jamaican Government passing new laws targeting the scammers and prompted Federal law enforcement to make several arrests. The aging com-mittee will also continue its fraud hot-line to help protect seniors from these kinds of scams and financial exploi-tation, and the phone number for that fraud hotline, which is toll-free, is 1– 855–303–9470. 
In addition to these three major pri-
orities, it is my hope our committee in the second year will also take a close look—really scrutinize—Federal pro-grams designed to help our seniors, such as those authorized by the Older Americans Act. We want to make sure these programs are as effective and ef-ficient as possible and that their bene-fits reach those seniors as intended. So we will be performing that oversight function and sharing our findings with the committee of jurisdiction—the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee—on which I am also privileged to serve. 
The Senate Special Committee on 
Aging has a long history and tradition of bipartisanship, and my work on this committee during the past Congress was particularly rewarding because of the strong partnership I forged with the committee chairman, the senior Senator from Florida, B
ILLNELSON . I 
look forward to continuing that bipar-tisan tradition with my good friend and close colleague, Senator C
LAIRE  
MCCASKILL of Missouri, who will be 
serving as the committee’s ranking member in the 114th Congress. 
Finally, I encourage the Presiding 
Officer and all of the other members of the committee not only to be active participants in the committee but also to share with us their thoughts on issues that we should pursue. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the 
floor, and seeing no one seeking rec-ognition, I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, I 
rise today in opposition to S. 1, which will circumvent the administration’s official review process for projects crossing international borders and ap-prove construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline, a pipeline dedicated to in-creasing production of some of the dirtiest, most polluting, and most dan-gerous crude oil in the world. 
Supporters of this pipeline in Con-
gress have been relentless. Over the last 2 Congresses they have held 44 votes in the House and Senate intended to approve Keystone. On Tuesday, the very first bill the new Republican ma-jority introduced, traditionally re-served for a party’s highest legislative priority, was Keystone. Think about this. Here we stand in what people still call the world’s greatest deliberative body, and the first bill we are taking up is not infrastructure generally, not national energy policy, not even na-tional laws as they relate to our pipe-line infrastructure. No, we are legis-lating about a specific pipeline which will move oil from Canada through the United States to be primarily exported from our southern border. 
I understand there are people of good 
will and good faith, including the Pre-siding Officer, who are on both sides of this issue. But it is hard to imagine why this should be the first piece of legislation we take up in this Congress. We have yet to seriously consider or to clarify our policy with respect to the Islamic State. Income inequality is gutting the middle class. Our national infrastructure needs a jolt of invest-ment. Our immigration policy is a fail-ure and a mess. I do not understand why this would be S. 1. 
Supporters of this bill have stood up 
three main arguments in favor of Key-stone and expanding drilling of tar sands oil reserves in Canada. One, they say it will increase energy security; two, they think it will lower oil and gas prices; third, they say it is a jobs bill. 
Let’s examine these claims, because 
however tenuous they were, they have been undermined further by facts over the last couple of years. 
First, the United States has never 
during the modern age of global energy trade been more energy secure. We im-port far less oil from unstable regimes and unfriendly countries than we have in decades. We are continuing to build massive amounts of ever cheaper homegrown clean energy such as wind 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.009 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S138 January 12, 2015 
and solar, even as we use our energy 
more efficiently. 
The United States will add nearly 10 
gigawatts of wind and solar capacity in the next year. Not including hydro, the United States has over 85,000 megawatts of renewable energy capac-ity and continues to build on that number year over year. The prices for solar have dropped 80 percent since 2008 and prices for wind power, which are already competitive with fossil fuels, have dropped 30 percent since 2008. 
These trends are creating jobs right 
here at home. For example, the wind industry has over 500 manufacturing facilities across 44 States that are re-sponsible for making wind turbines with over 66 percent domestic content. 
Second, the recent collapse of crude 
oil and gasoline prices demonstrates two things. In my home State of Ha-waii, energy prices remain far too high. But on the mainland, oil and gas prices are currently very low. The idea that Keystone would make a significant dif-ference was never based in reality, but now it is just obvious. We have low prices and the project has not even started. 
Gasoline is now $2.21 a gallon. Crude 
oil prices have slipped below $50 a bar-rel. The last time gasoline prices were this low was in the aftermath of the fi-nancial crisis. As a practical matter, it is not clear to me, and it is certainly not clear to most energy experts, how moving oil from Canada through the United States and exporting refined crude from the Gulf of Mexico would significantly reduce energy prices for us in the United States. 
Finally, this is called a jobs bill by 
some. This is many things. It is anti- clean air; it is anti-clean water; it is anti-public health. It is a regulatory earmark. But it is not a jobs bill. It is not deserving of being the No. 1 pri-ority of the 114th Congress. 
We have heard estimates ranging as 
high as 42,000 indirect or induced jobs during the construction phase. We know, and everyone seems to agree, that Keystone will employ approxi-mately 35 full-time employees when construction is finished. That is not 3,500 employees. That is not 35,000 em-ployees. That is the 35 full-time em-ployees when construction is com-pleted. 
If we want to do a real jobs bill wor-
thy of the Senate, we should do a real jobs bill. An infrastructure bank, a highway bill, Shaheen-Portman—all would create orders of magnitude more jobs than this. 
The American economy added 353,000 
jobs in November alone, which made 2014 the strongest year for job growth since 1999. If we pass a highway bill, we get millions of jobs. If we pass an infra-structure bank, we will get hundreds of thousands of jobs. If we pass the bipar-tisan Shaheen-Portman energy effi-ciency bill, we will also get hundreds of thousands of jobs. Look, even one new job is a good thing. But if we want to do a jobs bill, let’s do a jobs bill. There is plenty of room for us to 
work together on infrastructure, on en-ergy efficiency, and create hundreds of thousands and even millions of jobs. But this is an energy bill. It moves us in the wrong direction. There are col-leagues, with whom I agree, who are arguing against this legislation pri-marily saying they want to allow the administration’s process to play out and that we should not supersede the State Department review. I agree. 
It is fair to say this is unprecedented, 
even a little strange, for the Congress to legislate the specifics of a particular infrastructure project. But I want to be clear. This is not a process argument for me. I oppose Keystone because it is 
a bad idea. Whether it is done through the regular order or in an expedited fashion, whether it is done through the administrative process or the legisla-tive process, I oppose any action, whether through legislation, litigation, or administrative action, that will en-able the extraction of Canadian tar sands oil. 
My reasons are very simple—climate 
change and math. Climate change, be-cause it is the greatest and most ur-gent challenge to the health of our families, to the economy, and to our way of life. I want to preserve the American way of life, not endanger it. Math, because we have crunched the numbers and we know we simply can-not afford to burn the oil from tar sands and put its pollution into the air. 
It is simple. We have a budget. Just 
as every family in this country must stick to its budget and live within its means, we have to do the same as a planet when it comes to carbon pollu-tion. A new study published last week in the scientific journal Nature makes this clear. The authors asked the ques-tion: If we want to stay within our car-bon budget and limit warming to 2 de-grees Celsius, which is the limit 167 countries agree we must meet to avoid catastrophic effects of climate change, how much more coal, gas, and oil can we burn? 
The study finds that in order to meet 
this goal, the majority of the world’s known reserves of fossil fuel must stay in the ground between now and 2050. This includes one-third of the world’s current oil reserves and 80 percent of current coal reserves. It also finds, and this is critical, that: 
Any increase in unconventional oil produc-
tion— 
Which includes Canadian tar sands. 
—is incommensurate with efforts to limit av-erage global warming to 2 degrees Celsius. 
As we learn more about climate 
change amidst a clean energy revolu-tion, we find that moving toward clean energy, taking control of our future, is good for business. Our economy will do better. It will grow faster and it will be more resilient if we embrace the tech-nologies and solutions at our fingertips and end our reliance on fossil fuel. We have a chance to embrace the future here. Our future is not tar sands oil. Our future is wind and solar and geo-thermal and energy efficiency. Our fu-
ture is not in adding carbon pollution. Our future is in innovating our way out of this problem. Throughout our his-tory, America always leads when we are needed the most. That is what we have to do, not in the direction of more carbon pollution but toward a clean en-ergy economy. 
A report by New Climate Economy, a 
group chaired by former Mexican President Felipe Calderon, and includ-ing Bank of America chairman Chad Holliday, among others, marshals quantitative evidence to show that ac-tion on climate change is a require-ment for future global economic growth. In other words, those who warn about the EPA regulation or prices on carbon killing jobs have it exactly backward. The truth is that in order to avoid major disruptions to our econ-omy, we have to reduce carbon pollu-tion and work with other countries such as Canada to ensure that they do the same. 
I am looking forward to the open 
amendment process on this bill that the majority leader has promised. It will be an opportunity for the Amer-ican public to see where Members of the Senate stand on the facts of cli-mate change. Anyone who looks at the facts and does the math ought to op-pose this bill and oppose construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline. For me and for many Americans, a vote against this bill is a vote to preserve and protect the air we breathe and the water we drink. It is a vote to ensure that we continue to reduce carbon pol-lution and fight climate change. It is a vote to leave our children a healthy world. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose clo-
ture on the motion to proceed. 
I yield the floor and suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
ENTRY -EXIT VISA SYSTEM  
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam President, 
the attacks on the people of France demonstrate in the most chilling terms the threats posed to Western nations by those who are imbued with Islamic terrorism. While there are many fac-tors that play into the spread of this jihadist ideology in the West, it is time for an honest and plain admission that our open immigration policies are inef-fective and have failed to meet the minimum standards that are set by ex-isting law in the United States. 
This is something I have been dealing 
with for quite a number of years—a decade really. We have laws that would improve dramatically our ability to identify and block terrorists from en-tering and staying in the country, but they are not funded and they are not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.012 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S139 January 12, 2015 
carried out and it is unacceptable, as I 
will point out. 
Dozens of terrorists and terror plot-
ters have been admitted to the United States on visas or are relying on broad-er networks to simply enter into our country, taking advantage of lax immi-gration policies. For instance, the 9/11 attackers all came here on visas. A visa is a document that allows an indi-vidual to come for a limited period of time and then return to their home country. This visa system is essential in a modern world, but it needs to be managed and carried out in an effec-tive way. 
The Boston bombers came as asylees, 
people seeking asylum, while their mosque was linked to foreign nationals tied to ISIS and foreign terrorists. 
The individual behind the attempted 
Christmas bombing in Oregon was a refugee. We have a class of individuals we accept each year who claim to be refugees from foreign countries. This one was from Somalia. 
The recently foiled plot to bomb a 
courthouse and school in Connecticut was attempted by a Moroccan national who had a revoked student visa. Many individuals have visas to be students in the United States. We are not man-aging that well at all. This one had a revoked student visa. It was revoked because of information that came to the attention of officials, but no one made an effort or successfully at-tempted in any real way to find the in-dividual so he might be deported. 
Al Qaeda operatives who were appre-
hended in Kentucky were on visas from Iraq. 
These are only some of the examples 
that are out there. These individuals use lax visa policies, flawed asylum policies, flawed refugee policies, and flawed border protection policies. In addition, we are not organized in a way that works effectively. In addition to that, the President of the United States has directed his ICE officers, his Citizenship and Immigration Services officers, and his Border Patrol officers, who are the key individuals in this sys-tem, to conduct their business in a way that guarantees failure. That is just the fact. 
The 9/11 Commission—we all remem-
ber that great Commission after the terrible attack on 9/11—zeroed in on our lax immigration policies. Among other things, the Commission de-manded implementation of a biometric entry-exit visa system. What does that mean? That means a biometric system where people are identified effectively through fingerprints or some other identifier. 
I have been through this for years. 
Back when President Bush was Presi-dent and we worked with Homeland Se-curity, Governor Ridge was the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. I think at the end he was finally convinced, and I worked on him very hard. But he volunteered, the last day in office, to use a fingerprint biometric system. It should have already been done by the time President Bush left office, but it 
wasn’t, and it hasn’t been done yet. We need a system that works. 
By the way, police officers have in 
their cars all over America computer- type screens where they can stop some-one on the road, they can ask them to put their hand on the screen, and it reads their fingerprints. It checks the National Crime Information Center to find out whether the person is wanted for murder in New York. He might have caught him in Texas. It lets the officer know whether there are war-rants out for these individuals. This is the way the system works in our coun-try, and we need to use it with regard to people who come here on visas. 
It is an outrage that this hasn’t been 
done, completed fully, and made oper-ational years ago. It is an outrage. It is in the law of the United States. Con-gress has funded money for this project and it has not yet been done. It will cost us in the future, as the 9/11 Com-mission has so warned. The 9/11 Com-mission demanded this system, and it is designed to track those entering and departing the United States on visas. 
By the way, almost half of the peo-
ple, at least 40-plus percent now of in-dividuals unlawfully in America en-tered on a visa. In other words, they didn’t come across the border unlaw-fully. They came lawfully—perhaps using false documents, but they got a visa. They came to the United States maybe lawfully, but they just did not return to their home country when the visa expired. 
My colleagues have to know no one is 
checking. We have no idea whether they left the country or stayed in the country. We do not have an operable exit visa system. This is so bizarre be-cause it is not expensive. It can be im-plemented rapidly. It will work and give us valuable information that we must have if we are serious about this process, and we must be serious about the process. 
The individuals in France—I men-
tioned the ones in the United States— left the country, went through Yemen, apparently, were trained in some sort of terrorist camp, and came back and executed their violent acts in France. So we have to do a better job of this, and we can do it. 
President Obama’s administration 
has refused to implement the entry- exit system as required by law. We have talked about this publicly and de-bated it for years. Just last year the co-chairs of the 9/11 Commission, in an evaluation of how well the rec-ommendations they made back after 9/ 11 have been carried out—a 10-year re-view of how their report had been re-ceived and how much of it had been ac-complished—issued this written state-ment. 
Without exit-tracking, our government 
does not know when a foreign visitor admit-
ted to the United States on a temporary basis has overstayed his or her admission. 
Here is the language. We put it on a 
chart because it is important that we understand this. Without exit-tracking, our government 
does not know when a foreign visitor admit-ted to the United States on a temporary basis has overstayed his or her admission. Had this system been in place before 9/11, we would have had a better chance of detecting the plotters before they struck. . . . There is no excuse for the fact that 13 years after 9/11 we do not have this much capability in place. 
Amen. That is exactly correct. That 
is from ‘‘Reflections on the Tenth An-niversary of the 9/11 Commission Re-port,’’ Thomas H. Kean and Lee H. Hamilton, in 2014. 
In fact, the original report said this: 
The Department of Homeland Security, 
properly supported by the Congress, should complete, as quickly as possible, a biometric entry-exit screening system. 
That was the report from 2004. It is a 
very important report. They went to great length to help this Nation figure out what is the responsible thing to do to protect ourselves better from those attackers on 9/11, many of whom were visa overstayers. They didn’t come across the border unlawfully; they came across on a lawful visa. Some of them I think had false documentation to get that visa, but they came on a visa, for the most part lawfully, and did not go home as they were required to go home. They overstayed their visa. Nobody knew they had over-stayed. Nobody made an inquiry about it. 
The ‘‘Tenth Anniversary Report 
Card: The Status of the 9/11 Commis-sion Recommendations,’’ by Thomas H. Kean and Lee H. Hamilton, 2011, said this: 
Full deployment of the biometric exit com-
ponent of US-VISIT should be a high pri-ority. Such a capability would have assisted law enforcement and intelligence officials in August and September 2001 in conducting a search for two of the 9/11 hijackers that were in the U.S. on expired visas. 
This would have helped. Indeed, of 
course, those of us who have some ex-perience in law enforcement know that when you get to one or two of the guys, the whole scheme may get disrupted, and we can penetrate the organization and break it up and stop crime from oc-curring. To me, it is mind boggling, as the commission leaders have told us, that we haven’t completed this. 
I am told there are forces that don’t 
like the exit visa system. They think it might slow things down a little bit. First, this is not correct. When you come into the country, you are clocked in and you are biometrically fingerprinted. What would you have to do when you leave? Go to the airport, go in a certain line, go through, show your ticket, show your passport, put your hand on a biometric screener, you are read, and you are approved to leave. It is not going to take any mas-sive amounts of time. One excuse after the other has slowed this down, and it is not acceptable. We have to do better. 
In fact, the administration has sus-
pended enforcement of the visa system almost entirely. We have to under-stand, colleagues: If we don’t have even an exit visa system where we know 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:58 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.014 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S140 January 12, 2015 
who left the country, how do we know 
who overstayed and who stayed in the country? Unless somebody overstays their visa and they are caught for speeding and the police officer identi-fied that, I will ask colleagues, what happens? Under the policy of this President of the United States, di-rected to the lowest officers in Amer-ica, nothing happens. If the individual does not commit a serious felony, they will not be processed for deportation, even though they have come to the country on a promise to leave on a cer-tain date and flatly refused to do so. 
This is not acceptable. If we don’t 
have a system that has integrity, then everybody gets the message pretty soon: Just get a visa, come to America, you never have to leave. If you don’t get a felony charge against you, you are never going to be deported. 
This is the policy of this government 
at this very moment. It is hard for any-body to believe, but that is the truth. We have approximately 5 million visa overstays in the United States. But as the National ICE—Immigration Cus-toms Enforcement—officers Council president Chris Crane has explained: 
ICE agents are now prohibited from arrest-
ing illegal aliens solely on charges of illegal entry or visa overstay. 
What a dramatic statement that is. 
And not only visa overstays, they are prohibited from arresting and remov-ing people who came across the border illegally. That is what he means by il-legal entry or visa overstays. 
This of course removes a cornerstone 
of integrity in any law system. If we can’t look people in the eye and say: We give you a visa, you have a 6-month visa, but at 6 months you have to re-turn to your home country, and mean it, and say: Eventually you will be ap-prehended and deported if you don’t— then the system has no integrity. That is where we are today. 
Unsurprisingly, ABC News reported 
that the Obama administration had lost track of 6,000 foreign students who had overstayed their visas and were of ‘‘heightened concern.’’ 
In other words, these 6,000 had some 
special concern in their background that made us worry about them, whether it was drugs or terrorism or whatever. Of course they have lost sight of them. They are not attempting to find them. 
So the head of the union representing 
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices officers, one of the three major components of the Department of Homeland Security dealing with immi-gration, Mr. Ken Palinkas, was explicit in his warning to us. It is remarkable what Mr. Crane has said and now what Mr. Palinkas has said: 
There is no doubt that there are already 
many individuals in the United States, on visas—expired or active—who are being tar-geted for radicalization or who already sub-scribe to radicalized views. Many millions come legally to the U.S. through our wide open immigration policy every year—wheth-er as temporary visitors, lifetime immi-grants, refugees, asylum-seekers, foreign students, or recipients of our ‘‘visa waiver 
program’’ which allows people to come and go freely. Yet our government cannot effec-tively track these foreign visitors and immi-grants. 
This is the man whose officers do this 
job. They are the ones who approve the visas and manage this system. 
He went on to warn that the Presi-
dent’s so-called Executive amnesty would make the situation radically worse, saying: 
I write today to warn the general public 
that this situation is about to get exponen-tially worse—and more dangerous. . . . Ex-press your concern to your Senators and Congressmen before it is too late. 
It is a national security imperative 
to stop this Executive amnesty. It sends exactly the wrong message. What it says is that if you can get into America—through the border, by boat, by plane, on a visa—any way you get into this country and pass the border, you are not going to be asked to leave unless you commit some felony—some serious felony, for that matter. Many felonies don’t qualify. And we have over 100,000 people who have committed serious felonies who have been released into America. We don’t know where they are, and they are not going to be deported. 
We have to restore immigration en-
forcement, establish better controls and screening on immigration from high-risk regions of the world. We real-ly should give more attention to that. It is perfectly legitimate. 
The visa system, the immigration 
system of the United States, should serve who? It should serve the interests of the American people. Somebody doesn’t have a constitutional right to come to America. The decision is whether America feels like it is in its interests. We have always accepted a large number of people. In fact, we have the largest immigration numbers of any nation in the world. We admit 1 million a year lawfully. When they come from high-risk areas of the world, terrorist states, we should indeed give more scrutiny to those applicants. 
Census data shows that legal immi-
gration to the United States from the Middle East is one of the largest and fastest growing categories of new ad-mittances. For the national security of the United States, it is imperative that Congress block Executive amnesty and restore essential enforcement, basic bread-and-butter law enforcement. Anyone who claims to be concerned about our national security should be resolutely focused on this task. There is so much that can be done with rel-atively little difficulty if we have the leadership and will to get it done. 
It would be unthinkable for the 
President to veto the Homeland Secu-rity appropriations bill in order to con-tinue this illegal and dangerous am-nesty scheme during a time of growing threats abroad. 
Again, let me say that this: the 
entry-exit visa system is an unappreciated, important part of American immigration law. It is crit-
ical to the national security of the United States, as the 9/11 Commission has so stated on more than one occa-sion. We can do this. Why is it not being done? What forces, what special interests, are interceding between the people of the United States, the na-tional interests, and their special in-terests that block this kind of system? 
We can make it work. It is not that 
hard. We need a biometric system, and that system should be founded on the fingerprint. It took us a number of years, but I think the government has finally concluded it must be the finger-print for a lot of reasons, one of which is if somebody got a visa to the United States and they committed a murder, an armed robbery, a terrorist act, a major fraud, and a warrant was issued for their arrest—if you don’t clock it in at the airport, who knows when they are leaving? So this would pick it up and would pick up any warrants that might be outstanding for those individ-uals anywhere in the United States that are put in the NCIC, National Crime Information Center. 
That is the way the system should 
work. It is long overdue. In the course of the discussions we will have in the weeks and months to come about the necessity of fixing a broken immigra-tion system, the entry-exit visa system has to be implemented. It is long over-due. We can make it happen. It is not that expensive. It is relatively inexpen-sive, actually, and it will make us much safer in the process. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the time allotted to each side and utilized be counted against both sides equally during quorum calls. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, here 
we are at the beginning of a new year and a new Congress, and I think we all feel a responsibility to do what the American people voted for in the No-vember 2014 election, which is to come together in this body and in this Con-gress and work together to find sen-sible solutions to the very real prob-lems facing Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.015 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S141 January 12, 2015 
It is no secret that the last 6 years 
have been pretty tough for a lot of peo-ple who are out of work or doing part- time work; kids graduating from high school, graduating from college, grad-uating from community schools, 2-year schools; going back and getting new training and still unable to find mean-ingful jobs; finding jobs that are part time, two or three of those together; parents trying to save money, pay the mortgage, save money to send the kids to postgraduate school. It has not been easy. So we have come to a point where we have legislation in a new session of Congress, with commitments on a bi-partisan basis to stand together, to 
work together, to try to find solutions, to get people back to work and get our economy moving again. Now we come to the very first issue up for discussion and debate and hopefully passage in this new Congress—the Keystone Pipe-line. 
This is an issue that has been going 
on for 6 years. The President has been obstinate in his obstruction in letting this go forward, in making a decision. Yet here we are, finally, with an oppor-tunity to not only pass legislation which has passed the House of Rep-resentatives, again, just last week with very significant bipartisan support— but now in the Senate to take up this legislation and to move it forward to-night with this vote, to start the proc-ess to allow amendments, to allow de-bate, and to move forward and hope-fully enjoy bipartisan support with over 60 votes and then move it to final passage and then send it to the Presi-dent for, hopefully, signing. 
This project is the largest, ready-to- 
build infrastructure project in the United States. It supports tens of thou-sands of jobs. The estimate has been well over 42,000. It invests billions of dollars in the American economy. It in-creases revenue to States and local governments, all without spending one dime of taxpayer money. This is a pri-vate sector initiative that can be of great benefit to our country. It can provide meaningful jobs and has many benefits for us in the future. 
It is supported by Democrats, by Re-
publicans, and by a number of labor unions. For instance, the Indiana State Building and Construction Trade Coun-cil, which represents 75,000 working Hoosiers in my State, reached out to me recently and asked me to support construction of the Keystone Pipeline, calling it ‘‘an important job creation and energy security issue.’’ They are right on the mark. They know I have been a longtime supporter of this ef-fort, but they wanted to put it in writ-ing. I am not sure it was necessary, and they weren’t weighing this on the basis of Republican or Democrat, liberal or conservative; they were saying that this is good for us and we hope all of our Senators can support it. We hope it passes. This is an initiative that puts our people to work. Other labor unions, including the North America’s Building Trade Unions and the Laborers’ Inter-national Union of North America sup-
port this project. 
I mentioned the President, for 6 
years, has come up with more feeble excuses in terms of why he believes this should not go forward. The last ex-cuse was: We are in a process here and the process has to go forward. That process was waiting, apparently, on the Nebraska Supreme Court approval of the pipeline route through Nebraska, and that was his excuse for why he would have to veto it. I am sure my colleagues now have the word that the Nebraska Supreme Court has upheld State approval of the Keystone Pipe-line. In fact, the President’s own State Department, in response to numerous calls for environmental studies—all of 
which were used as an excuse for not going forward—the President’s own State Department has repeatedly ap-proved this, saying it will not have a negative environmental imprint. 
So what could possibly be the reason 
the President remains intransigent on this particular issue, because every other box has been checked? We have to come down to the inevitable conclu-sion that it is all political, that an ex-treme environmental wing of the Presi-dent’s own party is simply putting un-told pressure on him to not go forward with anything having to do with fossil fuels or providing energy security for America from our own resources. After all, a significant portion comes from Montana and North Dakota—and the last time I checked they are in the United States—and from our friendly neighbor to the north, Canada. If this doesn’t go through, we will keep im-porting large quantities of oil from the Middle East. We know what complica-tions there are in terms of securing that oil and how much volatility oc-curs there based on what is happening today in the Middle East. 
So getting this product from our 
Northern States of North Dakota and Montana and getting this product from our friend to the north, Canada, simply makes a great deal of sense in terms of our energy security, our energy sup-plies, and lessening our reliance on the volatility that comes from getting oil from other sources. 
To conclude, let me just make it 
clear what it is we are trying to do. This will help the United States diver-sify its energy supply. It will offset our dependence on Middle East oil. It will support tens of thousands of American jobs in construction. It will invest bil-lions of dollars in the American econ-omy. It will increase revenue to State and local governments. It will not harm our environment, as numerous studies have indicated—all these bene-fits without spending a dime of tax-payer money. 
So after 6 years of delay, procrasti-
nation, and evermore feeble excuses, it is time for the President to make a de-cision. Soon he will have an oppor-tunity to use that pen he so famously talked about not to sign a veto or to declare a veto but to sign a bill approv-ing the Keystone Pipeline into law. I strongly support construction of 
this pipeline and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
I yield the floor and suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
Senator withhold his request? 
Mr. COATS. I certainly will. I didn’t 
see my colleague. I am happy to do so. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia. 
Mr. KAINE. Madam President, I am 
happy I was here for the comments of my colleague from Indiana on the Key-stone Pipeline and, similar to the Sen-ator from Indiana, I am also happy to finally have this debate. The comments he made are very sincere and passion-ately believed. I accept that. I only challenge one aspect of the comments, which is the suggestion that opposition of Keystone is feeble or only for polit-ical reasons. 
I am a pro-energy Senator. The first 
bill I introduced in the 114th Congress was a bill I am cosponsoring with Sen-ator B
ARRASSO of Wyoming to expedite 
American exports of liquid natural gas, but I am an opponent of Keystone on environmental and economic grounds, and I wish to spend a few minutes de-scribing why. 
To begin with, it can probably be 
summed up in a question: Why embrace dirty energy when America is in the midst of a clean energy revolution? That is a primary reason I oppose Key-stone. The United States, thank good-ness, is on a clean energy roll. Not only are we on a clean energy roll, we are on an energy production roll that is help-ing our economy, helping our trade def-icit, and hurting some of our most sig-nificant global adversaries, notably Russia and Iran. 
We have embraced over the last few 
years a set of conservation and effi-ciency investments, probably most no-tably the increased CAFE standards that have saved energy use in the vehi-cle sector as well as helped the Amer-ican auto industry significantly re-bound. Our natural gas revolution, of which I am a strong supporter, has en-abled American industry and con-sumers to get lower priced energy, and it has enabled us to lessen our depend-ence on dirtier fuels in the production of electric power and other aspects of 
our power usage. Wind and solar and other noncarbon energy developments have rocketed ahead. Nearly one-third of the energy that has been added to the American electricity grid since 2005 has been in the wind and solar area. We are one of the few nations in the world that in the period from 2005 to 2012 ac-tually saw a reduction in our carbon emissions. 
We are on a clean energy roll. We are 
innovating for the world and we are selling technologies to the rest of the world and that is good for our economy as well as good for the environment. 
We are also asserting American en-
ergy leadership not just in the ad-vances in clean energy but also in the significant advances in American en-ergy production. I think we should feel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.018 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S142 January 12, 2015 
good about the fact that we are a coun-
try that has gone from being one of the greatest net importers of energy in the world to now a country that is going to be one of the greatest energy producers in the world, and in many energy areas we are now a net exporter. So emis-sions are going down. Production and exports are going up. 
The other thing that is great for 
Americans is that prices are going down. A barrel of oil right now is in the $50-a-barrel range, which is putting about $1,000 a year back into the pock-ets of an American family. It is helping American businesses, and it is impos-ing, as I mentioned earlier, some sig-nificant harm upon two of our most persistent global adversaries—Iran and Russia—that rely on energy exports to drive their economy. 
This energy revolution—higher pro-
duction, greater economic efficiency, greater cleanliness—has all been hap-pening without the Keystone Pipeline. It has all been happening without the United States embracing tar sands oil. We are going in the right direction now. I oppose the Keystone Pipeline be-cause accelerating the use of tar sands oil turns us around. Instead of going in the right direction to more production, more national security and greater emissions control, the Keystone Pipe-line accelerates tar sands oil and takes us in the wrong direction. Simply put, tar sands oil and the exploitation of that resource is a bad bet for the envi-ronment and, I believe, a bad bet for the economy. 
Last month, December 2014, a maga-
zine I really like that normally has a lot of articles about the outdoors, Out-side magazine, ran a lengthy article on the area of Canada in Alberta where tar sands are mined. The article is called ‘‘The High Cost of Oil.’’ 
To anyone who is interested in this 
debate—pro, con or undecided—go on-line to Outside magazine, December 2014, ‘‘The High Cost of Oil,’’ and read what the mining of tar sands oil does to this part of Canada and to this plan-et. 
Tar sands oil is not like conventional 
gas or petroleum. Tar sands oil, the mining and refining and production of it, produces about 15 to 20 percent more greenhouse gas emissions per unit of energy than conventional petroleum. Natural gas produces dramatically less CO
2than conventional petroleum, but 
tar sands oil produces dramatically more. If you care about the emissions of CO
2—and I think we should all care 
about the emissions of CO 2because I 
accept the science that says CO 2emis-
sions cause significant climate ef-fects—if you care about CO
2emissions, 
then tar sands oil is absolutely the worst thing that can be done. 
Over the 2 years now that I have been 
in the Senate, I have had a lot of folks come to me and talk to me about Key-stone. They never say a word about greenhouse gas or CO
2emissions—not a 
word. Senator C OATS didn’t say a word 
in his comments about CO 2or green-house gas emissions. I ask individuals, 
when they come and talk to me about Keystone: What do you think about CO
2emissions? What do you think 
about the fact that tar sands oil is sig-nificantly more carbon dense than nor-mal petroleum? The response I find myself getting is: I don’t know; I am not a scientist. In fact, I heard that from an energy CEO who employs tons of scientists in his organizations: I don’t know; I am not a scientist. 
The scientific consensus I believe is 
very clear. We have to do what we can—not drastically and dramatically but in an incremental way—every day to bring down our CO
2emissions. I be-
lieve we need to do that in smart ways. Yet, from an emissions standpoint, tar sands oil goes exactly in the wrong di-rection. It is not just CO
2emissions. 
Tar sands oil also involves the mining of it. I would encourage you to read this article. It involves scraping up vast acreages of an arboreal forest in Alberta to get to the tar sands under-neath. So far, an area about the size of the State of Rhode Island has been completely despoiled to look like a moonscape to get to tar sands, and this will significantly accelerate the more tar sands are built. 
In the area of Alberta where the min-
ing and refining is taking place, there has been a dramatic increase in res-piratory illness and other illnesses as-sociated either with airborne emissions or with the contamination of the area’s water supply. 
Probably one of the most powerful 
things about the article is not the lengthy analysis, not the words, it is the pictures. The pictures in that arti-cle are staggering. When you see what has to be done to these arboreal forests to mine tar sands oil, you come back to this question: Why would we embrace a dirtier technology when America is on a clean-energy revolution that is driv-ing down prices, driving up production, and also driving down emissions. 
Tar sands oil takes us in the wrong 
direction. It is not so much about the pipeline. We rely on pipelines in this country, but it is about the accelera-tion of the development of a resource that, frankly, just doesn’t need to be developed. 
I will conclude and say this. Some 
say—and I made this argument—well, look, it is going to be mined anyway and refined anyway. If the pipeline doesn’t go through the United States, it will go westward or eastward through Canada or another direction. I am not completely sure that is correct. The article in Outside discusses the fact that Canadians, who know this better than anybody because they live in the neighborhood, are fighting against pipelines being built in Canada. There is also the matter with oil now at a significantly lower price than it has been. Even the economics of this tar sands oil, which is pretty expensive because of what you have to do to re-fine it, may not make any sense. But even if we set those arguments aside and somebody says to me, why 
shouldn’t the United States just give the big green light to tar sands oil be-cause somebody is going to get it, the reason I think we shouldn’t is the United States is showing the world right now what it means to be an en-ergy leader. 
With increased production, lower 
emissions, lower prices through inno-vation—through American innova-tion—we are showing the world what it means to be an energy leader. We are a leader because we have embraced a simple effort. 
I am not an engineer, but as I look at 
what happened in innovation in the last decade, the ethic we have em-braced is: Let’s do it cleaner tomorrow than today. That is pretty simple. Let’s do it cleaner tomorrow than today—not dramatically cleaner. It doesn’t have to turn day and night from today to tomorrow. Let’s just get a little bit cleaner tomorrow than today. 
That is what we have been doing as a 
Nation. It has been increasing supply. It has been driving down demand. It has been driving down prices. It has been helping us control emissions. That is what we should keep doing. I am a pro-energy Senator, but I am a deep skeptic about the use of tar sands oil. For that reason, I am glad we are going to have the debate. I think we should finally be at it. But I am going to oppose the Keystone Pipeline be-cause tar sands oil is going backwards and not forwards. We are showing the world what it means to go forward, and that is the direction we should con-tinue to go. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, we 
are going to be voting shortly on the motion to proceed to S. 1, the Keystone XL Pipeline. I am here to urge my col-leagues to vote no on that motion to proceed. We had a couple of chances to come to the Senate floor already today and last week and talk about the im-portant issue of energy development in the United States and how we move our country forward with job creation and energy development. The Presi-dent—we got to hear his remarks and certainly we respect people’s points of view that this issue is an issue we have had a lot of time to discuss. 
Mr. President, the issue is whether 
the American public and people in af-fected States have had a lot of time to talk about this issue and whether they have had a transparent process to talk about this issue. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD an article that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.019 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S143 January 12, 2015 
was in USA TODAY whose headline is 
‘‘Permit problems plague Keystone XL pipeline’s S.D. leg.’’ 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From USA Today, Jan. 7, 2015] 
PERMIT PROBLEMS PLAGUE KEYSTONE XL 
PIPELINE ’SS.D. L EG 
(By John Hultjhult) 
The South Dakota Public Utilities Com-
mission on Tuesday voted down a move by tribal and environmental groups to force a reboot to the Keystone XL pipeline’s state- level permitting process. (http://www .argusleader.com/story/news/2015/01/06/sd-per-mit-keystone-xl-still-question/21359367/) 
PUC commissioners said there are clear 
questions about whether South Dakota’s stretch of the massive and controversial project is still due the construction permit it earned in 2010, given a series of changes to its original scope. 
The 2014 version of the pipeline would be 
able to carry crude from North Dakota, for example, along with the anticipated crude extracted from tar sands in Alberta, Canada. 
Even so, commissioners ruled that forcing 
pipeline owner TransCanada to start over without being offered a chance to explain how it could make those changes while meet-ing its old obligations would be a denial of due process. 
‘‘We need to go through the process to find 
out,’’ Commissioner Chris Nelson said. 
TransCanada asked for re-certification of 
its 2010 construction permit in September. The company had to ask for re-certification because four years had passed since the per-mit was granted. 
The pipeline stalled as President Obama 
chose Tuesday to delay the issuance of a fed-eral permit indefinitely, a move that has frustrated supporters, who say the project will add jobs and boost energy security. If completed, the Keystone XL pipeline would release more than 800,000 barrels of oil a day. 
The GOP-controlled Senate is expected to 
take up the issue this week. 
In a new application for the 313 miles of 
pipeline planned for South Dakota, the com-pany notes 30 changes to the original project, including the addition of North Da-kota oil, minor route changes, alterations to construction plans and costs. 
The Yankton Sioux Tribe filed a motion to 
dismiss the company’s application based on those changes, saying the re-certification process is meant for projects that have been delayed, not those that have altered dra-matically in scope. 
The permit was issued with a set of 50 con-
ditions, which were based on the project as approved four years ago. 
Thomasina Real Bird, a lawyer for the 
Yankton Sioux Tribe, told commissioners that the changes to the pipeline are simply too significant to allow the company to apply for re-certification. 
The company isn’t just asking to re-certify 
a stalled project, she said. 
‘‘They’re going a step beyond, and that 
step is not allowed by law,’’ Real Bird said. 
Several others spoke in support of the 
Yankton Sioux Tribe’s motion to dismiss, in-cluding Kimberly Craven of the Indigenous Environmental Network. 
‘‘I would urge the commission to start 
over,’’ Craven said. ‘‘It’s a new permit, a new ballgame.’’ 
Bill Taylor, a lawyer for TransCanada, told 
commissioners that re-certification is meant to determine whether delayed projects still fall within the scope of an old permit. Drop-ping a re-certification request because a project changes renders the re-certification process pointless. Keystone XL has changed, but Taylor said 
the company is prepared to prove that it still meets each of the 50 conditions attached to its 2010 approval. The pipeline is still a pipe-line, the product is the same, and the end re-sult is more energy security for the U.S., Taylor said. 
‘‘The current iteration of the project can 
and will meeting the conditions upon which the permit is issued,’’ Taylor said. 
The PUC voted 3–0 to deny the motions to 
dismiss the application brought by the Yankton Sioux Tribe and joined by others. The hearing on the merits of the re-certifi-cation is planned for May. 
Ms. CANTWELL. This is an article 
that just recently appeared in the paper about how South Dakota is bringing up objections to the pipeline, and they want to do due process with their public utility commission to make sure this project meets the cri-teria of environmental and safety con-cerns and security concerns that State wants to see met. 
The reason this is still an issue in 
South Dakota is because part of the pipeline will go through South Dakota. There have been many changes since the original proposal was put forth, and people in South Dakota want to know exactly what these changes are and exactly how they will go through the process. In fact, one Native Amer-ican tribe representative who was ob-jecting said: 
The company is not just asking to recer-
tify its old project. They are going a step be-yond that that is not allowed by law. 
So there are people who want them 
to go through the normal process be-cause siting of a pipeline of this nature is of great concern to local residents, to property owners. 
I find it interesting that in the de-
bate on this issue, we on this side of the aisle are the ones who are advo-cating and standing up for property owners to make sure there is not a tak-ing of their property without a trans-parent process and input for that proc-ess because that is exactly what tran-spired here when the company, with the help of the State of Nebraska, did not continue to proceed through their public service commission, their public utility commission, and instead tried to pass a law saying that the environ-mental review and security issues and oversight could be done by the Gov-ernor. 
Now, my colleagues who are Gov-
ernors know that when you are Gov-ernor, you do not have the most trans-parent process. It is not as if citizens are going to come to hearings in the Governor’s office. It is not as though all of that is there for review. Cer-tainly those citizens do not have the ability to object and make sure they are getting the right compensation for their property and make sure issues of safety and security are addressed. 
So that is why some private property 
owners sued. Because the legislature and the Governor did not have the right to act; the law taking the power away from the utility commission and giving it to the Governor was unconsti-tutional. The separation of powers is 
divided between the Governor and their public service commission. It is the job of those UTCs—utilities and transpor-tation commissions around the coun-try—to protect the interests of the public in the siting of these facilities. That this authority was now moved up through the legislature to the Gov-ernor to decide all of that was clearly something that was not constitutional. I find it very interesting that four of the seven supreme court justices said, in fact, yes, that law passed by the leg-islature was not constitutional. 
So my question is, What is the hurry? 
Now that this issue, based on standing and the other justices not deciding, has the process to move forward, Congress feels some sort of urgency to be a siting commission and site a pipeline that has, No. 1, failed to go through the public process in the State of Ne-braska; No. 2, has a public process now being questioned in the State of South Dakota, raising concern and urgency that those issues of the public be ad-dressed; and No. 3, goes over what the President of the United States has said he wants to follow as a due process and make sure all the issues are brought to the table. 
I will remind my colleagues that if 
everybody here had their way, the President would have approved the original Keystone XL pipeline route. Congress thought they should stick their hands in the middle of this siting and land use issue and put in legisla-tive language on a passed bill by the Congress saying the President, if it was a national security interest, must de-cide and site the Keystone Pipeline. Thank God those at the State Depart-ment and the White House decided that was not such a smart idea because that current pipeline went through a major aquifer that served eight States and posed a great deal of concern to land-owners, farmers, residents, and various individuals about that particular pro-posal. 
So if this body would have had its 
way before—those who support this pipeline—they would have pressured the President to approve what is now a defunct, horrible idea of what was pro-posed by TransCanada. So now I ask my colleagues, are you sure all of the issues have been addressed here at the local level? Because clearly there are people in Nebraska and people in South Dakota who do not think so. 
Last I checked, our job is not to site 
pipelines; our job is to move our coun-try forward on an energy strategy that will produce jobs, diversify our re-sources, and make the United States a leader in energy. 
I know my colleagues feel as if we 
will get a chance to address a lot of issues if we do move forward in a de-bate, and I am sure there will be many on many sides. I question whether we shouldn’t be spending our time focus-ing on a bipartisan energy bill with lots of support on a whole myriad of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.025 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S144 January 12, 2015 
others issues we need to work on, as we 
did in 2007, to make sure we are helping in the transformation of energy policy moving forward that will produce a lot more jobs. 
This particular proposal, as many of 
my colleagues have pointed out, while there are some immediate construction jobs, the long-term jobs are very few compared to many of the other things we have been doing. 
I would also like to point out that 
since Keystone has undertaken more development in the United States, that part of that development in the United States has also come into question lately. The security of the welding on the pipeline that has been done in the southern part of that pipeline has come into question, even to the point where I think the State Department has said to the company: We are going to have a third-party validator approve wheth-er you are actually meeting the stand-ards we would like to see in the devel-opment of this pipeline in the United States. 
But there are many issues here about 
safety and security, as my colleagues can point out who have brought up these issues before. My colleague from Michigan suffered one of the most dev-astating oilspills in her area. That was a tar sands oilspill. My colleague from Michigan, Senator S
TABENOW , has actu-
ally flown over that oilspill and cited that it took 4 years and $1.2 billion to clean it up and that the tar sands sunk to the bottom of the river and the river had to be dredged. 
So this is something my colleagues 
may not quite understand, that the tar sands, even according to the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard—we do not really have a solution for its cleanup when it spills in water. That is why I want to make sure that tar sands pay into the oilspill liability trust fund, as any other oil source does, so that we can make sure we are planning for the future and for getting help and re-sponse for any of these oilspills that could occur in the future. 
But needless to say Michigan and the 
Kalamazoo spill taught our Nation how dangerous this oilspill process could be. So why are we prematurely trying to cut off the debate on this issue at the local government level and say that we in Congress know better than these utility and transportation commissions and their transparent siting process for the American public? Why do we some-how know better that this is where a pipeline should go and how the process should work? 
So I hope my colleagues will stop and 
think more about how TransCanada proposal. I know some of my colleagues like to talk about being a good neigh-bor, and I like to say, you know, we in the Pacific Northwest consider British Columbia a very big friend and neigh-bor. There are many times that people talk about two provinces and five States working together as an organi-zation on economic issues. So that structure has been in place for many years in the Pacific Northwest. But the 
people of British Columbia have not been a big supporter of tar sands oil ex-pansion. Something like 60 percent of the public of British Columbia opposes having a tar sands pipeline cross their province. TransCanada knows they are not going to be successful in getting this oil from Alberta across British Co-lumbia out to the Pacific because the people of British Columbia do not want it. So, of course, why not come to the United States? Why not ask them if they want a pipeline going through the middle of their country? 
British Columbia Premier Christy 
Clark laid out five principles that ought to have been met in order to site a pipeline of tar sands. Those condi-tions have not been met, and the prov-ince is officially opposed to the pipe-line. So there was a lot of opposition and concern there. 
I will note for my colleagues that 
when a public UTC—a utility commis-sion or public service commission— when they evaluate a project, they have to look at the environmental im-pact, and that is water supply, wildlife, vegetation, plants, and they have to look at the economic and social im-pact. They need to look at alternative routes, the impact to future develop-ment near the pipeline, and the views of cities and counties. Again, I will note that I think all of those are a part of having a transparent process instead of a political process on siting. 
So I am not for moving forward on 
what I consider special interest legisla-tion, Congress siting for a special in-terest—this TransCanada company—a project that even people in Canada have raised suspicion about. 
I hope that we will allow the Presi-
dent to still do due process on such an important issue of environmental con-cern and that we will not start setting a standard that if you want to short- circuit the eminent domain and protec-tion rights of individuals, we will just bypass all of that at the local level and somehow go to Congress and they will get that done for you. I think that is a very bad message. 
I hope my colleagues will turn down 
this legislation, I hope that we can move on to other energy issues that will help our country diversify and move forward in the future. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise to 
again talk about the Keystone XL Pipeline approval bill. We will be vot-ing on cloture on the motion to pro-ceed in about 15 minutes or so. 
I believe we have a bipartisan major-
ity. We have 60 sponsors of the legisla-tion, and we will have some others join 
us in voting to proceed on the bill. 
That is important, not just because 
this is bipartisan legislation, impor-tant energy legislation for our country 
but, as I have said before, this is an op-portunity for all the Members of this body—Republican and Democrat—to come forward with their amendments in an open amendment process and really have an energy debate. 
Let’s talk about the energy future of 
this country and let’s bring forward amendments to this legislation that can be good amendments and help us build the right kind of energy plan for our country. 
What I would point out about this 
Keystone Pipeline approval bill is that as we work to build an energy plan for this country, as we work to produce more energy so we are truly energy se-cure—a lot of people call it energy independence—but the way I define it is energy security for our country where we produce more energy than we consume, so we control our destiny. If we produce more energy than we con-sume, then we control our destiny when it comes to energy. But to do that, we would not only have to produce that energy, we have to have the infrastructure to move it safely, cost effectively, and efficiently from where it is produced to where it is con-sumed. 
We have this incredible opportunity 
with Canada to have North American energy security. We are working with our closest friend and ally in the world. We together produce more energy than we consume, and we have the infra-structure in place to move it from where it is produced to where it is con-sumed in our country. Now we control our own destiny. 
When it comes to OPEC or when it 
comes to Russia or when it comes to China, when it comes to geopolitical events that affect the price of energy, we are in a strong situation. Look at what is going on in Western Europe right now. Look at what is going on in Ukraine. They are in a tremendously difficult situation because they are de-pendent on Russia for their energy, for their natural gas, at a time when Vladimir Putin is undertaking very ag-gressive action in Europe. He is invad-ing Ukraine. He has taken Crimea. He continues his aggressive efforts. And at the same time the European Union is trying to support Ukraine, Ukraine is fighting with Russia. This is a situa-tion where Ukraine is depending upon Russia for its energy. 
Does America really want to be in 
that kind of a situation in the future when we have real problems in the Mid-dle East, when we have real problems with fundamentalists, Islamic jihadists conducting terror on our people and other freedom-loving people around the world? Do we want to be in a situation where we continue to depend upon the Middle East for our oil? 
Well, the answer to that is no. The 
American people resoundingly answer that question—no. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.026 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S145 January 12, 2015 
Also, the American people well know 
that the reason gas prices at the pump today are lower is not because OPEC just decided to give us a Christmas present. They know the reason energy prices are low in this country, that when they pull up to the pump they are saving money, is because we are pro-ducing so much more energy in this country and we are getting more en-ergy from Canada. 
Unless OPEC cuts back their produc-
tion, more supply drives prices down. So it is not only about low prices now, it is about making sure we are able to control our energy destiny in the fu-ture. We have to take a long-term view. It is working. 
Of the 18 million barrels of oil a day 
this country consumes, we now produce 11 million barrels in this country. We are up to 11 million barrels that we produce in this country of the total we consume, so we are still importing about 7 million barrels a day. 
Canada is now up to 3 million of 
those 7 million barrels, so we are down to only importing about 4 million bar-rels a day, but if we keep working at this, we can continue to produce more in this country. Canada’s production is continuing to grow. And if we build the infrastructure, we can make sure that we control that energy—North Amer-ican energy security. 
That means not only now do our con-
sumers and small businesses and our whole Nation benefit from lower en-ergy prices, lower gas prices at the pump, but we have that ability to make sure we control our destiny and that we benefit in the future. 
Let’s not repeat the mistakes of the 
past where we return to this depend-ency on OPEC down the road because we haven’t built the infrastructure, we haven’t worked with Canada, and we haven’t brought our domestic industry to North America so that we truly are energy secure. If we don’t build the necessary infrastructure, if we block the necessary infrastructure, we can’t build that energy plan for the future. 
I have heard my counterparts, some 
of the critics, say: Well, it is not up to us to issue a building permit for infra-structure. 
Really? So you mean it is the Presi-
dent’s job and it is Congress’s job to block critical energy that will get us to energy security? Our job is to block it? Our job is to prevent the very infra-structure we need to build energy secu-rity for this country, to block the pri-vate investment, the $8 billion that pri-vate companies want to spend to build this infrastructure, to create jobs, to produce more energy in North Amer-ica, and to help make this country’s energy security? The President’s job and this body’s job is to block the abil-ity of our country and Canada to build this necessary infrastructure? Well, I don’t think so. 
If you want to put it in terms of: Oh, 
well, we are not supposed to issue a building permit—really? So our job is to prevent the building of critical in-frastructure even when it does not cost 
one single penny—not one penny—of government money? 
This is almost $8 billion of private in-
vestment that will generate hundreds of millions of dollars of revenue— State, local, and Federal. Every State on the route has approved it. 
There is an idea somehow we are 
jumping the gun after 6 years? Let’s see, it has been in process for 6 years. Every State on the route has approved it. We are not spending any Federal money. We are saying our job as a Con-gress and the President is to block that kind of investment, block that kind of job creation, block that kind of energy development, and block our ability to get to energy security for this country. 
Then there is this argument: Oh, 
well, it is TransCanada. It is one com-pany. It is only one company, so it really doesn’t matter. 
Really? Well, if you were a com-
pany—a Canadian company or a U.S. company—and you were about to build infrastructure so that we could con-tinue to produce more energy in this country, would you do it? If, in spite of the process that the Federal Govern-ment has to approve this project, where all of the requirements have been met—not once, but over and over again—and Congress and the President continue to block your ability to build that infrastructure, are you going to jump up and spend billions of dollars and do it? I doubt it. 
And isn’t that really what this is all 
about? That is what it is about, isn’t it? It is for the folks, for the extreme environmental groups that don’t want the development of fossil fuels—they are going to block it. This is sending the message and making sure they shut her down here. That has to be music to OPEC’s ears. I have to believe that OPEC is going: Boy, that is great; they are not going to build the infrastruc-ture in their country to produce the energy. 
That is going to keep OPEC in busi-
ness. 
There is another country that I think 
will be very pleased, really excited, if this project gets blocked, and that is China. China is so anxious to get this oil, they are trying to buy that produc-tion in Canada. Because, make no mis-take, if the energy doesn’t come to the United States, it is going somewhere else, and it is most likely going to China. 
So when we get back in that situa-
tion down the road when oil prices move back up, energy demand goes back up, and we have prevented our in-dustry from growing—and Canada is sending all the oil to China, and we have to go back hat in hand to OPEC, Venezuela, and all of these countries, remember—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to continue for 5 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? Ms. CANTWELL. Reserving the right 
to object. Is the vote scheduled for 4 minutes from now? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, the 
vote is scheduled for 5:30 p.m. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I am happy if the 
Senator speaks until the time of the vote, but I think we should keep to the vote schedule. 
Mr. HOEVEN. What time is the vote 
scheduled? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote 
is scheduled at 5:30 p.m. That would leave the Senator 2 minutes. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I note the presence of 
the chairman of the Energy Com-mittee. I defer to her for some time if she wishes to speak before the vote. That would be my question, whether we could get maybe a couple of min-utes for that purpose. I can certainly wrap up in a couple of minutes. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
defer to my colleague, the sponsor of this legislation, Senator H
OEVEN from 
North Dakota, to conclude his remarks within the remaining time so that we can begin our vote at 5:30 p.m. We ap-preciate his leadership on this bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I will wrap up on this 
note. 
Let’s not get back into the same pre-
dicament we have gotten ourselves into before. Let’s build this vital energy in-frastructure so we can develop energy security for our country, together with Canada. 
The other point I want to make is on 
the environmental point: No signifi-cant environmental impact. That is the finding of the Obama administration’s environmental impact statement done by the State Department. That is their own report: No significant environ-mental impact. 
I look forward to having more discus-
sion on the environmental aspects as well. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in favor 
of this legislation. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
having expired, pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the pend-ing motion to proceed to S. 1, a bill to ap-prove the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
Mitch McConnell, Lisa Murkowski, 
Chuck Grassley, Richard Burr, Tim Scott, John Boozman, Ron Johnson, Lindsey Graham, James Lankford, James M. Inhofe, Dean Heller, Rand Paul, Kelly Ayotte, Bill Cassidy, John Cornyn, David Vitter, John Hoeven. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.023 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S146 January 12, 2015 
proceed to S. 1, a bill to approve the 
Keystone XL Pipeline, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The assistant legislative clerk called 
the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C ASSIDY ) 
would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ), the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID), and 
the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W YDEN ) 
are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 63, 
nays 32, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 3 Leg.] 
YEAS—63 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Casey Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran 
Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Wicker 
NAYS—32 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Boxer Cantwell Cardin Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Warren Whitehouse 
NOT VOTING—5 
Brown 
Cassidy Reid 
Rubio Wyden 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 63, the nays are 32. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
The Senator from Pennsylvania is 
recognized. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each and that that time count postcloture. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be allowed to speak for 15 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator is recognized. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, first, I 
congratulate my colleagues Senator H
OEVEN and Senator M ANCHIN , the co-
sponsors of this legislation. I also com-mend the energy committee chair, Sen-ator M
URKOWSKI . This is important leg-
islation. It is long overdue that we take this up, but it is encouraging that we finally are doing that. So I com-mend them for that. 
Mr. President, the Senate is not in 
order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will be in order. Could Senators please take their conversations out of the Chamber. The Senate will be in order. 
The Senator is recognized. Mr. TOOMEY. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
A couple of things about the Key-
stone Pipeline, and then I wish to talk about an amendment I am going to be offering. 
First, I think one of the encouraging 
things about approving this pipeline is the benefits for the environment. The fact is we will be moving oil on a pipe-line which is a cleaner, safer way to do it than any available alternative. That is good news. 
It is good news that it is going to cre-
ate jobs across our country. The State Department has estimated 42,000 jobs in the development of this pipeline. That is terrific news for everyone who is going to get a chance to benefit from that work. 
Clearly it is going to reduce our de-
pendence on non-North American oil, which can only be good from a geo-political point of view as well as an economic point of view. Of course, the fact is this legislation has bipartisan support and has for a long time. It re-ceived 31 Democratic votes in the House, 14 Democratic votes in the Sen-ate, as well as every Republican Sen-ator the last time it was brought up. It is strongly supported by the labor com-munity because they recognize the ben-efits of the jobs it will create, and I urge my colleagues to support this im-portant legislation. 
I also would like to take a moment 
to thank Leader M
CCONNELL for doing 
exactly what he said he would do and what many of us said we needed to do in this Chamber, which is to reopen this body—reopen it and have debate and put legislation on the floor and open it for amendment. Let’s have a discussion. Let’s change policy in this country in ways that will be construc-tive. We are beginning this process now as we said we would, and I think that is terrific and I intend to take advan-tage of the opportunity. 
I have several amendments I am 
going to file and I intend to bring up with respect to this legislation. One is going to be an amendment that will en-courage a transition of our Federal 
Government’s vehicle fleet from the current practice of burning gasoline mostly, and I encourage the adoption of natural gas as an alternative fuel be-cause natural gas is cleaner, it is do-mestic, it is actually cheaper. Without any government subsidy or taxpayer help, natural gas is a cheaper source of fuel. 
We have a staggering quantity. The 
United States is the world’s No. 1 pro-ducer of natural gas. We have 2.2 quad-rillion cubic feet of natural gas. That is too big a number for me to wrap my brain around, but let’s put it this way: That is the gas we know of, and it is enough to last the next 85 years, based on any plausible projection of our use. 
It is a staggering amount. 
I have another amendment that also 
has bipartisan support. I thank Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN , Senators F LAKE and 
MANCHIN for supporting the effort to 
repeal the corn ethanol mandate in our fuel. This is a very bad policy that we have had for far too long. It is time to end this mandate that we grow corn and use it to burn in our gas tanks. It is a practice that is bad for the envi-ronment. It raises the cost of filling our tanks. It raises the cost of food be-cause so much of our corn production goes into this, and it is not good for our engines. There is no good reason to continue this, and I look forward to having the debate that will enable us to repeal the corn ethanol mandate. 
But the amendment I wish to talk 
about is another bipartisan amend-ment. I thank Senator C
ASEY for being 
the Democratic cosponsor for this amendment, and I thank Senator H
ATCH for joining me. This is an 
amendment that will preserve an im-portant, environmentally beneficial source of alternative energy that we have especially in Pennsylvania and West Virginia, and it is under threat by two new rules that have been proposed by the EPA. 
Let me give a little bit of background 
as to why we have gotten to this place. In Pennsylvania and West Virginia we have been mining coal for well over a century, and for many of the decades, especially in the early years of our coal development, we took the high-energy density coal and our coal miners sold it to the steel industry where it was used in the manufacturing process of mak-ing steel, and the low-energy coal was left in piles—huge piles—actually mountains. It is often referred to as waste coal. 
The first photograph illustrates one 
of these waste coal piles. It is in Nanty Glo in Cambria County, PA. It is one of many piles or, as I say, mountains throughout Pennsylvania and West Virginia. The Pennsylvania Depart-ment of Environmental Protection es-timates that there are 2 billion tons of waste coal such as this covering 180,000 acres in Pennsylvania alone. Think about that. It is a massive scale be-cause of over a century of legacy of coal mining. Some of these piles are literally in people’s backyards. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.024 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S147 January 12, 2015 
Here we can see the people who live 
literally within a stone’s throw—if you have a reasonably good arm—within a stone’s throw you can reach this pile. That is also Nanty Glo in Cambria County. There are people who live within a couple of hundred feet. 
What is the problem with these 
mountains? The problem with these mountains of coal is it rains on them, and when it rains the runoff is horren-dous. It looks like this. It looks like this in every one of these mountains of waste coal everywhere that one exists, every time it rains. In 2003 in an op-ed entitled ‘‘The Benefits of Waste Coal,’’ former Democratic Governor of Penn-sylvania Ed Rendell’s Department of Environmental Protection secretary, whose name is Kathleen McGinty, wrote: ‘‘For years these piles sat aban-doned, generating iron, manganese and aluminum pollution that discharged as runoff into Pennsylvania’s water-ways.’’ 
That is exactly what happens when 
these piles just sit here. 
In 2011 the Pennsylvania Department 
of Environmental Protection report states: 
Coal refuse piles that are not removed (i.e. 
burned for fuel) generally create severe acid mine drainage, with pH in the 2.5 range . . . 
A pH that high, by the way, is some-
where between the intensity of stom-ach acid and hydrochloric acid. That kind of acidic chemical running into our waters is enormously damaging. 
Slide No. 4 is another depiction of ex-
actly what happens when rainwater runs through these piles and finds its way into the streams, rivers, ponds, and lakes of Pennsylvania. It pollutes hundreds of miles of rivers and streams. 
In 2007 former Democratic Governor 
of Pennsylvania, Ed Rendell said: 
These piles are domestic energy sources 
that have significant value when put into production in CFB cogeneration plants. When left on the ground, waste coal presents a grave environmental threat. Runoff from these piles contributes to the ‘‘abandoned mine drainage’’ that is the second leading water pollution problem in the Common-wealth, literally killing all life in some 2,000 stream miles in Pennsylvania. 
But that is not all. Photo No. 5 shows 
something else that happens with these piles. They catch fire. They spontane-ously combust. It could be from light-ning, carelessness, and sometimes it is unknown, but they catch fire. This par-ticular photo is from Fell Township in Lackawanna County, PA. 
The pile caught fire in December of 
2013. It burned for over a year. It is very hard to put these fires out. It burned out of control with, obviously, no ability to do anything about the pollutants that are being released by the combustion because it is com-pletely uncontrolled. 
We think the fire went out in Janu-
ary, but authorities are still not cer-tain that it may not be smoldering somewhere below the surface. By the way, this mountain is 600 feet from res-idential housing. What is the effect of this kind of combustion on the resi-
dents in that area? 
How much of this will burn? Maybe 
some people think this is just a freak incident. Not really, the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protec-tion estimates that 6.6 million tons of waste coal burns each year—unin-tended, uncontrolled, but it is burn-ing—and in the process it emits 9 mil-lion tons of carbon dioxide and many tons of other uncontrolled air pollu-tion. 
What about cleaning all of this up? 
The costs would be absolutely stag-gering. Again, former Pennsylvania De-partment of Environmental Protection Secretary McGinty estimated that it costs between $20,000 and $40,000 to re-claim just one acre of waste coal. We have hundreds of thousands of acres of waste coal. 
The Pennsylvania General Assembly 
has estimated it would cost approxi-mately $15 billion to remediate Penn-sylvania’s abandoned mine set. That is the bad news. 
The good news is the market has fig-
ured out a solution to address this matter. The free market has developed a way to systematically eliminate these mountains of waste coal, and for decades we have had powerplants de-signed specifically for the purpose of burning this coal and doing so in a con-trolled and regulated fashion. They have removed 210 million tons of waste coal and used it to produce electricity. 
They have remediated over 8,000 
acres. They have generated 1.769 gigawatts of electricity, which is enough to power 1.3 million homes, and in the process the generation of elec-tricity from this waste coal has di-rectly resulted in creating 1,200 jobs. 
In the past, the EPA has always ac-
knowledged the benefits of systemati-cally eliminating these mountains of waste coal and doing so by generating electricity. In fact, I will quote a re-port from the EPA in 2011 that says this: ‘‘Because of the unique environ-mental benefits that coal refuse-fired EGUs provide, these units warrant spe-cial consideration.’’ 
The problem I am here to address is 
that there are two new rules passed by the EPA that would bring an end to the systemic elimination of these moun-tains because these rules are prohibi-tive. It is not possible for the waste coal powerplants to comply with these rules, so they would all be shut down and we would be left with these piles indefinitely, which would mar our landscape and pollute our water and 
air. 
The two specific rules that would do 
this—the cross-State air pollution rule is very likely to have the effect of im-posing absolutely unattainable goals on waste coal powerplants, and the utility MACT rule establishes new and very stringent emission controls and a whole new generation of very stringent regulations that this industry cannot meet. 
If these rules go into effect—and they 
are scheduled to go into effect later this year—then waste coal and electric 
generation ends, and these plants close. As a result, we lose the electric power they have been generating, the 1,200 jobs they sustain, and the low-cost en-ergy that is reliable and domestic. We will end up with a more serious air pol-lution problem when the spontaneous combustion continues, and we will have an ongoing problem with water and air pollution as the nearby streams and water table will be polluted. 
That is why Senator C
ASEY , Senator 
HATCH , and I have joined together to 
offer an amendment to this legislation that will exempt the waste coal power-plants from the most onerous and pro-hibitive aspects of these new rules. 
With respect to utility MACT, we 
would retain all of the regulatory lim-its on mercury, chromium, nickel, and other heavy metals, but it would ex-empt the waste coal plants from the cross-State air pollution rules, and it would allow these plants to continue remediating these waste coal sites. 
I wish to stress that it is important 
to point out that all of the existing regulations that have long been in ef-fect will remain in effect. What we are talking about are the two new rules that would be guaranteed to shut down the industry. Those two rules would not go into effect with respect to the waste coal electric generation. 
The fact is if our amendment is 
adopted and becomes law, we will be helping our environment by continuing to systematically eliminate these blights. I want more success stories like the one in this photograph. 
This photo was taken in 
Nesquehoning in Carbon County, PA. The first photo shows what the ground looked like when the waste coal was piled up. The second photo shows what happens after it has been consumed and the land has been restored. This hap-pened precisely because there is a near-by waste coal powerplant that was able to take this coal, generate electricity for us to use, and restore the land to a 
much safer, much more environ-mentally friendly, and much more at-tractive environment. 
We need to keep these plants oper-
ating. It is about improving our envi-ronment, it is about keeping people working, it is about the low-cost, reli-able electricity that we have from it, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
With that, I yield the floor. 
f 
MISSOURI’S EMANCIPATION 
PROCLAMATION 
Mrs. M CCASKILL. Mr. President, I 
ask the Senate to join me today in honoring the 150th anniversary of the State of Missouri’s Emancipation Proc-lamation which ended slavery in the State of Missouri. This proclamation of freedom was imperative for democracy and progress in our State. It is un-doubtedly a landmark in Missouri’s history. 
In 1720, the arrival of 500 slaves to the 
areas presently known as St. Louis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.029 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S148 January 12, 2015 
County and Jefferson County, marked 
the beginning of slavery in Missouri. Those slaves, who were brought to work in the lead mines in those coun-ties, experienced great discrimination over the course of 1
1⁄2centuries. When 
the Territorial Slave Codes were cre-ated in 1804, slaves were banned from using firearms, participating in assem-blies, holding church services and sell-ing alcohol. Under the codes, slaves were also punished severely for partici-pating in resistance efforts and the mu-tilation of slaves for the sexual assault of white women was made legal. White men who sexually assaulted slave women, however, were charged for tres-passing upon a slave owner’s property. 
Retained by the State Constitution 
in 1820, the Territorial Slave Codes were only a premonition of more to come. In 1821, Missouri entered the Union as a slave State with the passing of the Missouri Compromise and in 1825, the Missouri Legislature passed a law which declared slaves to be incom-petent as witnesses in legal cases in-volving whites. That gloomy trend con-tinued as the education of slaves was banned in an 1847 ordinance. One of the most foreboding events, however, oc-curred in 1857 with the infamous Su-preme Court case Dred Scott v. Sandford when the judicial system in the state of Missouri and the wider ju-dicial system in the United States de-cided that persons of African descent were not U.S. citizens. 
At the time of the Civil War, over 
100,000 slaves were living in the State of Missouri and when President Abra-ham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation in 1863, Missouri’s slaves were not freed as Missouri was not offi-cially in rebellion against the United States. Missouri’s slaves received their freedom on January 11, 1865, when the Emancipation Ordinance was signed at a State convention in St. Louis. That ordinance was made effective imme-diately and the strict codes of the past were eliminated. 
I ask that the Senate join me in re-
flecting upon this difficult time in Mis-souri’s history and honoring the histor-ical significance of the Emancipation Ordinance which ended slavery in the State of Missouri, 150 years ago. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ 
HARRISON BULLOCK 
∑Mr. COONS. Mr. President, today I 
highlight the service of William ‘‘Bill’’ Harrison Bullock to his country, com-mitment to his family, and contribu-tion to both the city of Wilmington and the State of Delaware. 
Bill was born on November 11, 1926, in 
Wilmington, DE, to William and Amy Bullock. He graduated from P.S. Du-Pont in 1945 and was immediately drafted to serve as an aircraft me-chanic in the Asia-Pacific theater dur-ing the Second World War. 
Upon his return to the United States, 
Bill joined and ultimately took over the five generation family business, Bullock Iron Works, which allowed him 
to meld his passions of building and construction with artistry. Bill in-vented a process for the precision bend-ing of cold steel for decorative applica-tions, including railings. The family business gave him an opportunity to work with his brother-in-law James Broad—husband to his sister Amy—and his nephew Jim Broad. Bill very much enjoyed and spoke often of the bond created by working and creating beau-tiful ornamental steel creations with his family members. 
Bill had a long-standing bet with his 
brother-in-law that he would not get married before he turned 30 years old. Bill married Norma McBride on No-vember 10, 1956—1 day before his 30th birthday. They had two children, Wil-liam and June. Through his manage-ment of Bullock Iron Works, Bill devel-oped a very strong set of business prin-ciples and ethics, which he was able to pass along to his children, even though neither went into the family business. 
His friends often joked with Bill that 
Delaware is not flat and that if he left he would not fall off a cliff into a chasm. He retorted that he never left the State because he had no need or reason to do so. Bill loved Delaware and found there everything he needed to raise a family, to grow the family business, and to enjoy his hobbies and passions: fresh and salt water fishing, cultivating beautiful phalaenopsis and cattleya orchids, and enjoying the comradery of his fellow veterans at the Delaware Veterans Club, Post #1. 
Bill was preceded in death by his wife 
of 33 years Norma, his sister Amy, and brother-in-law James Broad. He is sur-vived by his daughter Blake McBride, son William H. Bullock II, and daugh-ter-in-law Marci Hanlon, three grand-children, his sister and brother-in-law, and several nieces and nephews. 
Bill was a true Delawarean and one 
of the best and brightest of the Great-est Generation. He helped to win the Second World War, raised a strong and loving family, grew and bolstered his business, and was a true friend to his neighbors, war buddies, and the wider Wilmington community. He will be missed. ∑ 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 20TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF VIRGINIA ORGA-NIZING 
∑Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I wish 
to commemorate the 20th anniversary of Virginia Organizing, a group com-mitted to challenging injustice by em-powering people in local communities across the Commonwealth to address the issues affecting the quality of their lives. 
Virginia Organizing has been on the 
forefront of the debate on local, state-wide, and national issues such as eco-nomic security for families, education, environment, health care, equality, poverty, and other social justice issues. 
Virginia Organizing and I share a 
common goal—one that I have spoken about many times—that all Virginians and all Americans should have a fair shot at success. We share the belief 
that all people should be treated fairly and with dignity in all aspects of life, regardless of race, class, gender, reli-gion, sexual orientation, age, ability or country of origin. Both as Governor and now as Senator, I am proud to have served alongside a group who embraces and celebrates diversity. 
This year, during their 20th anniver-
sary, I would like to recognize and thank the leaders, members, and staff of Virginia Organizing, who continue to work tirelessly to provide children, low-income residents, immigrants, vet-erans, retirees, people with disabilities, and other underrepresented groups with the resources that they need to have a fair shot. I appreciate their work for the people of the Common-wealth and wish them all the best as they embark on their next 20 years. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the fol-lowing enrolled bill, previously signed by the Speaker of the House, was signed on January 9, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ): 
H.R. 26. An act to extend the termination 
date of the Terrorism Insurance Program es-tablished under the Terrorism Risk Insur-ance Act of 2002, and for other purposes. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:02 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3. An act to approve the Keystone XL 
Pipeline. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 30. An act to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the 30-hour threshold for classification as a full-time employee for purposes of the employer man-date in the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act and replace it with 40 hours; to the Committee on Finance. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the first 
and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 3. An act to approve the Keystone XL 
Pipeline. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.022 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S149 January 12, 2015 
EC–217. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Clari-fication to Scope of Certain ‘600 Series’ ECCNs’’ (RIN0694–AG40) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–218. A message from the President of 
the United States, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the issuance of an Executive Order to take additional steps to address the Russian occupation of the Cri-mea region of Ukraine, with respect to the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13660 of March 6, 2014, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 19, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–219. A message from the President of 
the United States, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the issuance of an Executive Order with respect to North Korea that expands the national emergency de-clared in Executive Order 13455 of June 26, 2008, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 2, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–220. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Issuances Staff, Food Safety and Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Electronic Import Inspection Application and Certification of Imported Products and Foreign Establish-ments; Amendments To Facilitate the Pub-lic Health Information System (PHIS) and Other Changes to Import Inspection Regula-tions’’ (RIN0583–AD39) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 7, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–221. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Issuances Staff, Food Safety and Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Change in Accred-ited Laboratory Fees’’ (RIN0583–AD55) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 7, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–222. A communication from the Admin-
istrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Serv-ice, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Rural Energy for America Program’’ (RIN0570–AA76) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2014; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–223. A communication from the Con-
gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Khapra Beetle; New Regulated Countries and Regu-lated Articles’’ (Docket No. APHIS–2013–0079) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 29, 2014; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–224. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Energy’s Agency Fi-nancial Report for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–225. A communication from the Chair-
man, National Mediation Board, transmit-
ting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Annual Performance and Accountability Report for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–226. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Awarding Agency Regulatory Implementation of Office of Management and Budget’s Uniform Ad-ministrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards’’ (RIN1991–AB94) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 6, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–227. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Employee Services, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Veterans’ Pref-erence’’ (RIN3206–AM79) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 6, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–228. A communication from the Chief 
Operating Officer and Acting Executive Di-rector, U.S. Election Assistance Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2013 Activities’’; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
EC–229. A communication from the Deputy 
Director, Administration for Children and Families, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standards to Pre-vent, Detect, and Respond to Sexual Abuse and Sexual Harassment Involving Unaccom-panied Children’’ (RIN0970–AC61) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 23, 2014; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–230. A communication from the General 
Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corpora-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing and Paying Bene-fits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022 and 29 CFR Part 4044) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 5, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–231. A communication from the General 
Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corpora-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Allocation of Assets in Single-Employer Plans; Valuation of Ben-efits and Assets; Expected Retirement Age’’ (29 CFR Part 4044) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 5, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–232. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, Ventura County Air Pol-lution Control District’’ (FRL No. 9921–38– Region 9) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–233. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Washington: Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 and 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9921–29–Region 10) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–234. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-
mentation Plans; State of Iowa’’ (FRL No. 9921–19–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–235. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Alaska: Nonattainment New Source’’ (FRL No. 9921–40–Region 10) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–236. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the International Labor Organization Protocol and Rec-ommendation concerning Forced or Compul-sory Labor, 1930 (No. 29) and Supplementary Measures for the Effective Suppression of Forced Labor (No. 203), adopted by the 103rd session of the International Labor Con-ference in Geneva, Switzerland; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–237. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2014–0180 - 2014–0187); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–238. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, an annual report related to the Colorado River System Reservoirs for 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–239. A communication from the General 
Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Physical Security Reliability Standard’’ (Docket No. RM14–15– 000) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 12, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–240. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Commercial Clothes Washers’’ ((RIN1904–AC77) (Docket No. EERE–2012–BT– STD–0020)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–241. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Alternative Effi-ciency Determination Methods and Compli-ance for Commercial HVAC, Refrigeration, and Water Heating Equipment’’ ((RIN1904– AC46) (Docket No. EERE–2011–BT–TP–0024)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–242. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program for Consumer Prod-ucts: Test Procedures for Direct Heating Equipment and Pool Heaters’’ ((RIN1904– AC94) (Docket No. EERE–2013–BT–TP–0004)) received in the Office of the President of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.005 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S150 January 12, 2015 
Senate on January 6, 2015; to the Committee 
on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–243. A communication from the Federal 
Register Liaison Officer, Office of Regula-tions and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Expiration Dates for Several Body Sys-tems Listings’’ (RIN0960–AH72) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 7, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–244. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to Direct Fee Payment Rules’’ (RIN0960–AH21) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 7, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–245. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Cen-ter for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation: Report to Congress’’ ; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–246. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reallocation of Section 48B Credits Under the Qualifying Gasification Project Program’’ (Notice 2014– 81) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on December 19, 2014; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–247. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Base Period T–Bill Rate’’ (Rev. Rul. 2014–33) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 5, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–248. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Additional Re-quirements for Charitable Hospitals; Com-munity Health Needs Assessments for Chari-table Hospitals; Requirement of a Section 4959 Excise Tax Return and Time for Filing the Return’’ ((RIN1545–BK57; RIN1545–BL30; and RIN1545–BL58) (TD 9708)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 5, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–249. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safe Harbor Meth-ods of Accounting for Cable System Opera-tors’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–12) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 5, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–250. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Filing of Form 5472’’ ((RIN1545–BM08) (TD 9707)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 5, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–251. A communication from the General 
Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corpora-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Title IV Treatment of Rollovers From Defined Contribution Plans to Defined Benefit Plans’’ (RIN1212– AB23) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 5, 2015; to the Committee 
on Finance. 
EC–252. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Changes to Em-ployee Plans Determination Letter Proc-essing’’ (Announcement 2015–1) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 5, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–253. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to discre-tionary appropriations legislation; to the Committee on the Budget. 
EC–254. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone, Elizabeth River; Portsmouth, VA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2014–1032)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 7, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–255. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Protected Resources, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘List of Fisheries for 2015’’ (RIN0648–BE13) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 7, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petition or memorial 
was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–1. A resolution adopted by the Legis-
lature of the State of Louisiana urging the Congress of the United States, pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitution, to call a convention of the states for the sole and exclusive purpose of proposing an amendment to the United States Constitu-tion that would provide for a balanced budg-et; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 70 
Whereas, the failure of the federal budget 
process has produced an enormous federal budget deficit, and growing national debt presently burdens the American people and threatens to burden their descendants for generations to come; and 
Whereas, the congressional practice of def-
icit spending and repeated raising of the ceil-ing on the federal debt has had the effect of endangering the jobs, incomes, retirement security, welfare, and future of American citizens; and 
Whereas, such debt diverts scarce re-
sources from crucial programs to pay inter-est on the national debt, constricts the abil-ity of the federal government to address long-standing national problems and to re-spond to new needs, and increases pressures to raise taxes on the American people; and 
Whereas, Article V of the Constitution of 
the United States provides that an amend-ment to the constitution may be proposed by congress, or on the application of the legisla-tures of two-thirds of the states, congress is required to call a constitutional convention for the purpose of proposing an amendment, which, in either case, shall become part of the constitution when ratified by three- fourths of the several states: Now, therefore be it 
Resolved , That the Legislature of Louisiana 
does hereby make application to the Con-gress of the United States to call a conven-
tion pursuant to Article V of the Constitu-tion of the United States of America for the specific and exclusive purpose of proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, for submission to the states for ratification, to require that in the ab-sence of a national emergency the total of all federal outlays made by congress for any fiscal year may not exceed the total of all es-timated federal revenues for that fiscal year, together with any related and appropriate fiscal restraints; and be it further 
Resolved , That this application is to be con-
sidered as covering the same subject matter as the presently outstanding balanced budg-et applications from other states, including but not limited to previously adopted appli-cations from Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Indi-ana, Iowa, Kansas, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, Ohio, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, and Texas; and that this application shall be aggregated with such applications for the purpose of at-taining the two-thirds of states necessary to require the calling of a convention but shall not be aggregated with applications on any other subject; and be it further 
Resolved , That certified copies of this Con-
current Resolution be transmitted by the secretary of state to the president and the secretary of the United States Senate, to the speaker and clerk of the United States House of Representatives, to each member of this state’s delegation to the congress, and to the presiding officer of each house of each state legislature in the United States, requesting their cooperation; and be it further 
Resolved , That this application by this leg-
islature supersedes all previous applications by this legislature on this same subject mat-ter and that this application constitutes a continuing application in accordance with Article V of the Constitution of the United States until the legislatures of at least two- thirds of the several states have made appli-cation for a similar convention pursuant to Article V. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee 
on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: 
S. 147. An original bill to approve the Key-
stone XL Pipeline (Rept. No. 114–1). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. L EE, Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. 
HATCH , and Mr. T HUNE ): 
S. 145. A bill to require the Director of the 
National Park Service to refund to States all State funds that were used to reopen and temporarily operate a unit of the National Park System during the October 2013 shut-down; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. L
EE, 
Mr. M CCAIN, and Mr. H ATCH ): 
S. 146. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into agreements with States and po-litical subdivisions of States providing for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.007 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S151 January 12, 2015 
the continued operation, in whole or in part, 
of public land, units of the National Park System, units of the National Wildlife Ref-uge System, and units of the National Forest System in the State during any period in which the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture is unable to main-tain normal level of operations at the units due to a lapse in appropriations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 147. An original bill to approve the Key-
stone XL Pipeline; from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources; placed on the calendar. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARDIN , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. C ASEY , and 
Mr. B ENNET ): 
S. 148. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require State licen-sure and bid surety bonds for entities sub-mitting bids under the Medicare durable medical equipment, prosthetics, orthotics, and supplies (DMEPOS) competitive acquisi-tion program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. LEAHY: 
S.J. Res. 3. A joint resolution providing for 
the reappointment of David M. Rubenstein as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 11 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 11, a bill to protect the separa-tion of powers in the Constitution of the United States by ensuring that the President takes care that the laws be faithfully executed, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 12 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
12, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 30 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) and the Senator 
from Indiana (Mr. C OATS ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 30, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to mod-ify the definition of full-time employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act. 
S. 55 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 55, a bill to extend the seaward boundaries of certain States, and for other purposes. 
S. 117 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T OOMEY ) and the Senator 
from Texas (Mr. C ORNYN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 117, a bill to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, to relocate to Jerusalem the United States Embassy in Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 125 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator 
from Utah (Mr. H ATCH ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 125, a bill to amend title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other purposes. 
S. 128 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Senator from 
Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ), the Senator 
from New Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ), the 
Senator from Maine (Ms. C OLLINS ) and 
the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B EN-
NET) were added as cosponsors of S. 128, 
a bill to promote energy efficiency, and for other purposes. 
S. 141 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ), the Senator from Okla-
homa (Mr. L ANKFORD ) and the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 141, a bill to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board. 
S.J. RES. 2 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S.J. Res. 2, a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States requiring that the Federal budget be balanced. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 3. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2 submitted by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C AS-
SIDY, Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) and intended to be 
proposed to the bill S. 1, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, 
Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Keystone XL 
Pipeline Approval Act’’. 
SEC. 2. KEYSTONE XL APPROVAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—TransCanada Keystone 
Pipeline, L.P. may construct, connect, oper-ate, and maintain the pipeline and cross-bor-der facilities described in the application filed on May 4, 2012, by TransCanada Cor-poration to the Department of State (includ-ing any subsequent revision to the pipeline route within the State of Nebraska required or authorized by the State of Nebraska). 
(b) E
NVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT .— 
The Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement issued by the Secretary of State in January 2014, regarding the pipeline referred to in subsection (a), and the envi-ronmental analysis, consultation, and review described in that document (including appen-dices) shall be considered to fully satisfy— 
(1) all requirements of the National Envi-
ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
(2) any other provision of law that requires 
Federal agency consultation or review (in-cluding the consultation or review required under section 7(a) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(a))) with respect to the pipeline and facilities referred to in sub-section (a). 
(c) P
ERMITS .—Any Federal permit or au-
thorization issued before the date of enact-ment of this Act for the pipeline and cross- border facilities referred to in subsection (a) shall remain in effect. 
(d) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Except for review in 
the Supreme Court of the United States, the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-trict of Columbia Circuit shall have original and exclusive jurisdiction over any civil ac-tion for the review of an order or action of a Federal agency regarding the pipeline and cross-border facilities described in sub-section (a), and the related facilities in the United States, that are approved by this Act 
(including any order granting a permit or right-of-way, or any other agency action taken to construct or complete the project pursuant to Federal law). 
(e) P
RIVATE PROPERTY SAVINGS CLAUSE .— 
Nothing in this Act alters any Federal, State, or local process or condition in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that is necessary to secure access from an owner of private property to construct the pipeline and cross-border facilities described in sub-section (a). 
SA 3. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and 
Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 submitted by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) and 
intended to be proposed to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
DIVISION B—ENERGY EFFICIENCY 
IMPROVEMENT 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Energy 
Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.010 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S152 January 12, 2015 
TITLE I—BETTER BUILDINGS 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Better 
Buildings Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 102. ENERGY EFFICIENCY IN FEDERAL AND 
OTHER BUILDINGS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
trator’’ means the Administrator of General Services. 
(2) C
OST-EFFECTIVE ENERGY EFFICIENCY  
MEASURE .—The term ‘‘cost-effective energy 
efficiency measure’’ means any building product, material, equipment, or service, and the installing, implementing, or operating thereof, that provides energy savings in an amount that is not less than the cost of such installing, implementing, or operating. 
(3) C
OST-EFFECTIVE WATER EFFICIENCY  
MEASURE .—The term ‘‘cost-effective water 
efficiency measure’’ means any building product, material, equipment, or service, and the installing, implementing, or operating thereof, that provides water savings in an amount that is not less than the cost of such installing, implementing, or operating. 
(b) M
ODEL PROVISIONS , POLICIES , ANDBEST 
PRACTICES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Energy and after providing the pub-lic with an opportunity for notice and com-ment, shall develop model commercial leas-ing provisions and best practices in accord-ance with this subsection. 
(2) C
OMMERCIAL LEASING .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The model commercial 
leasing provisions developed under this sub-section shall, at a minimum, align the inter-ests of building owners and tenants with re-gard to investments in cost-effective energy 
efficiency measures and cost-effective water efficiency measures to encourage building owners and tenants to collaborate to invest in such measures. 
(B) U
SE OF MODEL PROVISIONS .—The Admin-
istrator may use the model commercial leas-ing provisions developed under this sub-section in any standard leasing document that designates a Federal agency (or other client of the Administrator) as a landlord or tenant. 
(C) P
UBLICATION .—The Administrator shall 
periodically publish the model commercial leasing provisions developed under this sub-section, along with explanatory materials, to encourage building owners and tenants in the private sector to use such provisions and materials. 
(3) R
EALTY SERVICES .—The Administrator 
shall develop policies and practices to imple-ment cost-effective energy efficiency meas-ures and cost-effective water efficiency measures for the realty services provided by the Administrator to Federal agencies (or other clients of the Administrator), includ-ing periodic training of appropriate Federal employees and contractors on how to iden-tify and evaluate those measures. 
(4) S
TATE AND LOCAL ASSISTANCE .—The Ad-
ministrator, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Energy, shall make available model commercial leasing provisions and best prac-tices developed under this subsection to State, county, and municipal governments for use in managing owned and leased build-ing space in accordance with the goal of en-couraging investment in all cost-effective energy efficiency measures and cost-effective water efficiency measures. 
SEC. 103. SEPARATE SPACES WITH HIGH-PER-
FORMANCE ENERGY EFFICIENCY MEASURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of 
the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17081 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 424. SEPARATE SPACES WITH HIGH-PER-
FORMANCE ENERGY EFFICIENCY MEASURES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) H IGH-PERFORMANCE ENERGY EFFICIENCY  
MEASURE .—The term ‘high-performance en-
ergy efficiency measure’ means a tech-nology, product, or practice that will result in substantial operational cost savings by re-ducing energy consumption and utility costs. 
‘‘(2) S
EPARATE SPACES .—The term ‘separate 
spaces’ means areas within a commercial building that are leased or otherwise occu-pied by a tenant or other occupant for a pe-riod of time pursuant to the terms of a writ-ten agreement. 
‘‘(b) S
TUDY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy, shall complete a study on the feasibility of— 
‘‘(A) significantly improving energy effi-
ciency in commercial buildings through the design and construction, by owners and ten-ants, of separate spaces with high-perform-
ance energy efficiency measures; and 
‘‘(B) encouraging owners and tenants to 
implement high-performance energy effi-ciency measures in separate spaces. 
‘‘(2) S
COPE.—The study shall, at a min-
imum, include— 
‘‘(A) descriptions of— ‘‘(i) high-performance energy efficiency 
measures that should be considered as part of the initial design and construction of sep-arate spaces; 
‘‘(ii) processes that owners, tenants, archi-
tects, and engineers may replicate when de-signing and constructing separate spaces with high-performance energy efficiency measures; 
‘‘(iii) policies and best practices to achieve 
reductions in energy intensities for lighting, plug loads, heating, cooling, cooking, laun-dry, and other systems to satisfy the needs of the commercial building tenant; 
‘‘(iv) return on investment and payback 
analyses of the incremental cost and pro-jected energy savings of the proposed set of high-performance energy efficiency meas-ures, including consideration of available in-centives; 
‘‘(v) models and simulation methods that 
predict the quantity of energy used by sepa-rate spaces with high-performance energy ef-ficiency measures and that compare that predicted quantity to the quantity of energy used by separate spaces without high-per-formance energy efficiency measures but that otherwise comply with applicable build-ing code requirements; 
‘‘(vi) measurement and verification plat-
forms demonstrating actual energy use of high-performance energy efficiency measures installed in separate spaces, and whether such measures generate the savings intended in the initial design and construction of the separate spaces; 
‘‘(vii) best practices that encourage an in-
tegrated approach to designing and con-structing separate spaces to perform at opti-mum energy efficiency in conjunction with the central systems of a commercial build-ing; and 
‘‘(viii) any impact on employment result-
ing from the design and construction of sepa-rate spaces with high-performance energy ef-ficiency measures; and 
‘‘(B) case studies reporting economic and 
energy savings returns in the design and con-struction of separate spaces with high-per-formance energy efficiency measures. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .—Not later than 
90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall publish a notice in the Federal Register requesting public comments regarding effective meth-
ods, measures, and practices for the design and construction of separate spaces with high-performance energy efficiency meas-ures. 
‘‘(4) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall 
publish the study on the website of the De-partment of Energy.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 423 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 424. Separate spaces with high-per-
formance energy efficiency measures.’’. 
SEC. 104. TENANT STAR PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of 
the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17081 et seq.) (as amended by section 103) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 425. TENANT STAR PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) H IGH-PERFORMANCE ENERGY EFFICIENCY  
MEASURE .—The term ‘high-performance en-
ergy efficiency measure’ has the meaning given the term in section 424. 
‘‘(2) S
EPARATE SPACES .—The term ‘separate 
spaces’ has the meaning given the term in section 424. 
‘‘(b) T
ENANT STAR.—The Administrator of 
the Environmental Protection Agency, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall develop a voluntary program within the Energy Star program established by sec-tion 324A of the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 6294a), which may be known as ‘Tenant Star’, to promote energy efficiency in separate spaces leased by ten-ants or otherwise occupied within commer-cial buildings. 
‘‘(c) E
XPANDING SURVEY DATA.—The Sec-
retary of Energy, acting through the Admin-istrator of the Energy Information Adminis-tration, shall— 
‘‘(1) collect, through each Commercial 
Buildings Energy Consumption Survey of the Energy Information Administration that is conducted after the date of enactment of this section, data on— 
‘‘(A) categories of building occupancy that 
are known to consume significant quantities of energy, such as occupancy by data cen-ters, trading floors, and restaurants; and 
‘‘(B) other aspects of the property, building 
operation, or building occupancy determined by the Administrator of the Energy Informa-tion Administration, in consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to be relevant in low-ering energy consumption; 
‘‘(2) with respect to the first Commercial 
Buildings Energy Consumption Survey con-ducted after the date of enactment of this section, to the extent full compliance with the requirements of paragraph (1) is not fea-sible, conduct activities to develop the capa-bility to collect such data and begin to col-lect such data; and 
‘‘(3) make data collected under paragraphs 
(1) and (2) available to the public in aggre-gated form and provide such data, and any associated results, to the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency for use in accordance with subsection (d). 
‘‘(d) R
ECOGNITION OF OWNERS AND TEN-
ANTS .— 
‘‘(1) O CCUPANCY -BASED RECOGNITION .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date on which suf-ficient data is received pursuant to sub-section (c), the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency shall, fol-lowing an opportunity for public notice and comment— 
‘‘(A) in a manner similar to the Energy 
Star rating system for commercial buildings, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.015 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S153 January 12, 2015 
develop policies and procedures to recognize 
tenants in commercial buildings that volun-tarily achieve high levels of energy effi-ciency in separate spaces; 
‘‘(B) establish building occupancy cat-
egories eligible for Tenant Star recognition based on the data collected under subsection (c) and any other appropriate data sources; and 
‘‘(C) consider other forms of recognition 
for commercial building tenants or other oc-cupants that lower energy consumption in separate spaces. 
‘‘(2) D
ESIGN - AND CONSTRUCTION -BASED REC -
OGNITION .—After the study required by sec-
tion 424(b) is completed, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in consultation with the Secretary and fol-lowing an opportunity for public notice and comment, may develop a voluntary program to recognize commercial building owners and tenants that use high-performance energy ef-ficiency measures in the design and con-struction of separate spaces.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 is amend-
ed by inserting after the item relating to section 424 (as added by section 103(b)) the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 425. Tenant Star program.’’. 
TITLE II—GRID-ENABLED WATER 
HEATERS 
SEC. 201. GRID-ENABLED WATER HEATERS. 
Part B of title III of the Energy Policy and 
Conservation Act is amended— 
(1) in section 325(e) (42 U.S.C. 6295(e)), by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) A DDITIONAL STANDARDS FOR GRID -EN-
ABLED WATER HEATERS .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: 
‘‘(i) A CTIVATION LOCK .—The term ‘activa-
tion lock’ means a control mechanism (ei-ther a physical device directly on the water heater or a control system integrated into the water heater) that is locked by default and contains a physical, software, or digital communication that must be activated with an activation key to enable the product to operate at its designed specifications and ca-pabilities and without which activation the product will provide not greater than 50 per-cent of the rated first hour delivery of hot water certified by the manufacturer. 
‘‘(ii) G
RID-ENABLED WATER HEATER .—The 
term ‘grid-enabled water heater’ means an electric resistance water heater that— 
‘‘(I) has a rated storage tank volume of 
more than 75 gallons; 
‘‘(II) is manufactured on or after April 16, 
2015; 
‘‘(III) has— ‘‘(aa) an energy factor of not less than 1.061 
minus the product obtained by multiplying— 
‘‘(AA) the rated storage volume of the 
tank, expressed in gallons; and 
‘‘(BB) 0.00168; or ‘‘(bb) an equivalent alternative standard 
prescribed by the Secretary and developed pursuant to paragraph (5)(E); 
‘‘(IV) is equipped at the point of manufac-
ture with an activation lock; and 
‘‘(V) bears a permanent label applied by 
the manufacturer that— 
‘‘(aa) is made of material not adversely af-
fected by water; 
‘‘(bb) is attached by means of non-water- 
soluble adhesive; and 
‘‘(cc) advises purchasers and end-users of 
the intended and appropriate use of the prod-uct with the following notice printed in 16.5 point Arial Narrow Bold font: 
‘‘‘IMPORTANT INFORMATION: This water 
heater is intended only for use as part of an electric thermal storage or demand response program. It will not provide adequate hot water unless enrolled in such a program and activated by your utility company or an-
other program operator. Confirm the avail-ability of a program in your local area before 
purchasing or installing this product.’. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—The manufacturer or 
private labeler shall provide the activation key for a grid-enabled water heater only to a utility or other company that operates an electric thermal storage or demand response program that uses such a grid-enabled water heater. 
‘‘(C) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(i) M ANUFACTURERS .—The Secretary shall 
require each manufacturer of grid-enabled water heaters to report to the Secretary an-nually the quantity of grid-enabled water heaters that the manufacturer ships each year. 
‘‘(ii) O
PERATORS .—The Secretary shall re-
quire utilities and other demand response and thermal storage program operators to report annually the quantity of grid-enabled water heaters activated for their programs using forms of the Energy Information Agen-cy or using such other mechanism that the Secretary determines appropriate after an opportunity for notice and comment. 
‘‘(iii) C
ONFIDENTIALITY REQUIREMENTS .— 
The Secretary shall treat shipment data re-ported by manufacturers as confidential business information. 
‘‘(D) P
UBLICATION OF INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In 2017 and 2019, the Sec-
retary shall publish an analysis of the data collected under subparagraph (C) to assess the extent to which shipped products are put into use in demand response and thermal storage programs. 
‘‘(ii) P
REVENTION OF PRODUCT DIVERSION .—If 
the Secretary determines that sales of grid- enabled water heaters exceed by 15 percent or greater the quantity of such products ac-tivated for use in demand response and ther-mal storage programs annually, the Sec-retary shall, after opportunity for notice and comment, establish procedures to prevent product diversion for non-program purposes. 
‘‘(E) C
OMPLIANCE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Subparagraphs (A) 
through (D) shall remain in effect until the Secretary determines under this section that— 
‘‘(I) grid-enabled water heaters do not re-
quire a separate efficiency requirement; or 
‘‘(II) sales of grid-enabled water heaters ex-
ceed by 15 percent or greater the quantity of such products activated for use in demand response and thermal storage programs an-nually and procedures to prevent product di-version for non-program purposes would not be adequate to prevent such product diver-sion. 
‘‘(ii) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—If the Secretary ex-
ercises the authority described in clause (i) or amends the efficiency requirement for grid-enabled water heaters, that action will take effect on the date described in sub-section (m)(4)(A)(ii). 
‘‘(iii) C
ONSIDERATION .—In carrying out this 
section with respect to electric water heat-ers, the Secretary shall consider the impact on thermal storage and demand response programs, including any impact on energy savings, electric bills, peak load reduction, electric reliability, integration of renewable resources, and the environment. 
‘‘(iv) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out this 
paragraph, the Secretary shall require that grid-enabled water heaters be equipped with communication capability to enable the grid-enabled water heaters to participate in ancillary services programs if the Secretary determines that the technology is available, practical, and cost-effective.’’; 
(2) in section 332(a) (42 U.S.C. 6302(a))— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; (B) in the first paragraph (6), by striking 
the period at the end and inserting a semi-colon; 
(C) by redesignating the second paragraph 
(6) as paragraph (7); 
(D) in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (7) (as 
so redesignated), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) for any person— ‘‘(A) to activate an activation lock for a 
grid-enabled water heater with knowledge that such water heater is not used as part of an electric thermal storage or demand re-sponse program; 
‘‘(B) to distribute an activation key for a 
grid-enabled water heater with knowledge that such activation key will be used to acti-vate a grid-enabled water heater that is not used as part of an electric thermal storage or demand response program; 
‘‘(C) to otherwise enable a grid-enabled 
water heater to operate at its designed speci-fication and capabilities with knowledge that such water heater is not used as part of an electric thermal storage or demand re-sponse program; or 
‘‘(D) to knowingly remove or render illegi-
ble the label of a grid-enabled water heater described in section 325(e)(6)(A)(ii)(V).’’; 
(3) in section 333(a) (42 U.S.C. 6303(a))— (A) by striking ‘‘section 332(a)(5)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘paragraph (5), (6), (7), or (8) of sec-tion 332(a)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1), (2), or (5) of 
section 332(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1), (2), (5), (6), (7), or (8) of section 332(a)’’; and 
(4) in section 334 (42 U.S.C. 6304)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 332(a)(5)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘paragraph (5), (6), (7), or (8) of sec-tion 332(a)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘section 332(a)(6)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 332(a)(7)’’. 
TITLE III—ENERGY EFFICIENT 
GOVERNMENT TECHNOLOGY 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Energy Ef-
ficient Government Technology Act’’. 
SEC. 302. ENERGY-EFFICIENT AND ENERGY-SAV-
ING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES. 
Subtitle C of title V of the Energy Inde-
pendence and Security Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–140; 121 Stat. 1661) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 530. ENERGY-EFFICIENT AND ENERGY-SAV-
ING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) D IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means 
the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term 
‘information technology’ has the meaning given that term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. 
‘‘(b) D
EVELOPMENT OF IMPLEMENTATION  
STRATEGY .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this section, each Fed-eral agency shall coordinate with the Direc-tor, the Secretary, and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to de-velop an implementation strategy (that in-cludes best practices and measurement and verification techniques) for the mainte-nance, purchase, and use by the Federal agency of energy-efficient and energy-saving information technologies, taking into con-sideration the performance goals established under subsection (d). 
‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—In developing an 
implementation strategy under subsection (b), each Federal agency shall consider— 
‘‘(1) advanced metering infrastructure; ‘‘(2) energy-efficient data center strategies 
and methods of increasing asset and infra-structure utilization; 
‘‘(3) advanced power management tools; ‘‘(4) building information modeling, includ-
ing building energy management; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.015 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S154 January 12, 2015 
‘‘(5) secure telework and travel substi-
tution tools; and 
‘‘(6) mechanisms to ensure that the agency 
realizes the energy cost savings brought about through increased efficiency and utili-zation. 
‘‘(d) P
ERFORMANCE GOALS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Director, in consultation with the Sec-retary, shall establish performance goals for evaluating the efforts of Federal agencies in improving the maintenance, purchase, and use of energy-efficient and energy-saving in-formation technology. 
‘‘(2) B
EST PRACTICES .—The Chief Informa-
tion Officers Council established under sec-tion 3603 of title 44, United States Code, shall recommend best practices for the attain-ment of the performance goals, which shall include Federal agency consideration of the use of— 
‘‘(A) energy savings performance con-
tracting; and 
‘‘(B) utility energy services contracting. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) A GENCY REPORTS .—Each Federal agen-
cy shall include in the report of the agency under section 527 a description of the efforts and results of the agency under this section. 
‘‘(2) OMB 
GOVERNMENT EFFICIENCY REPORTS  
AND SCORECARDS .—Effective beginning not 
later than October 1, 2015, the Director shall include in the annual report and scorecard of the Director required under section 528 a de-scription of the efforts and results of Federal agencies under this section.’’. 
SEC. 303. ENERGY EFFICIENT DATA CENTERS. 
Section 453 of the Energy Independence 
and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17112) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)(D)(iv), by striking 
‘‘the organization’’ and inserting ‘‘an organi-zation’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (3); and (2) by striking subsections (c) through (g) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(c) S
TAKEHOLDER INVOLVEMENT .—The Sec-
retary and the Administrator shall carry out subsection (b) in collaboration with informa-tion technology industry and other key stakeholders, with the goal of producing re-sults that accurately reflect the best knowl-edge in the most pertinent domains. In such collaboration, the Secretary and the Admin-istrator shall pay particular attention to or-ganizations that— 
‘‘(1) have members with expertise in energy 
efficiency and in the development, operation, and functionality of data centers, informa-tion technology equipment, and software, such as representatives of hardware manu-facturers, data center operators, and facility managers; 
‘‘(2) obtain and address input from Depart-
ment of Energy National Laboratories or any college, university, research institution, industry association, company, or public in-terest group with applicable expertise; 
‘‘(3) follow— ‘‘(A) commonly accepted procedures for 
the development of specifications; and 
‘‘(B) accredited standards development 
processes; and 
‘‘(4) have a mission to promote energy effi-
ciency for data centers and information technology. 
‘‘(d) M
EASUREMENTS AND SPECIFICATIONS .— 
The Secretary and the Administrator shall consider and assess the adequacy of the spec-ifications, measurements, and benchmarks described in subsection (b) for use by the Federal Energy Management Program, the Energy Star Program, and other efficiency programs of the Department of Energy or the Environmental Protection Agency. ‘‘(e) S
TUDY .—The Secretary, in collabora-
tion with the Administrator, shall, not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the Energy Efficient Government Tech-nology Act, make available to the public an update to the Report to Congress on Server and Data Center Energy Efficiency published on August 2, 2007, under section 1 of Public Law 109–431 (120 Stat. 2920), that provides— 
‘‘(1) a comparison and gap analysis of the 
estimates and projections contained in the original report with new data regarding the period from 2007 through 2014; 
‘‘(2) an analysis considering the impact of 
information technologies, to include virtualization and cloud computing, in the public and private sectors; 
‘‘(3) an evaluation of the impact of the 
combination of cloud platforms, mobile de-vices, social media, and big data on data cen-ter energy usage; and 
‘‘(4) updated projections and recommenda-
tions for best practices through fiscal year 2020. 
‘‘(f) D
ATA CENTER ENERGY PRACTITIONER  
PROGRAM .—The Secretary, in collaboration 
with key stakeholders and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall maintain a data center energy practitioner program that leads to the certification of en-ergy practitioners qualified to evaluate the energy usage and efficiency opportunities in Federal data centers. Each Federal agency shall consider having the data centers of the agency evaluated every 4 years by energy practitioners certified pursuant to such pro-gram, whenever practicable using certified practitioners employed by the agency. 
‘‘(g) O
PEN DATA INITIATIVE .—The Sec-
retary, in collaboration with key stake-holders and the Office of Management and Budget, shall establish an open data initia-tive for Federal data center energy usage data, with the purpose of making such data available and accessible in a manner that en-courages further data center innovation, op-timization, and consolidation. In estab-lishing the initiative, the Secretary shall consider the use of the online Data Center Maturity Model. 
‘‘(h) I
NTERNATIONAL SPECIFICATIONS AND  
METRICS .—The Secretary, in collaboration 
with key stakeholders, shall actively partici-pate in efforts to harmonize global specifica-tions and metrics for data center energy effi-ciency. 
‘‘(i) D
ATA CENTER UTILIZATION METRIC .— 
The Secretary, in collaboration with key stakeholders, shall facilitate in the develop-ment of an efficiency metric that measures the energy efficiency of a data center (in-cluding equipment and facilities). 
‘‘(j) P
ROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY INFORMA -
TION.—The Secretary and the Administrator 
shall not disclose any proprietary informa-tion or trade secrets provided by any indi-vidual or company for the purposes of car-rying out this section or the programs and initiatives established under this section.’’. 
TITLE IV—ENERGY INFORMATION FOR 
COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS 
SEC. 401. ENERGY INFORMATION FOR COMMER-
CIAL BUILDINGS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT OF BENCHMARKING AND  
DISCLOSURE FOR LEASING BUILDINGS WITHOUT  
ENERGY STAR LABELS .—Section 435(b)(2) of 
the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17091(b)(2)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘signing the contract,’’ and 
all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘signing the contract, the following require-ments are met: 
‘‘(A) The space is renovated for all energy 
efficiency and conservation improvements that would be cost effective over the life of 
the lease, including improvements in light-ing, windows, and heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems. 
‘‘(B)(i) Subject to clause (ii), the space is 
benchmarked under a nationally recognized, online, free benchmarking program, with public disclosure, unless the space is a space for which owners cannot access whole build-ing utility consumption data, including spaces— 
‘‘(I) that are located in States with privacy 
laws that provide that utilities shall not pro-vide such aggregated information to multi-tenant building owners; and 
‘‘(II) for which tenants do not provide en-
ergy consumption information to the com-mercial building owner in response to a re-quest from the building owner. 
‘‘(ii) A Federal agency that is a tenant of 
the space shall provide to the building owner, or authorize the owner to obtain from the utility, the energy consumption informa-tion of the space for the benchmarking and disclosure required by this subparagraph.’’. 
(b) S
TUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in collaboration with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, shall complete a study— 
(A) on the impact of— (i) State and local performance 
benchmarking and disclosure policies, and any associated building efficiency policies, for commercial and multifamily buildings; and 
(ii) programs and systems in which utili-
ties provide aggregated information regard-ing whole building energy consumption and usage information to owners of multitenant commercial, residential, and mixed-use buildings; 
(B) that identifies best practice policy ap-
proaches studied under subparagraph (A) that have resulted in the greatest improve-ments in building energy efficiency; and 
(C) that considers— (i) compliance rates and the benefits and 
costs of the policies and programs on build-ing owners, utilities, tenants, and other par-ties; 
(ii) utility practices, programs, and sys-
tems that provide aggregated energy con-sumption information to multitenant build-ing owners, and the impact of public utility commissions and State privacy laws on those practices, programs, and systems; 
(iii) exceptions to compliance in existing 
laws where building owners are not able to gather or access whole building energy infor-mation from tenants or utilities; 
(iv) the treatment of buildings with— (I) multiple uses; (II) uses for which baseline information is 
not available; and 
(III) uses that require high levels of energy 
intensities, such as data centers, trading floors, and televisions studios; 
(v) implementation practices, including 
disclosure methods and phase-in of compli-ance; 
(vi) the safety and security of 
benchmarking tools offered by government agencies, and the resiliency of those tools against cyber attacks; and 
(vii) international experiences with regard 
to building benchmarking and disclosure laws and data aggregation for multitenant buildings. 
(2) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—At the con-
clusion of the study, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives and Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.015 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S155 January 12, 2015 
(c) C REATION AND MAINTENANCE OF DATA-
BASE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act and following opportunity for public notice and comment, the Secretary of Energy, in co-ordination with other relevant agencies, shall maintain, and if necessary create, a database for the purpose of storing and mak-ing available public energy-related informa-tion on commercial and multifamily build-ings, including— 
(A) data provided under Federal, State, 
local, and other laws or programs regarding building benchmarking and energy informa-tion disclosure; 
(B) information on buildings that have dis-
closed energy ratings and certifications; and 
(C) energy-related information on build-
ings provided voluntarily by the owners of the buildings, only in an anonymous form unless the owner provides otherwise. 
(2) C
OMPLEMENTARY PROGRAMS .—The data-
base maintained pursuant to paragraph (1) shall complement and not duplicate the functions of the Environmental Protection Agency’s Energy Star Portfolio Manager tool. 
(d) I
NPUT FROM STAKEHOLDERS .—The Sec-
retary of Energy shall seek input from stakeholders to maximize the effectiveness of the actions taken under this section. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives and Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on the progress made in complying with this sec-tion. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that floor privi-leges be granted to Jimmy O’Dea, a fel-low in my office, for the remainder of the 114th Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE PRESIDING 
OFFICER 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I con-
gratulate the Presiding Officer on his election and welcome him to the Sen-ate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thank 
you. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I re-
member when I first came to the Sen-ate and I sat in that chair, it was a mo-ment to really learn a lot about the heartbeat of the Senate—the ebb and flow. So congratulations to you. 
I was a little shocked to hear the ma-
jority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , say 
that the economic uptick coincided with the election of the Republicans in this last election. There is no question that the Republicans won many seats here, and it is clear that the Democrats lost, but to say that is why we are hav-ing this economic uptick, I believe, would win my friend, the majority leader, the award for most creative spinner. I see he is here because I think he wants to stop me from speaking at this point. Without losing the floor, I yield to 
my friend. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I thank my friend 
from California. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JANUARY 
13, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Janu-ary 13, 2015; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that fol-lowing any leader remarks, the Senate resume the motion to proceed to S. 1 until 12:30 p.m., with the time equally divided between the two leaders or their designees; further, that the Sen-ate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings to occur; finally, that not-withstanding the provisions of rule XXII, all time during morning busi-ness, the recess, and the adjournment of the Senate count postcloture on the motion to proceed to S. 1. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Unfortunately, 
there is an objection from our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle to yielding back time on the motion to proceed to the bill. So I say to my col-leagues that if all time is used, we will be on the bill shortly after midnight tomorrow night, and then we would have to begin to offer amendments under the regular order. 
Chairman M
URKOWSKI is ready to 
start that process on the floor tomor-row whenever that may occur—wheth-er it is during the day by agreement or whether it is in the middle of the night without agreement. 
I encourage Senators on both sides of 
the aisle to file their amendments and get them in the queue. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order following the remarks of Senator B
OXER for up to 30 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from California. 
f 
THE ECONOMY AND KEYSTONE 
PIPELINE 
Mrs. BOXER. I thank the majority 
leader for allowing me this time to pro-ceed. It is one thing to rewrite history 
a few years after it passes. It is another thing to rewrite it while you are still living through it. To say that this eco-nomic recovery is a Republican recov-ery is kind of funny and strange. 
In fact, the year 2014 was the best 
year for job creation since 1999, and it could have been a lot better in 2014 and in prior years if our Republican friends had not filibustered every single job proposal that President Obama put for-ward. It is sad because we could have gotten here much quicker. 
The economy added almost 3 million 
jobs in 2014, averaging almost 250,000 jobs a month. The unemployment rate has fallen to 5.6 percent, and most of that decline—and here is the good news—came from long-term unem-ployed workers getting back to work. The GDP growth has accelerated, reaching an annualized rate of 5 per-cent in the third quarter of 2014. This is the best GDP growth we have seen in over 10 years. 
Our economic recovery has been long, 
it has been tough, but it is happening and I thank the President for his lead-ership. We have added 11.2 million pri-vate sector jobs since February of 2010. That is the longest streak of recorded private sector job gains in American history. 
The stock market has bounced back 
from the crash and added more than 10,000 points, reaching an all-time high of over 18,000 points. Our annual deficit has been reduced by almost two-thirds. 
I think it is important to put into 
context the job growth under Presi-dents Democratic and Republican. I think we need to look at private sector job growth. This is an extraordinary chart. Under George Herbert Walker Bush, there were 1.5 million jobs cre-ated in his term of office. In Bill Clin-ton’s term of office, there were 21.2 million jobs created. I have seen that number up to 23 million, but that is probably including the public sector. But during Bill Clinton’s term, there were 21.2 million private sector jobs. Under George W. Bush, there was a loss of 460,000 jobs. Under President Obama, there is a gain so far of 7 million, and he has 2 years to go, and we are just moving forward. 
To me this says that we Democrats 
know what we are doing, and if you want to look at deficits, that is an-other day’s speech. It was Bill Clinton who balanced the budget. It was George W. Bush who unbalanced it, put two wars on a credit card, gave a tax cut to the rich, and we had terrible deficits. Barack Obama has now reduced this deficit by two-thirds. 
So I say all this leading up to my dis-
cussion of the Keystone Pipeline. How does that even connect? I will tell you. When a new majority takes over in Congress you know the first bill they take up symbolizes their priorities. Out of all the things that they pick, all the things that they pick, they pick a bill that in terms of permanent job cre-ation will be thirty-five jobs. And that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA6.015 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S156 January 12, 2015 
is proven by the State Department—35 
long-term jobs. 
One has to wonder, Why are they 
doing this? I believe I know the answer. This is really a big hug and a big kiss to big oil and Canadian interests. That is what it is about. Otherwise, why wouldn’t we turn to the highway bill? I think the Presiding Officer and I know we have worked across partisan lines on that issue, and it means good jobs for America—good jobs, long-lasting jobs, rebuilding our bridges and our roads and making sure we have transit systems that work. We have a terrible record in terms of the condition of our bridges today. Thousands and thou-sands—tens of thousands of bridges are not in good shape, and we have seen bridges fail, and we know the outcome. Why are we pursuing a project for Ca-nadian oil business interests that they will make billions off of instead of pur-suing projects for America—America— such as building our infrastructure? 
This bill isn’t about helping Amer-
ican workers or families. Let’s be very clear. It does nothing. Again, when I say 35 permanent jobs, I am not mak-ing that up. That is in the final supple-mental environmental impact state-ment which I believe the Republicans want to make final, so they are accept-ing it. The Republicans are accepting the fact that there are 35 permanent jobs, because they, in their language, say, We approve of the final supple-mental environmental impact state-ment, which is where it says there will be 35 permanent jobs. 
Now, yes, there are temporary jobs 
for 2 years—a couple thousand—but the fact is we can have millions of jobs when we rebuild our infrastructure. We have 400 new jobs coming to the Impe-rial Valley in my home State because we have lithium there and they are going to start producing it. So 400 jobs, just one little project. This is 35 jobs for Americans. They have to be kid-ding. This is what they have for us, after all that blood, sweat, and tears during the election? I think that wast-ing another minute on the tar sands project doesn’t make any sense. 
What we need is a multiyear surface 
transportation bill. We still have un-employed people in the construction industry. We have 600,000 construction workers who remain out of work. What are we giving them? We are giving them 2,000 temporary jobs and 35 per-manent jobs? Let’s do a highway bill. By the way, the trust fund is running dry and in 4 months will be completely dry. Let’s step up to the plate and do our job, not do the job for the Canadian oil interests. 
I don’t get it. I don’t think it makes 
sense, because I know we have worked together on transportation projects. We are worried. Billions of dollars going to our States—whether it is Oklahoma, California, Nevada, east coast, west coast—the funding is going to be delayed or stopped. And all these short-term extensions the House did are absolutely irresponsible. It doesn’t provide stability to our local govern-
ments, to our businesses. 
So we know what we have to do. We 
have to invest in our aging infrastruc-ture. No country can be great if we don’t have an infrastructure that moves people and moves goods. Again, 50 percent of our Nation’s roads are in less than good condition and 63,000 bridges are structurally deficient. Let’s do something for America. That is what we are here for; not to do some-thing good for Canadian oil companies. Let’s focus on what is good for the peo-ple. 
Now let’s turn to this infrastructure 
project, the Keystone Pipeline. I want to say unequivocally—and I don’t have any doubts because I resource every-thing I say—that from extraction to transportation to refining to [waste/ waist] storage, misery follows the tar sands. That is the oil that gets put in the pipeline—the dirtiest oil. I think XL stands for extra lethal. 
So a pipeline is a pipeline. Fine. It is 
what we put in it. This is the filthiest, most polluted kind of oil. Tar sands oil contains levels of toxic pollutants and metals that are much higher than con-ventional crude oil—11 times more sul-fur and nickel, 6 times more nitrogen, 5 times more lead than conventional crude oil. Who is saying that? Is it B
ARBARA BOXER ? No. Let me source it: 
The USGS, the U.S. Geological Survey, the heavy oil and natural bitumen re-sources in geological basins of the world—documented. Tar sands equal the dirtiest oil. 
Why do some of my Republican 
friends and some of my Democratic friends—I admit that; I know there are a few—want to rush to bring this filthy oil into our country? The only benefit is to the Canadian oil interests. The fact is we need less pollution, not more pollution. 
Now high levels of dangerous air pol-
lutants and carcinogens have been doc-umented downwind from the tar sands refineries. People in nearby commu-nities are suffering higher rates and types of cancers, such as leukemia and non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma. Again, is this me saying it? Some rightwing blog took me to task the last time I said it. They said, Oh, she was on the floor making stuff up. OK. Let’s be clear. I am not making stuff up. I am telling the truth, and I am going to document it in every case: Significantly higher levels of volatile compounds and car-cinogens were found downwind of tar sands processing facilities. There were elevated rates of cancers linked to these toxic chemicals, including leu-kemia and non-Hodgkins lymphoma. 
Where does this come from? Simpson, 
I.J., et al., air quality in the Industrial Heartland of Alberta, Canada and po-tential impacts on human health. Characterization of trace gases meas-ured over Alberta oil sands mining op-erations: 76 speciated C2–C10 volatile organic compounds, and they list what they are. This is from two peer-re-viewed papers. Is this what the Republicans do first? 
I thought we wanted to make people healthy. It is one thing to want to re-
peal the Affordable Care Act, which now, in my State, has reduced the un-insured by close to 50 percent—that is bad enough. Now they want to bring in this oil and help the Canadian oil peo-ple and it is going to bring all of these carcinogens and all of this pollution to our country. 
We already know about the people 
from Port Arthur, TX, where they have these refineries. Look at this picture. A picture is worth a thousand words. I know that is a cliche, but it is a fact. I could try to explain to my colleagues what happens near the playground when this stuff is refined. One might say, Oh, that is nice, Barbara, but are you really making this up? No. Here it is. Look at it. They suffer asthma, res-piratory ailments, skin irritations, and cancer. This is what happens, right near a playground. Now, there are some politicians down there saying, Bring it on. We want it. We like it. But talk to the real people there who live there with children. They have had enough of tar sands. They have had it up to here with them. They want none of it. Let’s not forget about the waste. Once they burn all of this stuff, they have waste left over. It is called petcoke, petroleum coke. Look at this. This is what it looks like, as shown in this picture. It is stored in the Mid-west. A lot of it is stored in the Mid-west. What happens? In this photo-graph we can see it is not wet, so it can blow in the wind. Billowing black clouds have contaminated our children. 
They contain heavy metals. Children playing baseball have been forced off the field to seek cover from the clouds of black dust that pelted homes and cars. 
This happened. This is why my friend 
Senator D
URBIN is so concerned, be-
cause it happened to his Little League players in the Chicago area. When in-haled, these particles can increase the number and severity of asthma at-tacks. They can aggravate bronchitis— I am coughing just at the thought of it—lung disease. They reduce the body’s ability to fight infections. Where does that come from? I will say it again. When inhaled, these particles can increase the number and severity of asthma attacks, cause or aggravate bronchitis and other lung diseases, and reduce the body’s ability to fight infec-tions. What is the source of that? Cali-fornia Air Resources Board, Air Pollu-tion Particulate Matter brochure dated May 6, 2009. 
So I don’t know how exposing Ameri-
cans to this kind of pollution is in the national interests. I believe instead of waiving all of the environmental re-ports as my Republican friends do in their bill, they ought to call for more studies on the health impact of the tar sands oil so our families know what they are going to get with this pipe-line. 
Also there are spills to worry about. 
Not only is the Keystone tar sands 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.030 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S157 January 12, 2015 
pipeline harmful to human health, it 
hurts environments and communities located near it, because if there is a spill, it is the toughest kind of oil to clean up. Here is the source for that: The EPA NEPA compliance comment letter, State Department. That is what they talk about. 
We have had spills at the tar sands— 
spills in Michigan, spills in Arkansas. 
If my colleagues don’t believe me, ask those folks. Do my colleagues know in 2010 a pipeline ruptured and spilled over a million gallons of tar sands oil into the Kalamazoo River in Michigan? The local health department ordered the evacuation of 50 households and ap-proximately 100 families were advised not to drink the water. The Michigan spill was the largest inland spill in U.S. history and more than 40 years and $1 billion later, it is not cleaned up. 
So wait a minute. Let’s review. Re-
publicans take over and the first bill they give us is the tar sands bill. The only people it helps, in my opinion, backed up by fact, are Canadian oil in-terests. The only jobs it creates perma-nently are 35 jobs. What it does to our health is a disaster, because the tar sands oil is the most toxic, dirty type of oil, and if there is a spill, it is the hardest to clean up. Who do we think is paying the $1 billion to clean up a tar sand spill in Michigan? I can tell my colleagues. It is probably most of the government. Maybe we are trying to collect some from the private sector. 
If my colleagues don’t believe me 
about Michigan, let’s turn to Mayflower, AR. This is a beautiful neighborhood of homes, as shown in this picture. This is filthy, dirty, dis-gusting oil and the camera is taking pictures of it. In 2013, 200,000 gallons of tar sands burst from a pipeline, be-cause it is volatile. It burst from the pipeline and spilled into the streets of a subdivision. It forced the evacuation and abandonment of 22 homes—resi-dents who were exposed to high levels of benzene, a known carcinogen, and hydrogen sulfide. People in this com-munity—not some made-up, mystical community or mythical community— in this community they suffered dizzi-ness, nausea, headaches, respiratory problems, all classic symptoms of expo-sure to the chemicals found in the tar sands. So remember this picture and remember the picture of the filthy, dirty oil and the petcoke, because a picture tells a thousand words, and that is the picture my friends want to make a reality in America. Their first great bill, their first great contribution to the economy, 35 jobs. Please. We can do better. We can work together on a highway bill, on a transportation bill. We do so well on that. And we can add millions of jobs, especially in the con-struction industry. 
Now there is the issue of climate 
change. We know we are dealing with a lot of deniers on the other side of the aisle. They deny climate change is real. It doesn’t matter what we tell them. July was the hottest month, Au-gust was the hottest month, and Sep-
tember was the hottest month in 2014. 
We know what is happening. The 
world knows what is happening. We have deniers here, so they deny any problem and they go rush to build the Keystone Pipeline. What will happen is the Keystone Pipeline will undermine our efforts to address climate change. The State Department’s own analysis says a barrel of tar sands oil carried by the Keystone tar sands pipeline will create at least 17 percent more carbon pollution than domestic oil. 
Peer-reviewed research estimates 
that the increase in oil consumption caused by Keystone could result in up to 110 million metric tons of carbon pollution each year—four times the State Department’s estimate. So this is even more than the State Depart-ment says. The source there is Erickson et al., ‘‘Nature Climate Change.’’ That is a peer-reviewed study as well. This is equivalent to carbon pollution adding 23 million new cars to the road or building 29 coal-fired pow-erplants. So the State Department is very modest in its projection. Even that is too much. 
Here is more. Here is the State De-
partment. That is the 17 percent quote. And it could add up to an additional 27 million metric tons of carbon pollution each year. That is more of the State Department. This is their modest con-clusion. We believe the peer-reviewed study shows it is far worse than even the State Department says. 
If you don’t believe climate change is 
a problem, I am really sorry for your constituency because let me tell you what scientists are saying. And I am saying it is 98 percent of scientists. Let’s be clear. Ninety-eight percent of scientists say climate change is real, and 2 percent say: We are not so sure. So my friends side with the 2 percent. 
Suppose one of my friends didn’t feel 
well and went to the doctor, and the doctor said: I am sorry to tell you this, sir, but you have a cancer that is rag-ing over your body, and we need to op-erate today. 
You say: I want a second opinion. That is good. You go get a second 
opinion. 
The second doctor says: Absolutely, 
you better get that operation. 
You say: Well, I want a third opinion. All right. I understand it. You go for 
a third opinion. Absolutely, those two doctors were right, but you keep going, and you get nine opinions that all say: Sir, you are a dead man if you don’t get this operation. And then you find the 10th, and he says: You know, just go on a vegetarian diet, and you will be fine. If you listen to that one out of 10 doctors, there is something wrong with you. 
It is just like Big Tobacco. They did 
the same thing. They said: Oh, tobacco is fine, not a problem—until we real-ized there was a whole campaign by the big tobacco companies to turn us away from the fact that tobacco causes can-cer. That is the truth. Guess what we found out. In a Union of Concerned Sci-
entists expose, they found out that the same people who led that fight of to-bacco denial are leading the fight of climate denial. 
If this was just going to hurt you, I 
say to my Republican friends rhetori-cally, I wouldn’t care. I mean, I would be really sad and sorry if one of my friends went to the doctor and didn’t listen to the best advice. But you know what. That hurts him. I would be mis-erable, and I would try to talk him out of it. But this is about my constituents and the people of this country. I have to say this is wrong. This is just wrong. 
This is an opportunity to bring the 
parties together. We could have done it around so many issues and in par-ticular the highway bill. So common 
sense tells us this isn’t the right thing to do. We are looking at unleashing this dirty, filthy oil. It is going to be harmful to our families’ health. It is going to worsen the impact of climate change. It will not create the jobs we need to create. 
Again, I urge my colleagues vote no. 
It is not ready for prime time. There are going to be amendments that will reveal the fact that if we go forward with this, it is actually going to raise gas prices for Americans because all this stuff is going to be exported. Even the tar sands that are now currently in America—they are going to export it because of the world market. We are going to have amendments that are going to show that. 
This bill doesn’t even have a ‘‘Made 
in America’’ amendment to it. We are going to offer that. Why don’t we make this deal here? Why don’t we put people to work here? That is not in this bill. This bill is not ready. This bill does not help us; this bill hurts us. I know my friends came here to make this country better. I think they think it helps. I don’t question that. But if you look at all of the facts—and I have them lined up here, one after the other—whether it is the jobs impact, the health im-pact, who benefits, who gets hurt, it is pretty clear. It is on the record. All you have to do is look at it. Don’t shop around for a doctor who will tell you this is a good deal because they have already spoken. It is not a good deal. We can do so much better. 
Because I think it is going to be a 
contentious debate, after this I hope we turn to the highway bill. My friend J
IM 
INHOFE and I, who worked so well to-
gether, and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and across the Capitol on the other side, the House, can fi-nally come together and do something that will send a strong signal to the American people that the election just ended, now let’s govern. But when you bring things before the body that some of us feel are so detrimental to the American people, I am willing to vote on it at midnight. It is OK with me. We will vote at midnight and vote at 1 o’clock in the morning. I don’t care what time we vote, but why are we tak-ing this up? This is not what we should be doing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.031 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S158 January 12, 2015 
S. 1—I looked at some of the S. 1 bills 
the Democrats have put forward, and they mostly have to do with creating a lot of jobs or making sure there is equal pay for equal work or making sure the minimum wage is increased. We could be doing all of those things together. 
It is with pride that I stand here 
again for my State. It is with no ani-mosity about the election. It was hard- fought and hard-won. But I believe this 
is an enormous mistake, and I will con-tinue to stand on my feet as long as it 
takes to make the case as to why I think it is wrong and make the case where I think there is so much else we could do for the good of our people. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for his 
courtesy. 
I yield the floor. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow morning. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:54 p.m., 
adjourned until Tuesday, January 13, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JA6.032 S12JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E47 January 12, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. KENNETH 
COOPER 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize a remarkable individual from Dallas, Texas for his induction into the National Foot-ball Federation’s Leadership Hall of Fame last night January 8, 2015. I would like to thank Chairman Archie Manning, Troy Aikman, Tom and Laura Leppert, and Roger Staubach for recognizing Dr. Kenneth Cooper for his dedi-cation to health and fitness and his continued leadership in the North Texas community as a whole. 
Throughout Dr. Cooper’s career he has con-
tinued to revolutionize health and fitness and has proven to be a leading pioneer in prevent-ative medicine. Known as the ‘‘Father of Aero-bics’’ he has motivated thousands of people in Texas and across the United States to exer-cise in pursuit of good health and overall well- being. I want to express my heartiest con-gratulations to Dr. Cooper on this outstanding accomplishment and sincerely thank him for his immense contribution to the Dallas com-munity. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PINE CASTLE, 
FLORIDA 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my privilege today to recognize the 100th an-niversary of the incorporation of the Town of Pine Castle, Florida. 
Pine Castle’s rich history begins in the years 
immediately following the Civil War. Originally, Pine Castle was a private residence erected by Will Harney, a poet and settler from Ken-tucky. He built his home from the abundant pines of Central Florida and dubbed it his ‘‘pine castle.’’ Soon, the areas of modern-day Edgewood, Belle Isle and the Conway chain of lakes came to be known as ‘‘Pine Castle.’’ In 1915, the Town of Pine Castle was formally incorporated. 
I join the residents of Pine Castle in cele-
brating this historical milestone. It is truly an honor to serve the residents of Pine Castle in the U.S. House of Representatives. HONORING CONGRESSMAN ENI 
FALEOMAVAEGA OF AMERICAN SAMOA FOR HIS NEARLY FOUR DECADES OF SERVICE TO THE CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the nearly four decades of service of my former colleague Congressman Eni Faleomavaega of American Samoa. After nearly four decades on Capitol Hill, American Samoa’s longest serving Member of Congress and the first Asian Pacific American in U.S. history to become chairman and ranking mem-ber of the House Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on Asia and the Pacific, bid fare-well to colleagues and friends at a reception on Capitol Hill held in his honor on Wednes-day, November 19th. The farewell reception for Faleomavaega included Members of Con-gress from the House and Senate, both Re-publicans and Democrats, ambassadors, for-eign delegations, and their family members. They paid tribute to the man they call ‘‘Our Eni,’’ and did so by sharing memories from their years together. Congressman Eni F.H. Faleomavaega, beloved by so many on the Hill, first came to Capitol Hill in the 1970s and served as Chief of Staff to the late Paramount Chief A.U. Fuimaono, American Samoa’s first Representative in Congress, and as staff counsel to the late Congressman Phil Burton of San Francisco before he became American Samoa’s Representative in 1989. 
As a reflection of Faleomavaega’s genuine 
kindness that touched so many and his bipar-tisan approach that reached across party lines, the reception was attended by many, in-cluding House Democratic Leader N
ANCY  
PELOSI and her husband Paul. Leader P ELOSI  
shared memories of Faleomavaega in their early years with Congressman Phil Burton long before she and Faleomavaega were both elected to Congress. ‘‘Eni, you are family from the Burtons on,’’ Leader P
ELOSI stated. The 
Pelosis visited privately with Faleomavaega and his family, including his wife, Mrs. Hinanui Hunkin, and his daughter and son-in-law, Leonne and Fui Vakapuna. 
Current and former members of the House 
Foreign Affairs Committee also attended. Re-publican Senator J
EFFFLAKE of Arizona, who 
first came to the Hill as a Representative from Arizona’s 1st District in 2001, expressed his gratitude to Faleomavaega as a leader, men-tor, and friend, including an unforgettable mo-ment with Faleomavaega when the two were on their way to a hearing. Congressman Faleomavaega was in an elevator with a good number of Samoan visitors whom the Senator described as all resembling NFL linebackers. Faleomavaega immediately held the elevator door open when he saw his friend coming down the hallway. Mr. F
LAKE squeezed in to the elevator but once the door closed, rather 
than ascend to the next floor, the elevator dropped a few feet and the entire group was 
trapped for about twenty minutes before they were rescued. Senator F
LAKE joked that the 
irony of it all was that the hearing was on sub-merged lands. In his message to Faleomavaega, Senator F
LAKE stated, ‘‘Eni, I 
have such good memories of our time to-gether. Thanks for being such a good friend and mentor to me, and such a good example of a disciple of Christ. I look forward to work-ing with you on a range of issues in the future. With admiration, J
EFFFLAKE, U.S. Senate.’’ 
Hawai‘i Senator M AZIE HIRONO , reminisced 
with Faleomavaega about their early years in the House together and conveyed how much she will miss him being an honorary member of the Hawai‘i State delegation. Over the years, because of his close ties to Hawai‘i and friendship with the delegation, Faleomavaega was always invited to speak at the annual King Kamehameha Lei Draping Ceremony. The Senator also shared how, whenever Faleomavaega had the opportunity, he always reminded President Obama that Kahuku (Faleomavaega’s alma mater) is better than Punahou (the President’s alma mater). ‘‘To my brother,’’ Senator H
IRONO stated, ‘‘Thank you 
for all the kokua. Kahuku High, here I come! Take care, aloha.’’ 
In a surprise tribute to the Congressman, 
former Hawai‘i Senator Daniel Akaka, whom Faleomavaega affectionately calls by his Ha-waiian name, ‘‘Kaniela’’, also joined in on the reception from his home in Hawai‘i via tele-phone. The pair, who for many years were the only Members of Congress with Polynesian ancestry and who were also founding mem-bers of the Congressional Asian Pacific Amer-ican Caucus, laughed about their imaginary ‘‘Polynesian Caucus’’ in which Senator Akaka was the chair and Faleomavaega was the sec-retary. Senator Akaka thanked his ‘‘brother’’ Faleomavaega and his wife, Hina, for their years of friendship to him and his wife ‘‘Aunty Millie’’ all the way back to when Faleomavaega was first elected. 
Congressman C
HARLES RANGEL of New 
York and Congresswoman G RACE NAPOLITANO  
of California shared their admiration for Faleomavaega’s decades of service, noting how much personal dedication and family sac-rifice is required to be a Member of Congress. Congressman R
ANGEL stated, ‘‘Eni, the Con-
gress will miss you so much and I even more’’ and added that when Congress loses one of its devoted servants, a family gains a hus-band, father, and grandfather. Congress-woman N
APOLITANO said, ‘‘Eni, my friend, I will 
miss your smiling face’’ and shared how being so far from home in Washington, D.C. makes her miss her grandchildren, to which Faleomavaega replied, ‘‘I don’t even know how to be a grandpa!’’ The Congressman’s youngest daughter, Leonne, who was only two years old when Faleomavaega was first elect-ed to Congress and who is now a wife and mother, smiled and gave her dad a big hug. 
Republican Congresswoman, I
LEANA ROS- 
LEHTINEN , former chair of the House Foreign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12JA8.001 E12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E48 January 12, 2015 
Affairs Committee, said ‘‘I’m gonna miss you, 
amigo!’’ as Faleomavaega introduced her to all the famous Samoans pictured in photos around his office. When they came to a pic-ture of Faleomavaega with Dwayne ‘‘The Rock’’ Johnson, she asked, ‘‘Do you really know Dwayne Johnson?’’ Without skipping a beat, the Congressman replied, ‘‘Of course I do. His mom is my cousin!’’ Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN , who represents Florida’s 27th Dis-
trict including Miami, where Dwayne Johnson lives, said, ‘‘Everyone is your cousin, Eni. And he’s my constituent!’’ When they came across Faleomavaega’s centerpiece photo from the 1960s featuring him with Elvis in Hawai‘i, the Congresswoman laughed, ‘‘Elvis is Samoan too? You do know everybody Eni, even Elvis! I already like you. But now I like you even more.’’ 
Congresswoman M
ADELEINE BORDALLO of 
Guam brought her entire staff to bid farewell to Faleomavaega. ‘‘Hafa Adai! To our friend Eni from the Guam office! I will always re-member our many years together in Congress. You were a dear friend and you helped me along with advice during my early years! One memory I will take with me is our CODEL to American Samoa. What a fiesta that was!!! Love, M
ADELEINE and from all your friends on 
Guam!’’ 
Other Members, including Congressman 
STEVE CHABOT (R–OH), Congressman D AVID 
CICILLINE (D–RI), Congressman J OHN CON-
YERS (D–MI), Congressman E LIOT ENGEL (D– 
NY), Congresswoman T ULSI GABBARD (D–HI), 
Congressman M IKEHONDA (D–CA), Congress-
man G REGORY MEEKS (D–NY), Congress-
woman G RACE MENG (D–NY), Congressman 
Nick Rahall (D–WV), Congressman G REGORIO  
KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN (D–MP), Congress-
man B RADSHERMAN (D–CA), and former Con-
gressman Solomon Ortiz (D–TX) also at-tended Faleomavaega’s farewell reception. 
Several who attended wrote the following in 
Faleomavaega’s guestbook. 
‘‘You are my buddy and you always will 
be!’’—Congressman D
ANA ROHRABACHER (R– 
CA). 
‘‘To a dear dear friend. You have made a 
giant difference in the lives of so many! Thank you, thank you so much, S
HEILA !’’—Congress-
woman S HEILA JACKSON LEE(D–TX). 
‘‘I’ve really enjoyed serving with you. You’ve 
done a great job!’’—Congressman Buck McKeon (R–CA). 
‘‘The mark of success is not measured in 
what you’ve accomplished but rather in the lives that you have touched. Eni you’ve touched so many lives in your years of serv-ice, you’re the definition of success. Be well my friend.’’—Congressman A
MIBERA(D–CA). 
‘‘Hermano, you are the best. We will see 
you soon!’’—Congressman H ENRY CUELLAR  
(D–TX). 
Ambassadors and delegations from the 
Asia-Pacific region, including Korea, Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Kazakhstan, Tai-
wan, Pakistan, and Uzbekistan, also ex-pressed their gratitude to Faleomavaega. 
From Myanmar: ‘‘On behalf of the Myanmar 
Government, I wish to extend our sincere grat-itude to you for your kind contribution toward promoting Myanmar-U.S. relations as well as for your country.’’ 
From Pakistan: ‘‘The Embassy of Pakistan 
deeply appreciates gracious support received by your office. Thank you.’’ 
From Vietnam: ‘‘Brother Eni, we love you so 
much. Thank God for helping us meet each other on the earth!’’ Also from Vietnam: ‘‘We’ll keep you forever 
in our heart, millions of Vietnamese will do.’’ 
Faleomavaega expressed his gratitude and 
appreciation to all who attended. ‘‘I am deeply appreciative of the opportunity to have worked with such distinguished leaders during my time in Washington, DC. The memories we built 
are priceless and I wish my friends and col-leagues and the people of American Samoa continued success and happiness,’’ Faleomavaega concluded. 
As you can see his years of service have 
had a tremendous impact on U.S. policy in American Samoa and on U.S. foreign policy across the globe. I wish him the best in his fu-ture endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE KIWANIS 
CLUB 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. BEN RAY LUJA´N 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Kiwanis Club, as well as the outstanding work of the Kiwanis Club of Santa Fe. 
While the Kiwanis Club originated as a busi-
ness fellowship, it has evolved into an impor-tant worldwide service organization. Over the years the Kiwanis Club has devoted itself to making a positive impact on the lives of under-privileged children and communities, contrib-uting nearly 150,000 service projects, 6 million hours of service, and $100 million per year to communities around the world. Some of their notable projects include a partnership with UNICEF to eliminate maternal/neonatal tet-anus, a worldwide service project to end Io-dine Deficiency Disorder, and the Young Chil-dren Priority One program to address the needs of children age 0–5. The Kiwanis Club has truly set an example for selfless and en-during community service. 
The Kiwanis Club of Santa Fe is an impor-
tant part of the international Kiwanis Club or-ganization. Originally formed on April 25, 1921, the Club has had a significant impact on the children and community of Santa Fe. In addition to helping over 155 students with more than $450,000 for college scholarships, the Club has also had an important hand in many community service projects, such as the organization of the annual Pinewood Derby, building a computer lab for St. Catherine’s In-dian school, and the Kamp Kiwanis camping facility and program for handicapped children. Moreover, the Club has helped organize and produce the annual Zozobra event, one of the oldest celebrations in North America and a tra-dition that is dear to all New Mexicans. The Kiwanis Club of Santa Fe has had a tremen-dous effect on the city of Santa Fe and has truly helped make a difference in its commu-nity. I applaud the Kiwanis Club of Santa Fe for setting an example of dedicated community service for the people of New Mexico. TRIBUTE TO THE ARMENIAN SIS-
TERS’ ACADEMY OF LOS ANGE-LES 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the Armenian Sisters’ Academy of Los Angeles upon its thirtieth anniversary. 
The Armenian Sisters’ Academy of Los An-
geles (ASA), nestled in the foothills of the Verdugo Mountains in Montrose, offers a Day Care Program, Preschool, Kindergarten and grades 1st through 8th. Established in 1985, the ASA is one of three schools in the United States operated and governed by the only ex-isting Catholic Order of the Armenian Sisters of the Immaculate Conception, which was founded in 1847. The other two schools are located in Radnor, Pennsylvania and Lex-ington, Massachusetts, established in 1967 and 1979, respectively. 
Since its inception, the ASA has been com-
mitted to providing an exemplary and well- rounded education to its students. The ASA offers a bilingual curriculum, art, music and computer instruction to all students, and has been successful in preserving the identity and culture of the Armenian people by teaching the Armenian language, Armenian cultural courses and religion. The ASA also offers after school extracurricular activities such as Armenian dance classes, basketball and volleyball. 
The Armenian Sisters’ Academy of Los An-
geles is dedicated to the development of the child spiritually, personally, emotionally, intel-lectually and socially. Among the many goals and objectives the ASA strives to achieve in-clude providing each student with a respectful and optimistic environment in which each stu-dent feels encouraged, creating an atmos-phere where the Armenian language, heritage and culture may be taught and experienced, emphasizing the heritage, privileges and re-sponsibilities of American citizenship, and en-couraging small group work and the increased use of independent study. I commend the ASA for being an integral part of the community, and applaud the school’s unwavering commit-ment to our youth. The ASA plays a central role in shaping our children into responsible citizens and thriving members of society. 
I ask all Members to join me in congratu-
lating the Armenian Sisters’ Academy of Los Angeles for thirty years of dedicated service to the community. 
f 
HONORING LARRY BLAKENEY FOR 
HIS EXCEPTIONAL CONTRIBU-TION TO ALABAMA ATHLETICS 
HON. MARTHA ROBY 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. Larry Blakeney, an exceptional Ala-bamian who has made an enormous contribu-tion to athletics and the development of young people in my state. 
Coach Blakeney is best known as the head 
coach of the Troy University Trojan football 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12JA8.003 E12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E49 January 12, 2015 
team, a position he held for 24 years, retiring 
this past December. During that time, Coach Blakeney built a little-known Southeast Ala-bama team into a conference powerhouse and a nationally-competitive program. His remark-able career at Troy has included six 10-win seasons, five Sunbelt Conference champion-ships, and 178 wins—a total that places him among the top three Alabama college coach-es, behind the legendary Paul ‘‘Bear’’ Bryant and just ahead of his mentor and winningest Auburn coach Ralph ‘‘Shug’’ Jordan. 
Among the defining characteristics of Larry 
Blakeney-coached teams was the fearless atti-tude they took into competition. ‘‘Any team, anytime, anywhere’’ was Troy’s motto, never phased or intimidated by traditional college football powers. And the Trojans would not just compete against the best, they would win. Simply put, Larry Blakeney has personified Troy Football, so much so that the field on which the Trojans play bears his name. 
Larry Blakeney’s impact on the game of 
football in Alabama started as a player in high school, when he led the Gordo Green Wave to a record of 24–2–2 and three-straight Warrior Conference championships. He enrolled at Au-burn University, where he became the first sophomore to start at quarterback under Coach Ralph ‘‘Shug’’ Jordan, a distinction that even Auburn Heisman winner Pat Sullivan does not share. 
Blakeney began his coaching career in the 
high school ranks, first at Southern Academy, 
then Walker High School and Vestavia Hills High School. He was then hired at his beloved alma mater, Auburn, where he served as an assistant coach for 14 seasons. Auburn would experience one of its most successful runs ever with Coach Blakeney calling plays, in-cluding three-straight SEC championships in 1987, 1988 and 1989. Coach Blakeney’s suc-cess and championship drive made him the perfect choice to lead Troy’s burgeoning foot-ball program beginning in 1991. 
His success on the gridiron has led to many 
accolades, including multiple ‘‘Coach of the Year’’ honors and placement in the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame. However, Coach Blakeney’s impact goes far beyond the playing field. 
From Gordo to Auburn to Troy, he has 
maintained close, warm relationships with his teammates, fellow coaches, and players. The Auburn Creed, which outlines how Auburn men and women are supposed to live, empha-sizes ‘‘the human touch,’’ which cultivates love, understanding and sympathy with your fellow man. Larry Blakeney personifies and embodies that ‘‘human touch’’ to a great and rare degree. 
Hundreds and perhaps thousands of once- 
young men are, today, better husbands, fa-thers, and citizens because of the positive in-fluence of Coach Blakeney; a good man who used the game of football to teach integrity, character, and perseverance throughout his entire career. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to acknowl-
edge Coach Blakeney’s positive impact on young people in Alabama, to celebrate his re-markable career, and to honor his place among the greatest college football coaches to walk the sidelines in my state. LAW ENFORCEMENT 
APPRECIATION DAY 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Law Enforcement Appreciation Day and honor our brave law enforcement officials who put their lives on the line day in and day out and keep our communities safe. The mil-lions of state, local and federal law enforce-ment officers nationwide constitute both our first and last line of protection for the Amer-ican people. 
As a former mayor, I know how important 
having well-staffed and properly equipped public safety departments is to protecting our communities. Our law enforcement officials work tirelessly to protect our families and busi-ness, and I am committed to ensuring that they have access to the resources they need to uphold the public’s safety. That is why I have long been a supporter of the federal Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS) Technology Grants program as well as for the COPS Hiring program, which pro-vides invaluable resources and technical as-sistance to state and local law enforcement agencies in an effort to keep our communities safe. 
Finally, I want to recognize my friend, col-
league and former sheriff Congressman R
EICHERT for all his work to honor and support 
law enforcement officers across our country. Protecting the American people must be the number one priority of our government. It is our brave law enforcement officers who pro-tect our streets day and night who are the very essence of our national security and de-serve our utmost gratitude and thanks. 
f 
EXCELLING IN THE CLASSROOM 
AND ON THE COURT 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate high school student Cassidy Nussman for being named to the 2014 Texas Girls Coaches Association (TGCA) Class 6A all-state and academic all-state volleyball teams. Nussman is a senior at Pearland High School in Pearland, Texas. These prestigious awards recognize her hard work and exem-plary performance as a scholar-athlete. 
Nussman earned a spot on the academic 
all-state team by maintaining a GPA of 3.9 or higher while competing on the court at an elite level throughout her high school career. She was also named an honorable mention selec-tion on the Under Armour Girls High School All-America Team by the American Volleyball Coaches Association (AVCA) and competed on the 2014 TGCA Blue All-Star team for Class 5A/6A as one of the division’s top 12 college-bound players. She has committed to play volleyball for Northwestern University next year. 
On behalf of the residents of the Twenty- 
Second Congressional District of Texas, con-gratulations again to Cassidy Nussman for being named to the 2014 Texas Girls Coaches 
Association (TGCA) Class 6A all-state and academic all-state volleyball teams. We look forward to her continued success both on and off the court. 
f 
INTRODUCING THE DEFEND 
ISRAEL BY DEFUNDING PALES-TINIAN FOREIGN AID ACT OF 2015 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to introduce the Defend Israel by Defunding Palestinian Foreign Aid Act of 2015. 
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas’ ap-
plication to join the International Criminal Court (ICC) is an affront to all of those who have engaged for years in efforts to accom-plish a peaceful resolution to the decades long Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The Palestinian Authority’s anticipated war crimes complaint against Israel will, in no uncertain terms, se-verely hinder future comprehensive peace talks in a time when the advancement of a two-state solution that ensures enduring peace has never been more important. 
For more than half a century, Israel has 
been America’s most reliable strategic partner in the Middle East. It is essential that we re-main supportive of Israel’s absolute right to defend itself and protect its citizens. We can-not stand by while the Palestinian Authority, engaged in a unity government with Hamas, makes frivolous and damaging claims against Israel Defense Forces soldiers and Israeli citi-zens residing in settlements in the disputed West Bank. Congress must halt the $400 mil-lion American dollars sent annually to the Pal-estinian Authority until it withdraws its counter-productive request to join the International Criminal Court and returns to the negotiating table with Israel. 
I urge my colleagues in the House to join 
me in calling for the defunding of Palestinian foreign aid by becoming a co-sponsor of this resolution. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, on January 9, 
2015, I underwent emergency surgery to re-pair a broken bone and, therefore, was unable to vote. Had I been present, I would have voted yes on the Motion to Recommit to H.R. 3, the Keystone XL Pipeline Act, and no on Final Passage of H.R. 3. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
strong support of H.R. 3, the Keystone XL 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12JA8.006 E12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E50 January 12, 2015 
Pipeline Act. The legislation would imme-
diately authorize the construction, connection, operation, and maintenance of the Keystone XL pipeline. 
My constituents are sick and tired of the 
delays in approving and building the Keystone pipeline. The recent drop in gas prices high-lights the economic benefits of increased en-ergy production right here in North America. 
Building the Keystone pipeline will increase 
access to more North American energy sources and further reduce our dependence on oil from the Middle East. For the first time in decades, North American energy independ-ence is within our grasp if we make the critical investments in the necessary infrastructure. 
President Obama’s opposition to the Key-
stone pipeline and all of its economic benefits shows just how out of touch he is with middle class working families. 
The State Department studied the environ-
mental impacts of the Keystone XL pipeline and concluded that it would not have a nega-tive impact. Furthermore, the State Depart-ment found that the Keystone XL pipeline project would support roughly 42,000 jobs. 
Earlier today, the Nebraska Supreme Court dismissed a key lawsuit challenging the Key-stone XL pipeline. 
The passage of H.R. 3 is the tenth bill ap-
proved by the House of Representatives to authorize the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. Thankfully, the new Republican ma-jority in the Senate has indicated it will take action on similar legislation next week. I know my constituents and hardworking American families hope we can finally start construction on this economically important project. 
f 
PEARLAND LEGACY CONTINUES 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate high school student Brooke Botkin for being named to the Texas Sports Writers Association (TSWA) first team and the 2014 Texas Girls Coaches Association (TGCA) Class 6A all-state volleyball teams. Brooke is a sophomore at Pearland High School in Pearland, Texas. These honors rec-ognize her hard work and outstanding athletic achievements. 
The TSWA and TGCA selected Brooke for 
her skill and sportsmanship, which have made her a top prospect for collegiate volleyball pro-grams. Her dedication to the sport ensures her place in an elite class of competitors and con-tinues Pearland’s legacy of producing some of the nation’s best student athletes. 
On behalf of the residents of the Twenty- 
Second Congressional District of Texas, con-gratulations again to Brooke Botkin for being selected as a first team athlete on the TSWA and TGCA Class 6A all-state volleyball teams. We look forward to her continued success both on and off the court. OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
On Friday, January 9, 2015 it was 
$18,098,260,560,760.27. We’ve added $7,471,383,511,847.19 to our debt in 5 years. This is over $7.4 trillion in debt our nation, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amendment. 
Today, it is $18,084,817,920,825.53. We’ve 
added $7,457,940,871,912.45 to our debt in 5 years. This is over $7.4 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
16 had I been present, I would have voted aye. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JIM PAULY 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and pay tribute to an individual whose dedication and contributions to the community of Corona, California are exceptional. River-side County has been fortunate to have com-mitted community leaders who willingly and unselfishly give their time and talent and make their communities a better place to live and work. Jim Pauly is one of these outstanding individuals. On Thursday, January 15, 2015, Jim Pauly will be honored with the Lifetime Achievement Award at the Corona Chamber of Commerce Installation Dinner. 
In the history of Corona, California, few indi-
viduals can match the years of devoted serv-ice Jim has given to his hometown. After at-tending local schools throughout his childhood, Jim enlisted in the United States Navy during World War II at seventeen years old as a sen-ior at Corona High School. Following his serv-ice in the Armed Forces, Jim returned to at-tend Chaffey College. In 1947, Jim began working full time at Emerson’s Men Clothes. Due to his strong work ethic and commitment to the business, Jim became a partner, chang-ing the name to Emerson-Pauly Menswear. After thriving for over fifty years in Corona re-tail, Jim retired and closed the storefront in 1993. 
Jim’s commitment to the business commu-
nity is only matched by his devotion to service and leadership. Jim regularly contributes to the community through work on the Charity Solicitation Committee as Vice Chairman of 
the Downtown Corona Redevelopment Project and as the Chairman of the Corona Parking Authority. Additionally, Jim is involved in sev-eral local organizations, frequently offering his guidance. Jim was a member of the 20-30 Club and acted as the president in 1959. As a fifty eight year member of Elks Lodge, Jim served as Lodge Leader in 1959. Jim also holds fifty-five years of membership with the Rotary Club and served as the organization’s president in 1965. Finally, in 1966, Jim was appointed to the Corona-Norco Unified School District Board of Trustees. Due to his excep-tional work, he was elected twice more to con-tinue to build a strong foundation for the Co-rona-Norco Unified School District. 
In light of all Jim has done for the commu-
nity of Corona, it is clear he fully deserves the Corona Chamber of Commerce’s Lifetime Achievement award. Jim’s tireless passion for community service has contributed immensely to the betterment of Corona, California. He has been the heart and soul of many commu-nity organizations, and I am proud to call him a fellow community member, American and friend. I know that many community members are grateful for his service and salute him as he receives this prestigious award. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, during the roll 
call vote on Thursday, January 8, 2015 and Friday, January 9, 2015, I was absent after re-turning to El Paso due to a shooting that oc-curred on Tuesday, January 6, 2015 at the El Paso VA Clinic and subsequent visit by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs Robert McDon-ald to the clinic. 
Had I been present, on roll call number 14, 
I would have voted Nay. 
On roll call number 16, I would have voted 
Nay. 
f 
LEADING THE WAY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Jillian Ross for being elected to the Columbia University Senate for a two-year term through 2016. Jillian is a 2012 graduate of Clements High School in Sugar Land, Texas and a chemical/biomedical engineering junior at Columbia University. 
Ms. Ross is the first African-American 
woman elected to represent Columbia’s Fu Foundation School of Engineering in the de-partment’s 150-year history. Through her posi-tion in the university’s senate, Jillian will work with school’s president and faculty to shape policy on issues that affect the student body and greater Columbia University community. 
I commend Jillian Ross for her dedication to 
serving the interests of her fellow students and taking on the responsibilities that leadership brings. On behalf of the residents of the Twen-ty-Second Congressional District of Texas, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JA8.005 E12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E51 January 12, 2015 
congratulations to Jillian for winning a seat in 
the Columbia University senate. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, January 9, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position to H.R. 3, which would circumvent the legal approval process and grant blanket auto-matic authority for TransCanada to ‘‘construct, connect, operate, and maintain’’ the Keystone XL pipeline and cross-border facilities. 
Every cross-border pipeline must undergo a 
vetting process to make sure that it is in the national interest. This process has been ongo-ing at the State Department and has been complicated by disputes over the route, most notably in Nebraska, where their Supreme Court ruled on the issue just this morning. To-day’s legislation would provide a special deal for one company to bypass federal permitting requirements. 
Additionally, the oil that would be trans-
ported by Keystone XL, tar sands oil, is cur-rently exempt from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund that is used to fund the response to leaks and accidents. This means that the American public would bear the risks for the immediate cleanup costs from any potential accidents or leaks from the pipeline. Con-gressman E
ARLBLUMENAUER introduced legis-
lation last night, which I am proud to cospon-sor, to close that loophole and ensure that TransCanada and other companies trans-porting tar sands oil share responsibility for those costs by paying into the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund. Democrats are offering a motion today to address this issue for the oil that would be transported through the Keystone XL pipeline, and I hope my Republican colleagues will work with us to close this loophole. 
Ultimately, there is no reason to give special 
treatment to a single, foreign company, which would be exempt from permitting requirements and from paying into the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund. We should reject this bill and allow the State Department to complete its ongoing re-view. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WAYNE KEITH 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and pay tribute to an individual whose dedication and contributions to the community of Corona, California are exceptional. Corona has been fortunate to have dynamic and dedi-cated community leaders who willingly and un-selfishly give their time and talent and make their communities a better place to live and work. Wayne Keith is certainly one of these in-dividuals. On Thursday, January 15, 2015, Wayne will be honored with the Lifetime Achievement Award at the Corona Chamber of Commerce Installation Dinner. 
Following his graduation from Iowa State 
College, Wayne took his Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering to the National Advi-
sory Committee for Aeronautics, known today as NASA. Following his time there, Wayne then took a position with the Aluminum Com-pany of America, ALCOA, in 1945, where he would remain for forty years. After dedicating his time and efforts to offices in Cleveland, Detroit, New Kensington and Pittsburg, Wayne found his home in Corona where he acted as general manager until his retirement from the plant in 1986. 
In addition to his strong work ethic, Wayne 
also exemplifies what it means to be a volun-teer. After moving to Corona in 1969, Wayne immediately involved himself in the growing Corona community in a variety of capacities. Wayne took on many leadership positions with organizations such as the United Way, Corona Rotary Club, Good Samaritan Boys Home, First Congressional Church, Navy League, Peppermint Ridge, YMCA, The Greater Co-rona Chamber of Commerce, Corona Commu-nity Hospital, Norco-Corona Unified School District, California Manufacturer’s Association and the Wagner Foundation. Few citizens can match the years of service Wayne has gener-ously donated to the Corona community. 
Given all of the contributions Wayne has 
made, he has received many prestigious hon-ors. In 1975, Wayne was deemed Citizen of the Year by the Corona Chamber of Com-merce. Wayne has also been the recipient of other prominent awards such as the Corona Chamber’s ‘‘George’’ Award, the Corona Com-munity Hospital Volunteers Award, Peppermint Ridge’s Golden Hinge Award and the Ira D. Calvert Distinguished Service Award due to his outstanding leadership and significant con-tributions to the Corona community. 
In light of all that Wayne has done for the 
community of Corona, it is clear he fully de-serves the Corona Chamber of Commerce’s Lifetime Achievement award. Wayne’s tireless passion for community service has contributed immensely to the betterment of Corona, Cali-fornia. He has been the heart and soul of many community organizations, and I am proud to call him a fellow community member, American and friend. I know that many com-munity members are grateful for his service and salute him as he receives this prestigious award. 
f 
DEDICATION TO CHARACTER AND 
SERVICE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Ruben Ruiz and Shelby Lowe for being named Pearland’s 2014 Employees of the Year by Pearland city management. This award is given to the public servants who best exemplify the city’s core mission—to provide those who live in Pearland with the best qual-ity of life. 
Mr. Ruiz, a utility billing specialist, and Ms. 
Lowe, a recreation attendant, went above and beyond in performing their duties and improv-ing the systems on which the city runs. Their dedication to service and character provide a shining example of public service and set an example we can all follow. The residents of Pearland, Texas already know what a great place they live, work and raise their families. 
These dedicated city employees are part of what makes Pearland special. 
I thank Ruben Ruiz and Shelby Lowe for 
their tireless work in ensuring the Pearland community gets the customer service it de-serves. On behalf of the residents of the Twenty-Second Congressional District of Texas, congratulations to Mr. Ruiz and Ms. Lowe for being named Pearland’s 2014 Em-ployees of the Year. 
f 
TO MAKE IT A TOP PRIORITY TO 
EXTRADITE WILLIAM MORALES TO THE UNITED STATES IMME-DIATELY 
HON. PETER T. KING 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to express my opposition to the actions taken by the Obama Administration in Decem-ber to re-establish relations with Cuba. Among other reasons, Castro’s Cuba has been en-tirely uncooperative with the United States by providing safe harbor to numerous American fugitives, with offenses ranging from hijacking to murder. 
One of the most notable fugitives hiding out 
in Cuba is the known terrorist William Morales. Morales was a leader of the terrorist organiza-tion FALN, which has committed numerous terrorist attacks on United States soil, includ-ing the 1975 bombing of Fraunces Tavern in lower Manhattan. This attack killed 4 and in-jured more than 60 others. 
I urge the Administration to reevaluate its 
stance towards Cuba and make it a top pri-ority to extradite William Morales and other fu-gitives evading justice in Cuba to the United States immediately. 
f 
CUBA A SPONSOR OF TERROR 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I submit 
the following: 
[From National Review Online, Jan. 6, 2015] 
YES, CUBAISASTATE SPONSOR OF TERROR  
(By Yleem Poblete & Jason I. Poblete) 
The most senior U.S. delegation in decades 
will soon be in Havana to engage a declared enemy of the United States in discussions about ‘‘normalizing’’ relations. Covering much more subject matter than routine mi-gration issues, these meetings stem in large measure from the December 17 return of spies to Cuba who are responsible for Amer-ican deaths. 
Obama sent three Cuban spies back to the 
island, trading them for the release of Amer-ican Alan Gross. Mr. Gross had been held hostage for five years for the ‘‘crime’’ of teaching Jewish Cubans how to connect to the Internet. As part of this lopsided deal, the Obama administration also declared American policy a failure and offered a large basket of potential economic and diplomatic benefits. 
This was a significant ideological and po-
litical victory for the Communist regime. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA8.011 E12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E52 January 12, 2015 
And there are more rewards in the offing. 
Administration officials are reportedly con-sidering removing Cuba from the U.S. list of state sponsors of terrorism—a request Raul Castro made in May 2014 and one that the Cuban regime has made many times in re-cent years. Under Section 6(j) of the Export Administration Act, a country’s designation as supporting acts of international terrorism may be rescinded in only two ways. Cuba is not ready to come off that list. Quite the op-posite. 
In the first instance, the President must 
certify to the Congress that there has been a 
fundamental change in the leadership and policies of the government in question, as was the case with Iraq after the removal of Saddam Hussein. There is no legitimate way that administration officials can make such a claim with respect to Cuba. Moreover, the criteria for determining such a systemic transformation is clearly defined in the LIBERTAD Act, known as the Helms-Burton law. For starters, as stated in the law, Fidel and Raul Castro cannot be part of the gov-erning structure. 
That leaves only the second option for re-
moval from the list. To remove Cuba’s ter-rorism designation, the president would need to submit a report to Congress, 45 days prior to the proposed removal, certifying that 1) the regime has not provided any support for international terrorism during the preceding six months and 2) the government has pro-vided assurances that it will not support acts of international terrorism in the future. Most would agree that Cuba fails on both counts. 
Cuba has supported and provided safe 
haven to members of the Basque Fatherland and Liberty (ETA) and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC). Both are U.S.-designated Foreign Terrorist Organiza-tions (FTOs). The Obama administration would therefore need to remove ETA and FARC from the FTO list, before removing Cuba from the state-sponsors-of-terrorism list. Both actions are untenable at this time. Unless Spain’s foreign-policy establishment is about to make a radical shift in thinking, ETA remains a terrorist organization and there are ETA sympathizers in Cuba who are wanted for terrible crimes against the Span-ish people. As for FARC, despite the faux peace process in Havana the past few months, it continues to carry out violent acts in Colombia, has no plans to lay down arms anytime soon, and has links to al- Qaeda in the Lands of the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM). 
The ‘‘April 2014 State Department Country 
Reports on Terrorism,’’ however, implied that the only role the Castro regime had with FARC was facilitating travel for the ‘‘peace talks’’ between these terrorists and the Colombian government. It further stated that the ETA presence in Cuba is diminished. It would appear that a kinder-and-gentler Cuba narrative is being written to accommo-date a preconceived policy outcome. 
Administration officials have reportedly 
spent the last two years creating a founda-tion for Obama’s Cuba announcement on De-cember 17—all the while denying any such activity when asked by Congress about re-lated news reports. If this sounds familiar, it’s because it closely parallels the script used in the negotiations leading to the re-lease of five Taliban leaders held at Guanta-namo in exchange for Bowe Bergdahl. 
The State Department terrorism report 
also makes references beyond ETA and FARC—most significantly that Cuba harbors several fugitives of U.S. justice. Terrorists, murderers, and other violent criminals are being protected, well fed, and supported by the Communist regime. Among these is a woman convicted of first-degree murder, Jo-anne Chesimard. Also known as Assata 
Shakur, she is on the FBI’s Most Wanted Terrorists list for executing a New Jersey State Police trooper. With the help of the Black Liberation Army, she broke out of 
prison and found refuge in Cuba. According to the FBI, Chesimard ‘‘continues to profess her radical anti-U.S. government ideology.’’ New Jersey governor Chris Christie said re-cently that he wants her back in New Jersey. He’ll be waiting a long time. 
Basing the decision to remove Cuba from 
the state-sponsors-of-terrorism list solely on these above-referenced examples (there is probably a great deal more in classified form), the president would need to prove that for the six months prior to the proposed rescission, the Cuban dictatorship did not provide any assistance to terrorists and had unconditionally returned U.S. fugitives. But Communist-party officials have already stat-ed publicly that Cuba considers Chesimard a political asylee and, as such, not to be re-leased into U.S. custody. 
The president would also have to accept as 
credible the ‘‘assurances’’ from the Havana regime that it would not provide support in the future for international terrorism—a dif-ficult task given intelligence gaps high-lighted in the State Department’s terrorism report. The pertinent section states: ‘‘There was no indication that the Cuban govern-ment provided weapons or paramilitary training to terrorist groups,’’ but it provides no further data or analysis on these activi-ties. It also fails to address the relationship and cooperation between Cuba and other state sponsors of terrorism such as Iran, or other entities listed on the FTO List. 
And then there is the question of intel-
ligence tainted and manipulated by Ameri-cans spying for the Cuban regime. One of the most notorious of these traitors, Ana Belen Montes, used her position at the Defense In-telligence Agency to provide Cuban handlers copious amounts of highly sensitive data, in-cluding military contingency plans, details of intelligence-gathering efforts, and profiles of a broad spectrum of U.S. officials. 
Congress must therefore require a com-
prehensive appraisal of the range of Cuba’s activities against the U.S. and its interests and priorities before the White House can make any decision on whether Cuba will re-main on the terrorism list. The review must cover no less than a 20-year period and in-clude a fresh appraisal of all available raw data used in the Clinton-era Pentagon as-sessment spearheaded by Montes. The review should include detailed intelligence and analysis of unconventional threats and pro-grams that have dual-use application, such as Cuba’s biotech capabilities. 
The congressional national-security and 
judiciary committees must be given full ac-cess to all files pertaining to the WASP spy network, including data related to the 1996 Brothers to the Rescue shoot-down, as well as damage assessments for all Americans and non-Americans convicted of spying for the Cuban regime. 
However, if President Obama chooses to 
proceed irrespective of the aforementioned conditions and determines that Cuba should be removed from the state-sponsors-of-ter-rorism list, Congress would have only 45 days from the submission date to evaluate the re-scission proposal and act accordingly. 
Members of the House and Senate must 
therefore be proactive in countering the ex-ecutive action outlined on December 17 and in preventing further damage. Failure to do so would make Congress complicit in the ad-ministration’s acquiescence to Cuba’s Com-munist regime; it would undermine Amer-ican interests and reinforce a message of weakness to other enemies of freedom and security. 
SUPPORT FOR THE CUBAN PEOPLE 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to voice my strong support for the Cuban people, who have suffered for so many dec-ades under the brutal regime of the Castro brothers, and to thank my colleague, I
LEANA  
ROS-LEHTINEN , for her leadership in calling for 
statements on the record on the deplorable human rights situation in Castro’s Cuba. 
Her leadership and moral clarity on this 
issue stands in contrast to that of the Obama Administration, which once again has dem-onstrated its fecklessness. The events of this past weekend—where the absence of our President among so many bold Heads of State who marched in Paris for freedom and against extremism was so glaring—under-scores how this Administration scorns our friends while coddling this country’s enemies. The disregard this Administration showed for the people of France is part of a pattern, a pattern of contempt which includes disrespect to our great ally Canada and Prime Minister Harper over the crucial Keystone pipeline, which includes allowing Administration spokes-men to insult Israel’s courageous Prime Min-ister, Benjamin Netanyahu in the most juvenile fashion, and which includes abandonment of our Polish and Czech allies when they sought to base a missile shield in their countries in 2009. 
By this move to normalize relations with 
Cuba without consultation with either Con-gress or the State Department, and without holding the Castro regime to minimum stand-ards of protection of human rights and com-mitment to democracy as prerequisites to ne-gotiations, the Administration betrays the aspi-rations of the Cuban people while embracing the brutal dictators and oligarchs who turned an island paradise into a gulag. 
Again, there is a pattern here, a pattern of 
embracing our enemies, be it Hugo Chavez in Venezuela, the mullahs of Iran, or the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt, whose rise this Admin-istration helped facilitate. And with each em-brace of dictatorships and murderous regimes, the Administration showed its contempt for the downtrodden of these countries—the masses of people in Venezuela who suffered first under the dictator Chavez and now suffer under his understudy in oppression, Nicolas Maduro, who continues to persecute democ-racy advocates such as Leopoldo Lopez. 
This Administration was also silent when the 
Muslim Brotherhood Morsi regime oppressed the Coptic minority in Egypt, and it lifted no fingers to support the people of Iran during their peaceful Green Revolution protests in the wake of the 2009 election in that country, which were met with batons and pepper spray. 
And now the President embraces the Castro 
brothers, who were tutors to Hugo Chavez in the ways of oppression and whose support of so-called revolutionary movements has brought so much suffering to countries in Latin America and around the world. Let’s be clear about this: Cuba has been a state sponsor of terrorism, supporting violence against allies of the United States such as Colombia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JA8.016 E12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E53 January 12, 2015 
I have been a consistent supporter of the 
Cuban people in resisting tyranny. I am fortu-nate to have known many great Cuban dis-sidents, first and foremost Armando Valladares, whose autobiography Against All Hope was a first-hand account of Castro’s tyr-anny, on par with the great work of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn. I have also stood with the La-dies in White, or Las Damas de Blanco, and courageous leaders such as Ivonne Malleza Galano, and with heroes such as Dr. Oscar Biscet, a medical doctor and courageous human rights advocate who testified before our human rights subcommittee in February 2012 on ‘‘Further Human Rights Violations in 
Castro’s Cuba: The Continued Abuse of Polit-ical Prisoners.’’ 
Dr. Biscet’s story is far too commonplace to 
ignore. For the QUOTE UNQUOTE ‘‘crime’’ of organizing meetings on behalf of human rights, Dr. Biscet was first arrested and de-tained by Cuban police in 1999 along with two dozen other advocates. He was released after 5 days, but was rearrested again later that year, this time spending three years in prison. After he got out, he was rearrested a third time in December 2002, beaten and released. Presumably, the Castro regime saw his beat-ing as sufficient warning not to speak out in defense of liberty and human dignity. When he continued to do so, however, the Castro re-gime arrested him a fourth time, in March 2003, and sentenced him to 25 years in pris-on. 
Fortunately, the Catholic Church intervened 
to secure his release and that of 50 other un-justly-jailed dissidents in March 2011. He was able to testify via phone at our hearing from Cuba from the US mission. To this day he is unable to leave the Island, prevented by the Castro Brothers. 
Dr. Biscet is just one example of the many 
who suffer under the Castro Brothers. I join my voice with those of my colleagues to ex-press my dismay that the Administration would squander so much leverage in seeking this rapprochement with Cuba, and not doing more to gain concessions from the Castro regime to advance the cause of human rights, offering so much in exchange for so little. 
Despite today’s news confirming that Cuba 
released 53 dissidents, which we welcome, since the Administration announced that it would seek normalization of relations with Cuba, hundreds have been arrested, and crit-ics of the government who thought this might signal a new openness continue to be sup-pressed. This includes Cuban artist Tania Bruguera, who along with other freedom advo-cates was detained following her attempt to speak and assembly freely in Havana’s Revo-lutionary Square. 
There should be no easing of the pressure 
until Cuba has met definitive and concrete human rights and democratic milestones. Among this is the release of all political pris-oners, the end of harassment and a policy of releasing and then re-jailing, the ending of re-strictions on freedom of speech and the press, and on the rights of Assembly. Moreover, the 
Church must be allowed to conduct its affairs fully and freely without government inter-ference. 
And, finally, the Castro regime must be held 
to account for their harboring of some seventy fugitives from justice, including Joanne Chesimard, who was convicted of killing a state trooper from my home state of New Jer-sey in 1973, Werner Foerster, leaving his then-young wife a widow. The events of the past several weeks remind us how political vi-olence done in the name of ideology destroys lives and creates deep divisions in the fabric of our society. That this Administration would fail to condition normalization upon the return of fugitives such as Joanne Chesimard, who is on the FBI’s Most Wanted Terrorist list, shows where its priorities are. 
In closing, I want to assure the Cuban peo-
ple that I will do everything to make sure that human rights milestones are met before our government makes concessions that are effec-tively unilateral, squandering leverage. Mind you, this lifeline thrown by the Obama Admin-istration to the Castro regime came at a time when Cuba’s oil patrons, Russia and Ven-ezuela, were themselves hurting for cash, and unable to continue subsidizing the regime in Cuba. 
To that end, I plan to hold a hearing on the 
human rights situation in Cuba, focusing in particular on the plight of Afro-Cubans. I also intend to seek a visa to go to Cuba, so I can meet with political prisoners languishing in jail and visit churches, which are spheres inde-pendent of government control. I have on mul-tiple occasions sought a visa, only to never have one granted. I say to the Cuban re-gime—if today marks a new day of openness, then prove it, and let one of your most con-sistent critics visit Cuba and have freedom of movement to meet with victims of the regime. And, finally, I will introduce legislation to make sure that human rights are not forgotten. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF 
DR. DALE PATTERSON, PASTOR OF EAST BRENT BAPTIST CHURCH IN PENSACOLA, FLOR-IDA 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 12, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Dr. Dale Patterson, Pastor of East Brent Baptist Church, upon the occa-sion of his retirement after 33 years at East Brent Baptist Church in Pensacola, Florida, and for more than 50 years of ministry. 
Pastor Patterson is a native of Sumrall, Mis-
sissippi, and he started his long and distin-guished career in the ministry in Mississippi, where he served congregations in Hattiesburg, Mendenall, Shuqualak, and Picayune, while also pursuing his education at Mississippi Col-
lege, William Carey College, Mississippi State University, and the New Orleans Baptist Theo-logical Seminary, where he received his mas-ter’s and doctoral degrees. 
In 1981, Pastor Patterson and his family 
moved to Northwest Florida, where he took the important position of Pastor of East Brent Baptist Church. During his three-plus decades in Northwest Florida, Pastor Patterson became a staple of the community, leading his ministry based on a simple plan to minister to those within the church, while also reaching out to spread the Gospel to all the members of the community in need of the Lord’s guidance. 
Under Pastor Patterson’s leadership, and 
with the grace of God, East Brent Baptist Church has grown significantly over the past decades. Pastor Patterson supervised the pur-chase of property surrounding East Brent Bap-tist Church to expand the grounds and facili-tate the construction of many new facilities, in-cluding the Family Life Center, the Worship Center, the G Building—used to house various events from Sunday School classes to GED classes and weddings—as well as the reutili-zation of existing property to provide rec-reational opportunities for children in the church community. In addition, during his ten-ure, East Brent Baptist launched Care Min-istries, Inc. to help further spread the word of Jesus Christ far and wide. 
There is no question that Pastor Patterson’s 
record of leadership and accomplishments at East Brent Baptist are myriad; however, he has also served in important leadership posi-tions throughout the state and in the larger Southern Baptist Community. During his time in ministry, Pastor Patterson has served as President of the Associational Pastor’s Con-ference, Moderator of Association and has served on State Board of Missions for Florida Baptist Convention. Pastor Patterson has also held the chairmanship of various committees, including: the Evangelism Committee, Mis-sion’s Committee, Sunday School Committee, Program Committee, State Order of Business, State Nomination Committee, State Loans and Grants Committee, Budget and Allocations Committee, and the Health and Hope Com-mittee. 
Pastor Patterson’s many accomplishments, 
however, are only a small window into the ex-ceptional work that he has done serving the Lord and the congregation of East Brent Bap-tist Church, and his many successes in life are a testament to what can be achieved through faith and adherence to the teachings of Jesus Christ. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States 
Congress, my wife Vicki and I wish Pastor Patterson, his wife Louise, and the entire Pat-terson family all the best as Pastor Patterson enjoys his retirement years spending time with his family and the many friends he has made throughout the Northwest Florida community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JA8.017 E12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E54 January 12, 2015 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-
mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees 
to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily 
Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Jan-
uary 13, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M12JA8.000 E12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D21 Monday, January 12, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S133–S158 
Measures Introduced: Four bills and one resolution 
were introduced, as follows: S. 145–148, and S.J. Res. 3.
                                                                       Pages S150–51 
Measures Reported: 
S. 147, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. (S. 
Rept. No. 114–1)                                                         Page S150 
Measures Considered: 
Keystone XL Pipeline—Agreement: Senate re-
sumed consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline.
                                                                   Pages S136–46 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 63 yeas to 32 nays (Vote No. 3), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                  Pages S145–46 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the motion to 
proceed to consideration of the bill at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, January 13, 2015, until 12:30 p.m., with the time equally divided between the two Leaders or their designees; and notwithstanding the provisions of rule XX, all time during morning business, the recess and adjournment of the Senate 
count post-cloture on the motion to proceed to con-sideration of the bill.
                                                 Page S155 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S148 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S148 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:                 Page S148 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S148–50 
Petitions and Memorials:                                      Page S150 
Additional Cosponsors:                                          Page S151 
Additional Statements:                                           Page S148 
Amendments Submitted:                             Pages S151–55 
Privileges of the Floor:                                          Page S155 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—3)                                                                         Page S146 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 6:54 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Jan-uary 13, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S155.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 17 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 270–286; and 8 resolutions, H.J. Res. 16–20; H. Con. Res. 7; and H. Res. 26, 28, were introduced.
                                                              Pages H223–24 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H225–26 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as fol-lows: H. Res. 27, providing for consideration of the bill 
(H.R. 37) to make technical corrections to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Pro-tection Act, to enhance the ability of small and emerging growth companies to access capital through public and private markets, to reduce regu-
latory burdens, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 185) to reform the process by which Federal agencies analyze and for-mulate new regulations and guidance documents; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JA5.REC D12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D22 January 12, 2015 
and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 
240) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2015, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–2).
                                                                             Page H223 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Black to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                       Page H191 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:22 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                      Page H193 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 257 yeas to 128 nays, Roll No. 19.
                         Pages H194, H206–07 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:16 p.m. and recon-
vened at 5:06 p.m.                                              Pages H195–96 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American 
Veterans Act: H.R. 203, to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to provide for the conduct of annual evaluations of mental health care and suicide preven-tion programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan repayment for psychiatrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 403 yeas 
with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 17; and 
                                                               Pages H196–H201, H204–05 
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emer-
gency Responders Act: H.R. 33, to amend the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as em-ployees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 401 yeas with 
none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 18. 
                                                                    Pages H201–04, H205–06 
Recess: The House recessed at 6 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:30 p.m.                                                      Page H204 
Administration of the Oath of Office: Representa-
tives-elect Maxine Waters (CA), Young (AK), and 
Carter (TX) presented themselves in the well of the House and were administered the Oath of Office by the Speaker.
                                                                    Page H205 
Whole Number of the House: Under clause 5(d) 
of Rule 20, the Chair announced to the House that, in light of the administration of the Oath to the gentlewoman from California and the gentlemen from Alaska and Texas, the whole number of the House is 433.
                                                                Page H205 
Authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and agree to S. Con. Res. 
2, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the First Special Serv-ice Force, in recognition of its superior service dur-ing World War II.
                                                     Page H207 
Privileged Resolution: The House agreed to H. 
Con. Res. 7, providing for a joint session of Congress to receive a message from the President.
        Page H207 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H205, H205–06, and H206–07. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 9:50 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
REGULATORY ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015; PROMOTING JOB CREATION AND REDUCING SMALL BUSINESS BURDENS ACT; DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 185, the ‘‘Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 37, the ‘‘Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act’’; and H.R. 240, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Appro-priations Act, 2015’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a closed rule for H.R. 37. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. Additionally, the rule granted a structured rule for H.R. 185. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill and pro-vides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only those amend-ments printed in part A of the Rules Committee re-port. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be con-sidered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JA5.REC D12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D23 January 12, 2015 
points of order against the amendment printed in 
part A of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The rule also grants a structured rule for H.R. 240. The rule provides two hours of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only those amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in part B of the report. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. In section 4, the rule provides that the chair of the Committee on Appropriations may in-sert in the Congressional Record not later than Janu-
ary 14, 2015, such material as he may deem explan-atory of H.R. 240. Testimony was heard from Rep-resentatives Garrett, Maxine Waters of California, 
Sherman, Marino, Johnson of Georgia, Carter of Texas, Lowey, Aderholt, Barletta, Gutie ´rrez, Jackson 
Lee, Lofgren, and Castro of Texas. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
JANUARY 13, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , Full Committee, or-
ganizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , Full Committee, organi-
zational meeting for the 114th Congress, 10:15 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Ways and Means , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Moving America Forward: With a Focus on Economic Growth’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JA5.REC D12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD24 January 12, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, January 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 1, Keystone Pipeline, post-cloture. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Tuesday, January 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 185— 
Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule), H.R. 240—Department of Homeland Security Ap-propriations Act, 2015 (Subject to a Rule), and H.R. 37—Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Busi-ness Burdens Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E47 
Calvert, Ken, Calif., E49, E50, E51 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E50 Fincher, Stephen Lee, Tenn., E50 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E49 King, Peter T., N.Y., E51 
Luja´n, Ben Ray, N.M., E48 
Miller, Jeff, Fla., E53 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E49 Olson, Pete, Tex., E49, E50, E50, E51 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E50 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E49 Roby, Martha, Ala., E48 
Ros-Lehtinen, Ileana, Fla., E51 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E48 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E47 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E52 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E51 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E47 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jan 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D12JA5.REC D12JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST