Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5091 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JULY 13, 2015 No. 108 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
July 13, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable T OM 
EMMER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
DON FRISBEE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
this weekend, we will gather in Port-land to mourn the passing and cele-brate the life of Don Frisbee, who died June 26 at the age 91. 
Don led an extraordinary life, rising 
through the company ranks to become the chairman and CEO of PacifiCorp, then the major private utility in the Pacific Northwest. 
He was a bold and visionary leader of 
this important company. He was a board member of Fortune 500 compa-
nies like Weyerhaeuser and First Inter-state Bank, now Wells Fargo. He was widely regarded as the most influential business leader in Oregon for 2 decades. 
Don’s influence, though, extended be-
yond the business space. He was also on the board of two prestigious Northwest academic institutions, Whitman Col-lege in Walla Walla and Reed College in Portland, where he played a critical role in the development of that storied institution. 
He helped promote the growth of 
Portland State University, the Oregon Health Science University, and helped guide the Children’s Institute. 
Later in his retirement, he worked 
for 5 years with his daughter-in-law, Denise Frisbee, on a program through-out the State of Oregon to connect peo-ple with their public schools. 
He cared deeply about the civic infra-
structure, how to encourage and em-power individuals to make a difference the way that he, himself, had. He was instrumental in the creation and growth of the Oregon Leadership Forum, which now for 30 years has gathered people from all across Oregon on an ongoing, yearlong program to de-velop leadership capacity and commit-ment to our State. From its founding to his board leadership, from partici-pating in the very first year’s program-ming, he was the driving force for this unique organization. 
The utility executive was passionate 
about Oregon’s special places. He loved the out-of-doors and his own special place, his beloved ranch in Sisters, lo-cated in a spectacular setting in cen-tral Oregon. 
This veteran utility executive didn’t 
think there was a conflict between sound, sustainable business practices and protecting the environment. Dur-ing the last conversation I had with Don, he talked about how delighted he was with the Pope’s encyclical on the environment and global warming. For all his many accomplishments, 
his family and friends were central in his life, even more so as the years passed. He lost his beloved wife, Emily, in 2003, after 56 years of marriage. To-gether, they built a family, a career, and a better community. 
A little at loose ends after losing 
Emily, later in life, he met, wooed, and wed a widow who was his neighbor, Betty Perkins. Together, they found extraordinary happiness. They had an amazing effect on everyone they met, whether on a cruise, on the 60th re-union of Don’s class at the Harvard Business School, or just people on the street. 
At a time when most their age would 
be in rocking chairs, they were trav-eling the world, providing inspiration to all privileged to spend time around them. His was an extraordinary life well lived. 
Portland is often regarded as one of 
America’s finest city, listed on all the best places. Over the last 50 years, no one made it a better place than Don Frisbee. 
Our hearts go out to Don’s family; 
his wife, Betty; and to all of those who were touched by this extraordinary man. 
f 
TIME TO STREAMLINE SIMPLE 
IRA ROLLOVERS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, in 1966, Fed-
eral legislation established a new type of employer-sponsored retirement plan known as a SIMPLE IRA. These plans are designed to give small businesses a retirement option for their employees without the administrative burdens of other employer-sponsored retirement plan types. 
SIMPLE IRAs face a 25 percent early 
withdrawal penalty during the first 2 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY7.000 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5092 July 13, 2015 
years of their existence, compared to 10 
percent for other IRAs. In order to pre-vent accountholders from unknowingly rolling their IRA funds into SIMPLE IRAs and being surprised by an in-creased early retirement penalty, cur-rent law prohibits rolling funds over into a SIMPLE IRA from other retire-ment accounts. 
However, SIMPLE IRAs have the 
same early withdrawal penalty as other IRAs after that initial 2-year pe-riod, and consumers and financial plan-ners have struggled with the rollover restrictions as they attempt to consoli-date accounts. 
This week, I will introduce legisla-
tion to allow for rollovers into SIM-PLE IRA accounts that have met the 2- year threshold. The Joint Committee on Taxation has previously estimated this legislation would have a negligible effect on Federal tax revenues. This bill will simplify retirement planning and ensure a complex Tax Code does not prevent sensible financial planning decisions. Individuals should be able to consolidate their retirement funds in a way that best meets their needs. 
This legislation is a small but impor-
tant first step in the long road to en-suring our tax system works for Ameri-cans, not against them. 
f 
SHORT-TERM HIGHWAY FUND 
EXTENSIONS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) 
for 5 minutes. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, 2-year 
short-term highway fund extensions have become one of Congress’ most costly habits. Kudos to the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, which has marked up the high-way portion and may come to the floor 
this week with a 6-year bill. 
That bill is not yet paid for, but the 
Senate is at least making progress to-ward a 6-year bill, the kind that is needed to make a dent in the backlog of our construction projects in the States. 
We should not be deterred by the 
likelihood of another short-term bill, perhaps going to the end of the year. The goal before the year is out must be a long-term bill. 
Congress has taken to authorizing 
the highway trust fund for 2 years, knowing full well that the trust fund, collecting gas user fees at 1993 levels, would run out even before those 2 years are out; then the waltz begins with endless short-term bills. 
The States are disgusted and ex-
hausted. MAP–21 ran out before the end of its 2-year lifetime. The last short- term bill extension was so useless that it has lasted longer than expected be-cause the States could not apply the funds to the backlog of now endless re-scheduled projects; 6-month extensions have yielded 6-month projects, usually only patchwork. 
This poster goes beyond showing that 
the short-term extensions have been useless to the States. These short term 
bills and extensions are having nega-tive effects on the pocketbooks of our constituents. The highway user fee, which has not been raised for 22 years, costs drivers $97 a year. The bad roads that are the result cost those same drivers $515 per year. 
Find your State for the cost to your 
constituents. Here is a random sample: Louisiana, $514 per year; Oklahoma, $763 per year; New Jersey, $685 per driv-er; Ohio, $446 per driver; California, $762 per driver; and Pennsylvania, $471 per driver. 
All the figures are high, regardless of 
State or region of the country, and those high dollar amounts go out of the pockets of our constituents to patch bad roads, instead of putting the funds into fixing those roads, bridges, and transit. 
Congress’ short-term attention to 
our roads, highways, transit and bridges is breaking the bank, not for the Federal Government, but for our constituents. It is no longer the old adage ‘‘you can’t get something for nothing’’ rather, not funding the high-way trust fund for 6 years costs the people we represent not nothing, but $515 per driver. 
We have got to fund our transpor-
tation projects or ask our constituents to pay for their bad roads. The costs to the American people make our options clear what the best thing to do is. 
f 
THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE IS 
DENYING JUSTICE TO VICTIMS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 
Department of Justice is failing rape victims. 
Across America, an estimated 400,000 
untested rape kits sit on shelves. Gov-ernment officials long blamed a lack of resources to test the kits; so Congress fixed this problem in the reauthoriza-tion of the Violence Against Women Act, VAWA, as it is called. 
VAWA included the Sexual Assault 
Forensic Evidence Reporting Act, or SAFER, which allows and mandates that 75 percent of Debbie Smith DNA Backlog Grant funds go directly to test the long backlog of rape kits. 
The bottom line, money has been al-
located to fund the backlog of 400,000 rape kits. Funds are required to be made available for audits, so we could find the true number of languishing kits throughout different States and then test them. 
The goal of SAFER was to ensure 
that no rape kit went untested, so all victims had answers and all rapists were brought to justice; yet, Mr. Speaker, it has been 2 years. Kits re-main in basements on dusty shelves, and nothing has changed. 
The money is there; the law is writ-
ten, but the DOJ, the Department of Justice, shamelessly ignores this man-date leaving sexual assault victims 
waiting for justice. Meanwhile, untest-ed rape kits create an unfair treatment of victims. One thing it does is it al-lows the guilty outlaws to go free and prevents the innocent from being exon-erated. 
Also, the statute of limitations may 
expire. Then, when the criminal is cap-tured, he may escape justice because the kit was analyzed too long after the crime was committed. That is a trav-esty of justice. It is an insult and shameful treatment of sexual assault victims. 
To quote an old legal maxim, ‘‘the 
criminal goes free because the con-stable has blundered’’ or, in this case, the constable is incompetent. 
Without this SAFER Act, which al-
lowed the implementation of funds to analyze backlogs of rape kits, we would still be in a problem that we had 2 years ago. 
b1215 
But these funds are available for the 
States to analyze and get the kits test-ed. Once tested, the results would allow the apprehension of criminals. 
This is not occurring. The Depart-
ment of Justice has yet to even offer the SAFER audit grants to the States. The DOJ cannot show that 75 percent of the funds are going to direct testing and lab capacity enhancement, as re-quired by the law. 
To give rape victims justice, DNA 
often holds the critical key and the only key to learning the identity of the perpetrators. Without this, justice is often delayed or denied forever. 
Ignoring SAFER is an affront to sex-
ual assault victims. Mr. Speaker, vic-tims deserve to know who assaulted them. They need to know for peace of mind. It is mental turmoil for rape vic-tims not to know the identity of the perpetrator while sometimes they still fear for their own safety. A rape kit DNA test may prove to be their best and last and only hope in knowing the identity of the rapist. 
Bureaucrats should do their job. Quit 
making excuses for not implementing the law. 
In my 30 years as a prosecutor and 
criminal court judge, I talked to and met a lot of sexual assault victims. Sexual assault, or rape, is, to me, the worst crime in society. And rape vic-tims, more than anything else, want to know who did it. They want to know who did it. 
We have the capability of helping 
rape victims know who the perpetrator in 400,000 cases. Why aren’t we doing it? 
Not knowing the identity of a rapist 
is haunting to their victims. It is trau-matizing. And to know that the rapist still may be on the loose because the testing kit was not done is inexcusable incompetence. 
Each day that goes by, we are run-
ning out the clock on the statute of limitations, increasing the chance that criminals may escape the long arm of the law. It is time to analyze the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.003 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5093 July 13, 2015 
400,000 rape kits and capture the rap-
ists. 
The Department of Justice must live 
up to its name. Enforce the SAFER Act and follow the law. The Department of Justice must ensure justice for vic-tims. Until then, many rape victims see no justice. 
Our country deserves better; sexual 
assault victims deserve better; and, Mr. Speaker, justice deserves better. Be-cause, justice is what we do in this country. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
ANTIQUITIES ACT ABUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, last 
week, the President announced his plans to designate, once again, over 300,000 acres, this time of mountains, meadows, and other areas that stretch over 100 miles in northern California, including parts of Yolo, Solano, Napa, Lake, Mendocino, Glenn, and Colusa Counties, as a monument. 
This designation now marks the 19th 
time this President has created or ex-panded, since taking office, resulting in over 260 million acres of designated lands and waters in monuments or wil-derness areas. 
This move actually exemplifies the 
President’s complete disregard for the legislative process and his lack of hesi-tance on using every single political tool to carry out even more of his exec-utive power grabs. 
Indeed, the one in Snow Mountain 
was a bipartisan effort underway, with legislators working on how that might become a designated area. Instead, that has now been usurped by one more round of executive power, kind of like we have seen recently with the Su-preme Court exercising its power usurping the legislative process where we, the legislators, are subject directly to we, the people. 
Using the Antiquities Act as jus-
tification to designate over a third of a million acres in my State overnight is not only a serious abuse of power, it is a serious misrepresentation of the in-tent of the law itself. This law, the pur-pose of this law, which was enacted after archeologists years ago noticed small artifacts disappearing or ending up in private collections across dif-ferent countries, was meant as an emergency option to curb looting in small archeological sites in the South-west. 
The short and what would seem like 
simple text of the law actually directs the President to limit any designation to the smallest area compatible with proper care and management of the re-source or the objects to be protected. 
Now, when you see 330,000 acres des-
ignated here or 700,000 designated in Nevada or, a few years ago, when Presi-dent Clinton declared 1 million acres in Utah, are we really protecting a par-ticular area or zone or is this a wide-
spread power grab? 
Indeed, what are we protecting it 
from? Well, you will hear from the left, from oil and gas development, from timber, from mining, or from all sorts of things that would be devastating to the environment. 
Have you noticed how hard it is to 
get a permit to do any one of those things, by the time you get through the EPA, U.S. Fish and Wildlife, and the whole litany of others that are in the way of doing things that could be done with good environmental steward-ship at the same time as developing the resources that people in this country still need? They still need fuel; they still need oil; they still need gas; they still need paper products. Heaven knows, we use enough paper products in this building. 
But we need development in this 
country. We do it more responsibly than anywhere else in the world. Yet these wilderness area designations, these monuments, they don’t seek to really protect anything. They just make it off limits to all Americans, even if you just want to go in for hik-ing or hunting or a little off-roading and, indeed, those that would develop the resources. 
This is so absurd, it even has made it 
difficult for fire suppression in our for-ested areas, for our various fire agen-cies to go do the job they need to do, to have the roads in the areas that are needed so they can attack the fires. 
And even more so, as we have seen 
what happened with the loss of life with illegal immigrants in this coun-try, like Kathryn Steinle in San Fran-cisco, illegal immigration, the effort to stop that at the border was made even more difficult, I believe, down in New Mexico when the President designated a bunch of the area along New Mexico as a monument, making it where the Border Patrol can’t even patrol the areas because it is now an environ-mentally protected zone. That is ridic-ulous, and I think Americans, when they hear about this, say, ‘‘What is going on?’’ 
So this is, again, a power grab that is 
completely inappropriate. It bypasses the legislative process where the legis-lators are directly accountable to the people. 
It is about time that we change the 
Antiquities Act, or at least if we had somebody in the White House that knew the balance between designating just a small area that actually helps protect a resource and archaeological site versus hundreds of thousands or millions of acres that makes it just off limits to the type of use the public needs and actually makes the assets a safer and healthier one, for example, with our forests, where we can do the work that needs to be done to keep them healthy. 
Local residents have very little 
input, if any, on a designation hap-pening in their backyard. Is this a transparent process? No. It is power in Washington, once 
again, ruling over the people, ruling over the stakeholders in those commu-nities that know best how to manage the resource, what that resource needs, and what that could mean to the local economy, whether it is hunting or fish-ing or hiking, off-roading, even a little gold mining. 
We can do these things. We know how 
to do them environmentally respon-sibly, and yet we get run over time and time and time again by left-leaning folks using the Antiquities Act as something for their environmental dreams. 
Mr. Speaker, I am highly frustrated 
by this, and I hope the American public will get behind an effort to help us change the Antiquities Act and make it something that actually works for the American public and protects what needs protecting, not everything else. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 23 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
ENHAM ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
We give You thanks, O God, for giv-
ing us another day. 
We ask Your blessing upon this as-
sembly and upon all to whom the au-thority of government is given. 
Encourage the Members of this 
House, O God, to use their abilities and talents in ways that bring righteous-ness to this Nation and to all people. Ever remind them of the needs of the poor, the homeless or forgotten, and those who live without freedom or lib-erty. May they be instruments of jus-tice for all Americans. 
May Your spirit live with them and 
with each of us, and may Your grace surround us and those we love that, in all things, we may be the people You would have us be in service to this great Nation. 
May all that is done within the peo-
ple’s House this day be for Your great-er honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.012 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5094 July 13, 2015 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. M CNERNEY led the Pledge of Al-
legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S POLICIES 
DESTROY JOBS 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, recently, President Obama struck another blow destroying Amer-ican jobs with his new proposal to raise the salary threshold for overtime. This top-down, burdensome regulation will inhibit job creation, burden small busi-nesses, and penalize hard-working Americans. 
By increasing the wage threshold, 
businesses in South Carolina and across America will be faced with dif-ficult choices: reducing hours for work-ers and cutting jobs. This change will hurt hard-working employees, who will face a lack of flexibility, limited oppor-tunity for advancement within their jobs, and lower base salaries. 
The new mandate joins other harmful 
administration regulations, including mandatory wages and fixed work schedules, destroying jobs. 
The failed liberal welfare state poli-
cies of the last 50 years have produced increased poverty, and we should change policies to promote a limited government of expanded freedoms, cre-ating jobs. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
ADDRESSING FORECLOSURES AND 
SHORT SALES IS CRITICAL 
(Mr. M CNERNEY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, home-
ownership is one of the cornerstones of the American Dream; yet, since the 2007 housing crisis, millions of Ameri-cans have lost their homes through the foreclosure process, and many more continue to struggle. 
Addressing foreclosures and short 
sales is critical. Accelerating the short sale process for homeowners would be part of the solution. 
Unfortunately, in California and 
across the country, one of the most sig-nificant factors that slows down the short sale process takes place when a homeowner’s second mortgage lender delays final negotiations on the short sale; and too often, second mortgage lenders use stonewalling tactics to 
delay payouts from the first mortgage lenders. This, unfortunately, delays and hurts the homeowners, willing buyers, and the economy at large. 
After further investigation on this 
issue, I will be introducing a bill to ad-dress short sales and ask the Federal Housing Finance Agency to provide an update on what it is doing to facilitate short sales and protect homeowners. 
f 
WESTERN WATER AND AMERICAN 
FOOD SECURITY ACT 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 2898, the West-ern Water and American Food Security Act. This is by Representative V
ALADAO from California. I appreciate 
his hard work and bipartisan efforts on this. 
California’s drought is having dev-
astating effects on agriculture and our food supply nationwide. Last year, drought-related water cutbacks caused an estimated 400,000 acres to be fallowed, costing thousands of jobs and leaving consumers less food choices in the United States. 
While the solution is certainly not 
going to be all encompassed in one bill, this will be a great start towards get-ting California back where we need to be for drought relief. 
We cannot stand by and watch one 
more family suffer, small businesses and our economy leaving the State, when we should have those jobs right in the valley. 
It ends the finger-pointing and blame 
game, and provides desperately needed short-term relief while advancing com-monsense policies to fix the situation in the long term. 
It would update Federal laws and 
streamline water permitting so we could build Sites Reservoir in northern California. Indeed, it also ensures sound and real-time science and water delivery methods so we don’t have a situation where we are leasing 15,000 acre-feet twice to benefit less than 30 steelhead fish. 
Let’s get on with getting California’s 
water supply back on track so that this important legislation is not stalled by the usual suspects on the environ-mental left. 
Indeed, the proof will be in the pud-
ding. 
f 
CELEBRATION OF THE HUNT 
(Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize two young constituents, Connor Hanson and Schuyler Elaine Frashier, for being among the top students to place in the National Shooting Sports Foundation’s annual essay contest. Connor took the top honors, and 
Schuyler placed in the top 25, and also received a Learning for Life Award. 
In Minnesota, hunting is a way of 
life. These traditions are often passed down from one generation to the next, teaching many important life lessons along the way. 
Connor depicts this in his essay, de-
scribing the bonding experience with his father, the spirituality of the hunt, as well as everything that the hunt has taught him about life. Connor writes that the ‘‘hunting season allows me to see and experience the truth, through God’s creation.’’ 
I want to congratulate Connor and 
Schuyler on not only placing in this competition, but for so accurately por-traying how important hunting is to our culture in Minnesota. 
Well done. 
f 
EPA METHANE REGULATION 
(Mr. MEADOWS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, as a re-
sult of the shale energy revolution, the United States is benefiting from the economic and energy security and, I might add, environmental benefits of a natural gas abundance. 
However, the EPA is threatening to 
take this energy advantage and make it a disadvantage. The EPA is cur-rently trying to further regulate the byproduct of natural gas production, that of methane gas. 
The EPA, under the Obama adminis-
tration, is at its worst. The Obama ad-ministration mission is clear: if it is not a ‘‘green’’ energy source that he likes, it should not exist. 
And Obama has proven that he will 
use the EPA to do all he can to make it more difficult and expensive for American families to utilize this in-credibly wonderful source of natural gas that we have here in America. 
Lower energy prices for Americans, 
and we have also helped the environ-ment. 
So I would urge all of my colleagues 
to join me in opposing the burdensome mandates that will unnecessarily hinder natural gas production in the United States, thereby dismantling and diminishing the energy advantage that we have today. 
f 
CURES FOR THE 21ST CENTURY 
(Mr. BURGESS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, Friday 
afternoon of last week, this House passed what may well be the most im-portant piece of legislation that will be passed in our lifetimes. I am talking about H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. 
This is legislation that is to improve 
and enhance the discovery, develop-ment, and delivery of new medicines, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.006 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5095 July 13, 2015 
new devices, lifesaving efforts that can 
bend the course of someone who is trapped right now in an intractable dis-ease. We all know what they are: Alz-heimer’s, diabetes, recalcitrant can-cers, heart disease. 
What if we were to be able to solve 
one of these riddles? What a boon that would be to the Federal budget be-cause, as we can see, in the outyears of expenses for health care, it is nothing but up. 
In May of 2012, Glen Campbell and his 
family came to the Library of Con-gress. They came and testified before the Senate, and they gave a very mov-ing presentation on why it was impor-tant to deal with diseases such as Alz-heimer’s. In fact, that night, when Glen Campbell gave a concert at the Library of Congress—you can see him here with his daughter Ashley as they were playing on stage—it was a won-derful reminder just what is at stake here. 
What if we could provide one more 
time for a daughter to smile at her fa-ther because we have found, finally, the cure for this intractable disease? 
It is time to get the Senate to move 
and get this done. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, July 10, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Wash-
ington, DC. 
Dear M R. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on July 10, 2015 at 12:53 p.m.: 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 2620. 
That the Senate passed S. 143. That the Senate passed S. 1180. That the Senate passed S. 1359. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 11 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1600 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of New York) at 
4 p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings 
today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS INVESTMENT 
COMPANY CAPITAL ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1023) to amend the Small Busi-ness Investment Act of 1958 to provide for increased limitations on leverage for multiple licenses under common control. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1023 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Busi-
ness Investment Company Capital Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. INCREASED LIMITATIONS ON LEVERAGE 
FOR MULTIPLE LICENSES UNDER COMMON CONTROL. 
Section 303(b)(2)(B) of the Small Business 
Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 683(b)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘$225,000,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘$350,000,000’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentle-
woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
When an entrepreneur starts a busi-
ness, one of the first challenges they face is getting the money they need to produce their new product or patent their great idea. 
For small businesses, this has re-
mained a constant struggle. However, we also know that small businesses are vital to our economic growth and, since the recession, have accounted for 60 percent of new net jobs in this coun-try. 
For these reasons, over 60 years ago 
Congress created the Small Business Administration, the SBA, and tasked it with the vital mission of ensuring that small businesses can get the capital they need. 
The Small Business Investment Com-
pany, or SBIC, program is a public-pri-vate partnership that provides small businesses access to equity and debt fi-
nancing. 
It has been extremely successful over 
the years providing billions in private capital to help promising businesses grow into household names. Pandora, Whole Foods, Apple, even Nike, were all small businesses that received early financing from the SBIC program. 
In fiscal year 2014 alone, SBICs in-
vested $5.46 billion in small firms that employ approximately 113,000 workers all across America. In my home State 
of Ohio, more than 2,000 people have jobs today because the SBIC program helped small businesses there in Ohio access the resources that they needed to grow. 
Under current law, successful SBICs 
under common control, frequently called the family of funds, are limited in the amount of funds they can pro-vide to small businesses. 
By merely raising this cap from $225 
million to $350 million, as this legisla-tion would do, we could stimulate up to $750 million a year in capital that would be available to the next Nike or Apple. Given the volatile fiscal cli-mate, we can all agree that small busi-nesses would benefit from such a valu-able increase in private investment. 
H.R. 1023 increases this flow of pri-
vate funds to small businesses at no cost—let me repeat—no cost to the tax-payer. The committee passed this bill with bipartisan support, both Repub-lican and Democrat support. 
I want to thank several members of 
the Committee on Small Business for their support and work on this bill, in-cluding Representatives B
OST, C HU, 
CURBELO , G IBSON , H AHN, H ANNA , 
KNIGHT , LAWRENCE , LUETKEMEYER , and 
MENG. 
I would urge my colleagues to sup-
port H.R. 1023. 
I want to thank I LEANA —I want to 
thank N YDIA VELA´ZQUEZ for her strong 
leadership on this bill and much of the other bipartisan work that we have done in the committee. I
LEANA is an-
other Member who I strongly support and admire greatly. 
At this point, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
I, too, want to thank the chairman of 
the Small Business Committee for working in a bipartisan way to craft this legislation. 
Indeed, I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN is a 
good friend of mine from Florida. So I don’t take any offense. 
Small business investment compa-
nies have assisted thousands of high- growth companies over the years, pro-viding nearly $75 billion in capital. 
By design, the program fills the gap 
in the capital markets for business that has outgrown the SBA’s 7(a) guar-anteed loan program, but remain too small or too risky for traditional pri-vate equity markets to bear. 
SBICs operate in a unique public-pri-
vate partnership with SBA. Once man-agers raise enough private capital, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.008 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5096 July 13, 2015 
agency provides matching funds, which 
are pooled together and invested in high-growth small businesses. 
To maximize the impact of the pro-
gram, the most successful fund man-agers are permitted to hold more than one SBIC license at a time, known as a family of funds, with the benefit of drawing additional SBA leverage. 
The current leverage caps, imple-
mented in 2010, allow single licensees to draw $175 million and family-of-fund licensees to draw $225 million. H.R. 1023, the Small Business Investment Company Capital Act of 2015, would in-crease that cap by an additional 55 per-cent to $350 million. 
According to SBA data, only seven 
SBICs would be able to take advantage of the increase, limiting the actual amount of capital that will reach our small business community. The rough-ly 150 other SBIC families are unlikely to ever need this increase. 
Similarly, concentrating additional 
taxpayer-backed leverage in just a few asset managers necessitates the need for more oversight. I look forward to working with the chairman to strike the right balance ensuring this capital is deployed efficiently, but with less 
risk. 
The SBIC program has done a lot of 
good for the small business community over the years. In fact, since 2010, SBICs have quadrupled their output to over $3.4 billion last year alone, but it is still coming up short in its assist-ance to women, minorities, and vet-erans. 
These groups receive just 6 percent of 
total SBIC capital. It is my hope, as we work with the Senate on finalized lan-guage, steps can be taken to address this inequity. 
Providing ways to get more capital 
into the hands of small business owners is a top priority for both sides of the aisle in this committee. 
I want to thank Chairman C
HABOT for 
introducing this legislation, and I am hopeful the increase in leverage will provide new capital opportunities to entrepreneurs from every walk of life. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
OL-
LINS). 
Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1023, the Small Business Investment Company Capital Act of 2015. 
Small businesses serve as America’s 
economic engine, driving essential job creation. In my Western New York dis-trict, small businesses provide the good-paying jobs that people need to support their families. However, we need to do more to encourage small business growth. 
This legislation aids the SBIC pro-
gram, which utilizes private invest-ment funds to provide long-term loans and capital to small businesses in need. Without this vital program, many of the small businesses in our country would not be able to succeed. Since inception, the SBIC program 
has invested $73 billion in more than 118,000 U.S. small businesses. In west-ern New York, this program has sup-ported companies like Gemcor in West Seneca and Synacor in Buffalo and is critical to the jobs they provide. 
This crucial investment is why I urge 
my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1023. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I am 
prepared to close, and I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Since its creation in 1958, the SBIC 
program has injected billions of dollars into promising startups and small busi-nesses. 
With the help of the SBIC, some of 
these small businesses grow into For-tune 500 companies. Apple, Inc., was once an SBIC client. Today it is one of the largest companies in the world by market capitalization. 
By providing businesses with capital 
to grow, the SBIC program has also been a driver of job creation. In 2014 alone, the program helped create or re-tain 113,000 jobs. 
I look forward to working with the 
chairman and our colleagues in the Senate on this legislation. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, let me just 
reiterate the impact this minor change could have on small businesses all across this country. 
H.R. 1023 would increase the amount 
of capital available to small business and enable well-managed SBICs, at no cost to the taxpayer, to increase in-vestment in small businesses. 
This legislation is a commonsense, 
bipartisan reform, and I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1023. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of H.R. 1023, the Small Business In-vestment Company Capital Act. As a co-spon-sor of this bi-partisan legislation and a mem-ber of the Small Business Committee, I recog-nize the importance of supporting small busi-nesses and providing them with resources for success. This bill provides small businesses with such tools by raising the maximum debt that the Small Business Administration can guarantee to borrowers in the Small Business Investment Company, or SBIC program, from $225 million to $350 million. 
Currently, 30% of SBICs in the program are 
hitting or approaching the $225 million cap, thus restricting them from further investment. This bill will allow SBICs to increase its cap by $125 million, allowing it to invest in many un-derserved companies, including those led by minorities, women, and veterans. 
The Congressional Budget Office has stated 
that by adopting this bill, there is no expected additional cost to administer the program, nor will there be an additional cost to the taxpayer as businesses participating in the program pay fees that would offset such costs. 
In the last five years, SBICs have invested 
more than $1.6 billion in my home state of New York. Last year alone, over $5.46 billion was invested in 1,085 companies and SBICs supported over 113,000 jobs. As we continue 
to work to get our economy back on track, we must join together to support small busi-nesses, which drive our nation’s economy. 
This bill previously passed in the House of 
Representatives as H.R. 6504 in the 112th Congress. I urge my colleagues to, once again, vote in support of this bill that supports our nation’s small businesses. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of New York). The question is on 
the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1023. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SUPERSTORM SANDY RELIEF AND 
DISASTER LOAN PROGRAM IM-PROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 208) to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to establish a program to make loans to certain businesses, homeowners, and renters affected by Superstorm Sandy, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 208 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Superstorm 
Sandy Relief and Disaster Loan Program Im-provement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) In 2012, Superstorm Sandy caused substan-
tial physical and economic damage to the United States, and New York in particular. 
(2) For businesses and homeowners, the pri-
mary means of obtaining long-term Federal fi-nancial assistance in the wake of disasters such as Superstorm Sandy is through the Small Busi-ness Administration’s Disaster Loan Program. 
(3) With regard to the Small Business Admin-
istration’s operation of the Disaster Loan Pro-gram after Superstorm Sandy, the Government Accountability Office found that the Adminis-tration did not meet its timeliness goals for proc-essing business loan applications. 
(4) According to the Government Account-
ability Office, the Small Business Administra-tion stated that it was challenged by an unex-pectedly high volume of loan applications that it received early in its response to Superstorm Sandy. 
(5) As a result, many businesses and home-
owners affected by Superstorm Sandy were un-able to apply for financing from the Small Busi-ness Administration. 
SEC. 3. REVISED DISASTER DEADLINE. 
Section 7(d) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(8) D
ISASTER LOANS FOR SUPERSTORM  
SANDY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, and subject to the same re-quirements and procedures that are used to make loans pursuant to subsection (b), a small business concern, homeowner, or renter that was located within an area and during the time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.014 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5097 July 13, 2015 
period with respect to which a major disaster 
was declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) by reason of Superstorm Sandy may apply to the Administrator— 
‘‘(i) for a loan to repair, rehabilitate, or re-
place property damaged or destroyed by reason of Superstorm Sandy; or 
‘‘(ii) if such a small business concern has suf-
fered substantial economic injury by reason of Superstorm Sandy, for a loan to assist such a small business concern. 
‘‘(B) T
IMING .—The Administrator shall select 
loan recipients and make available loans for a period of not less than 1 year after the date on which the Administrator carries out this author-ity.’’. 
SEC. 4. USE OF PHYSICAL DAMAGE DISASTER 
LOANS TO CONSTRUCT SAFE ROOMS. 
Section 7(b)(1)(A) of the Small Business Act 
(15 U.S.C. 636(b)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘mitigating measures’’ and all that follows through ‘‘modifying structures’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘mitigating measures, including— 
‘‘(i) construction of retaining walls and sea 
walls; 
‘‘(ii) grading and contouring land; and ‘‘(iii) relocating utilities and modifying struc-
tures, including construction of a safe room or similar storm shelter designed to protect prop-erty and occupants from tornadoes or other nat-ural disasters’’. 
SEC. 5. COLLATERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR SMALL 
BUSINESS CONCERNS. 
Section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(b)) is amended by inserting after paragraph (9) the following: 
‘‘(10) C
OLLATERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR SMALL  
BUSINESSES .—In the case of a loan made pursu-
ant to this subsection in an amount not greater than $250,000, the Administrator may not re-quire a borrower to pledge his or her primary residence as collateral if— 
‘‘(A) other collateral exists, including assets 
related to the operation of a business; and 
‘‘(B) such an option does not delay the Ad-
ministrator’s processing of disaster applications for a disaster.’’. 
SEC. 6. REDUCING DELAYS ON CLOSING AND DIS-
BURSEMENT OF LOANS. 
Section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(b)) is further amended by inserting after paragraph (10) (as added by section 5) the following: 
‘‘(11) R
EDUCING CLOSING AND DISBURSEMENT  
DELAYS .—The Administrator shall provide a 
clear and concise notification on all application materials for loans made under this subsection and on relevant websites notifying an applicant that the applicant may submit all documenta-tion necessary for the approval of the loan at the time of application and that failure to sub-mit all documentation could delay the approval and disbursement of the loan.’’. 
SEC. 7. INCREASING TRANSPARENCY IN LOAN AP-
PROVALS. 
Section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(b)) is further amended by inserting after paragraph (11) (as added by section 6) the following: 
‘‘(12) I
NCREASING TRANSPARENCY IN LOAN AP -
PROVALS .—The Administrator shall establish 
and implement clear, written policies and proce-dures for analyzing the ability of a loan appli-cant to repay a loan made under this sub-section.’’. 
SEC. 8. SAFEGUARDING TAXPAYERS’ INTERESTS. 
Section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(b)) is further amended by inserting after paragraph (12) (as added by section 7) the following: 
‘‘(13) E
NSURING ACCOUNTABILITY IN LOAN AP -
PROVALS .—The Administrator shall establish re-
quirements for the approval of economic injury disaster loan assistance made available pursu-ant to paragraph (2), which shall include the re-view of applicant eligibility and shall require 
that all supporting documentation is submitted prior to loan approval. The Administrator shall require that personnel involved in the approval of such loans be trained on such procedures.’’. 
SEC. 9. DISASTER PERFORMANCE MEASURES. 
Section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(b)) is further amended by inserting after paragraph (13) (as added by section 8) the following: 
‘‘(14) R
EPORTING ON DISASTER PERFORMANCE  
MEASURES .—The Administrator shall report the 
average processing time for all other disaster loan applications, including disaggregated data on disaster loan applications that were declined by the Administration’s automated disaster processing system and applications in which the Administrator performed loss verification. For each disaster described in paragraph (2), the Administrator shall report such average proc-essing times on its website and to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate.’’. 
SEC. 10. DISASTER PLAN IMPROVEMENTS. 
The Administrator of the Small Business Ad-
ministration shall revise the comprehensive writ-ten disaster response plan required in section 40 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657l), or any successor thereto, to incorporate the Admin-istration’s response to a situation in which an extreme volume of applications are received dur-ing the period of time immediately after a dis-aster, which shall include a plan to ensure that sufficient human and technological resources are made available and a plan to prevent delays in loan processing. 
SEC. 11. REPORT TO CONGRESS ON IMPLEMENTA-
TION OF CERTAIN PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NITIAL REPORT .—The Administrator of 
the Small Business Administration shall report to Congress not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act on the implementation and status of the private disaster loan program established in section 7(c) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(c)), the Immediate Disaster Assistance program established in section 42 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 657n), and the expedited dis-aster assistance business loan program estab-lished in section 12085 of the Small Business Dis-aster Response and Loan Improvements Act of 2008 (15 U.S.C. 636j). 
(b) R
EQUIRED CONSULTATION WITHDEPOSI -
TORY INSTITUTIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS .—The 
Administrator shall require the Associate Ad-ministrator for the Office of Disaster Assistance to consult with depository institutions (as de-fined in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813)) and credit unions re-garding their potential participation in any of the programs described in subsection (a). 
(c) R
EPORT ON CONSULTATION .—Not later than 
6 months after date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall report to Congress on the consultation required under subsection (b). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentle-
woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. A natural disaster exposes us to the 
worst of nature. Yet, in some powerful way, it brings out the best in people. Communities ban together. Neighbors help neighbors, and volunteers donate their time and energy all in an effort to rebuild. 
In the last decade, America has faced 
some of its worst natural disasters, with Hurricane Katrina in 2005 and, more recently, Hurricane Sandy in 2012. 
In the aftermath of any disaster, it is 
imperative that the Federal Govern-ment programs operate as efficiently and effectively as possible so that vic-tims are able to rebuild and return to their normal lives as soon as possible. 
Following Hurricane Sandy, there 
have been startling reports regarding the Small Business Administration’s inability to properly administer the disaster loan program. The SBA was unwilling to implement and utilize pre-existing statutory authority that would have assisted the agency in its response to Sandy. 
b1615 
Mr. Speaker, despite our living in the 
Internet era with smartphones, email, and apps, the SBA was shocked and surprised at the volume of electronic disaster assistance applications it re-ceived, and the systems were over-whelmed and unable to process applica-tions. In a poor pun, the SBA’s disaster loan program was a disaster itself for the victims of Hurricane Sandy. 
The legislation before us, H.R. 208, is 
a corrective to those who suffered twice—first, by a disaster and, second, by the SBA’s inability to effectively provide disaster assistance. 
As Congress did with those who suf-
fered from Hurricanes Katrina, Rita, and Wilma, this legislation would allow those in the areas affected by Sandy to apply for disaster assistance, irrespective of the artificial and non-binding deadlines imposed by the SBA. 
Further, given the struggles that the 
SBA had in responding to Hurricane Sandy, H.R. 208 makes practical changes to the disaster loan program to help ensure that victims of future disasters do not suffer as those who felt the brunt of Sandy did. 
For example, H.R. 208 requires the 
SBA to update their disaster plan to account for a disaster with extreme ap-plication volumes and allows those af-fected by disasters to use SBA disaster loans to build safe rooms as a miti-gating measure against future similar disasters. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation also 
makes smart changes to create parity among disaster victims by requiring the SBA to establish credit standards so that similarly situated borrowers are treated in an identical manner fol-lowing a disaster. 
These changes, among others, will 
ensure that the SBA is fully capable of responding to the next catastrophic disaster. Unfortunately, we all know there will be one or probably many. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY7.004 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5098 July 13, 2015 
I want to thank Ranking Member 
VELA´ZQUEZ , once again, for her leader-
ship on this issue and for working with me to develop a bill that strives to en-sure those affected by disasters can re-build quickly. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill has broad, bi-
partisan support. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 208, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, when 
Hurricane Sandy made landfall in 2012, New York City was one of the hardest hit areas. Thousands of homes suffered damage, infrastructure was disrupted, and our city’s small businesses were impacted physically and economically. 
Mr. Speaker, 32,000 New Yorkers lost 
their jobs that November, losses many economists attribute to the storm’s economic impact. After disasters like these, it is not uncommon for as many as 40 percent of impacted small busi-nesses to fail, depressing commerce and slowing the overall community’s recovery. 
The Small Business Administration’s 
disaster lending functions are meant to provide quick credit to small firms and homeowners that have been impacted by catastrophes. With entrepreneurs’ and homeowners’ livelihoods at stake, it is vital that the SBA’s disaster pro-grams operate effectively. That is why, in 2008, after Katrina, Congress passed reforms meant to improve SBA’s dis-aster response. 
It became evident after Hurricane 
Sandy that there is still more work to be done. The Government Account-ability Office, the inspector general, and reports from Small Business Com-mittee Democrats have all documented long delays in the processing and dis-bursement of loans. 
Our committee found, for instance, 
that small businesses waited 46 days to get their application processed by SBA, a threefold increase over previous At-lantic storms. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 208 takes steps to 
address these shortcomings and ensure those affected by Hurricane Sandy are treated fairly. To begin, the bill would allow small businesses to apply again for loans. As SBA was so unprepared for a disaster of this scale, it is impor-tant that those impacted have another 
chance at securing assistance. 
The bill would also correct a number 
of the shortcomings that have held back the SBA’s programs from func-tioning smoothly. Businesses will no longer be prohibited from posting their assets as collateral. This is important as, previously, many entrepreneurs have had to use personal assets for loan collateral. By reducing closing and dis-bursement delays, H.R. 208 would en-sure funds flow more swiftly to busi-nesses after future catastrophes. 
Lastly, the measure takes steps to 
require SBA to implement reforms Congress passed following Katrina. The fact is the agency has been woefully slow in making these changes, and this law will help hold it accountable. 
Mr. Speaker, our small businesses are 
counting on the SBA in times of crises to provide badly needed help so they 
can recover quickly and continue sup-porting our local economies. This legis-lation, which enjoys bipartisan sup-port, will help improve that process, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. Speaker, when disasters strike, 
getting small businesses back on their feet quickly can help local economies recover. For that to happen, the SBA’s disaster lending initiatives must work as intended, providing American cap-ital to firms that have suffered phys-ical and economic damage. 
The legislation we are considering 
would allow businesses that encoun-tered delays to reapply for assistance and be made whole. It will improve how the agency functions in the future, speeding help to small businesses and homeowners when they are most in need. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a bipartisan bill, 
and it will do much good for entre-preneurs impacted by Sandy and for businesses impacted by future disas-ters. I thank Chairman C
HABOT for his 
support on this legislation. 
I encourage my colleagues to vote 
‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, in clos-
ing, we never know when and where the next disaster will strike, but, unfortu-nately, we do know that there will be more disasters. Given this, we must en-sure that the SBA is truly prepared to help victims in the aftermath of those disasters. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 208 rights the 
wrongs imposed by the SBA on those who suffered from the effects of Sandy, but H.R. 208 does more than just cor-rect past mistakes; it imposes obliga-tions on the SBA to ensure that the agency learns from history and does not repeat those mistakes so people in this country are actually helped next time and not harmed by the agency. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, 
earlier today I was pleased to support the Superstorm Sandy Relief and Disaster Loan Program Improvement Act (H.R. 208). This legislation will provide assistance to both homeowners and businesses that were utterly failed by the Small Business Administration (SBA) in the aftermath of the Superstorm Sandy, opening up assistance eligibility for an additional year and making necessary changes to the Disaster Loan Program. 
Last week, I had the privilege of testifying 
before the House Small Business Committee regarding the hardships now faced by home-owners who applied for SBA disaster assist-ance due to a complete lack of information and disclosure in the loan process. This bill will help those who did not even have the op-portunity to obtain or file a loan application due to SBA’s serious incompetence and dis-organization. 
As the Government Accountability Office 
(GAO) reported, SBA missed its timeliness goals by a longshot and is likely still unpre-pared for another large-scale disaster. SBA was plagued by missed deadlines, decision backlogs, computer systems failures, and in-sufficient personnel training—problems that 
should not have come as a surprise in the aftermath of SBA’s abysmal response to Hurri-cane Katrina. Further, GAO found SBA could once again ‘‘be unprepared for a large volume of applications to be submitted quickly fol-lowing future disasters, which may result in delays in loan funds for disaster victims.’’ 
These failures cannot continue. Here we are 
more than two and a half years following Sandy, still correcting failures that have slowed the recovery process. In May, the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) reopened all Sandy-related flood insurance claims due to widespread fraud and a com-plete lack of oversight of the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP). These issues were completely foreseeable but were not ad-dressed, and Sandy victims continue to suffer as a result. 
In addition to reopening the loan application 
process, H.R. 208 will reduce delays in closing and disbursement on loans, allow the con-struction of safe rooms, modify collateral re-quirements, increase transparency, establish new performance measures, and require dis-aster plan improvements, among other com-monsense changes. I commend Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Chairman C HABOT for their 
leadership on this issue, and look forward to working with them to further address nec-essary reforms to the SBA Disaster Loan Pro-gram. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of H.R. 208, Superstorm Sandy Relief and Disaster Loan Program Improvement Act of 2015. I appreciate the support and assist-ance of both Chairman C
HABOT and Ranking 
Member V ELA´ZQUEZ to include my legislation, 
H.R. 2397, the Tornado Family Safety Act of 2015 as part of this legislation. 
The Small Business Administration is cur-
rently afforded the authority to issue physical disaster loans for 120 percent of the value of property destroyed but not covered by insur-ance. The purpose of the additional 20 per-cent is so that individuals and business can modify structures to reduce damage from fu-ture disasters. In Oklahoma, the threat of tor-nadoes is ongoing, and we are always in be-tween tornadoes. Planning is essential in order to militate against damage and loss of life. 
It is for this reason that Section 4 is nec-
essary. It reinforces the intent of Congress that already exists in statute—the SBA should already be including the construction of safe rooms as a use for physical disaster loans be-cause it is mitigating measure. The SBA’s ex-isting interpretation of existing language in the Small Business Act is incorrect. 
Because of misinterpretation of this section 
previously, the SBA should now understand that physical disaster loans can also be used for other types of storm shelters as well, in-cluding, but not limited to structures that pro-tect occupants from not only tornadoes, but from other natural disasters such as hurri-canes, floods and wildfires. 
It is important to note that loans may not be 
used to upgrade homes or make additions un-less as required by local building codes and secondary or vacation homes are not eligible for these loans. The SBA does not duplicate insurance claim payments. Generally, loans are made over 30 years and interest rates are not more than 4 percent for those cannot ob-tain credit elsewhere and for those that can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.018 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5099 July 13, 2015 
obtain alternative credit, the rate does not ex-
ceed 8 percent for the loan. 
While local and state governments have an 
obligation to meet the increase in shelter de-mand, the construction of the shelters is ex-pensive. Under guidelines from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and the International Code Council (ICC), a safe room should withstand 250 mph winds and the impact of a 15–pound plank hitting a wall at 100 mph, according to the Insurance Institute for Business and Home Safety. 
Safe rooms designed to the FEMA and ICC 
standards are recommended for both torna-does and hurricanes. For individual homes, a safe room could range anywhere from $3,000 to $12,000. 
For anyone who has experienced Mother 
Nature’s most indiscriminate and unpredictable terrors, you can truly understand the extent to which they devastate lives and property. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, I support Superstorm 
Sandy Relief and Disaster Loan Program Im-provement Act of 2015. As I have stated be-fore on the floor of the House, I hope every Member reflects on the situation of our fellow Americans during a time of crisis or disaster. While we may hope that our communities re-main peaceful and safe from crisis; we cer-tainly must support those that do not escape such natural and man-made calamities. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 208, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to improve the dis-aster assistance programs of the Small Business Administration.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MICROLOAN MODERNIZATION ACT 
OF 2015 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2670) to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to provide for expanded par-ticipation in the microloan program, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2670 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Microloan 
Modernization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. WAIVERS OF 25/75 RULE. 
(a) W AIVER AUTHORIZED .—Section 
7(m)(4)(E)(i) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(4)(E)(i)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Administrator shall by rule establish a process by which intermediaries may apply for and the Admin-istrator may grant a waiver from the re-quirements of this clause.’’. 
(b) C
ONTENTS OF RULE.—In the rule re-
quired by the amendment made by sub-section (a), the Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall require any applicant for a waiver to— (1) to specify how such applicant will use 
the additional technical assistance; and 
(2) provide assurance in a form provided for 
by the Administrator in the rule that the intermediary will have sufficient funds to provide technical assistance to all of the intermediary’s borrowers. 
(c) R
ULEMAKING REQUIREMENTS .—The rule 
required by subsection (a) shall be promul-gated after notice and the opportunity for comment of not less than 60 days. Such regu-lation shall be codified in the Code of Fed-eral Regulations and shall incorporate any delegation of the Administrator’s authority to approve waivers to any appropriate sub-sidiary official. 
SEC. 3. MICROLOAN INTERMEDIARY LENDING 
LIMIT INCREASED. 
Section 7(m)(3)(C) of the Small Business 
Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(3)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$6,000,000’’. 
SEC. 4. EXTENDED REPAYMENT TERMS. 
Section 7(m)(6) of the Small Business Act 
(15 U.S.C. 636(m)(6)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) R
EPAYMENT TERMS FOR LOANS TO  
SMALL BUSINESSES .—The Administrator may 
not impose limitations on the term for re-payment of a loan made by an intermediary to a small business concern or entrepreneur, except that— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a loan made by an inter-
mediary of $10,000 or less, the repayment term shall be not more than 6 years; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a loan greater than 
$10,000, the repayment term shall be not more than 10 years.’’. 
SEC. 5. LINES OF CREDIT AUTHORIZED. 
Section 7(m)(6)(A) of the Small Business 
Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(6)(A)) is amended by in-serting after ‘‘short-term’’ insert ‘‘(including lines of credit)’’. 
SEC. 6. GAO STUDY OF MICROENTERPRISE PAR-
TICIPATION. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall complete a study on and report to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representa-tives on the following: 
(1) The operations (including services pro-
vided, structure, size, and area of operation) of a representative sample of— 
(A) intermediaries that are eligible for par-
ticipation in the microloan program under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act and that do participate; and 
(B) intermediaries (including those oper-
ated for profit, operated as non-profits, and those affiliated with a United States institu-tion of higher learning) that are so eligible and that do not participate. 
(2) The reasons why intermediaries de-
scribed in paragraph (1)(B) choose not to par-ticipate. 
(3) Recommendations on how to encourage 
increased participation in the microloan pro-gram by intermediaries described in para-graph (1)(B). 
(4) Recommendations on how to decrease 
the costs associated with participation in the microloan program for eligible inter-mediaries. 
SEC. 7. OFFICE OF ADVOCACY ECONOMIC STUDY 
OF MANDATORY SAVINGS REQUIRE-MENT. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administra-tion shall submit to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report on the economic impact of a manda-tory savings requirement on business con-cerns eligible to participate in the microloan program under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act, including on the benefits and costs of such a requirement and rec-
ommendations on implementation of such a requirement. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentle-
woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the microloan program, 
overseen by the Small Business Admin-istration, the SBA, is designed to pro-vide credit for those entrepreneurs that would not otherwise have any access to credit, even basic revolving credit. 
Among the SBA’s capital access pro-
grams, the microloan program is unique because it also provides tech-nical assistance to borrowers. It merges the money with the know-how. 
To borrow a sports reference, 
microloans punch above their weight. I know the President has used that phrase on a number of occasions. These small-dollar loans are often the most difficult to receive and typically are the deciding factors in an entre-preneur’s ability to start a business. This is demonstrated by the large num-ber of first generation entrepreneurs who have received assistance under the microloan program. 
Think about the number of successful 
individuals who recall starting a busi-ness with funds pooled from family and friends. Well, if no one in your family has started a business or has money to lend, then that entrepreneur’s dream quickly fades to a distant memory. This is particularly true in tradition-ally underserved markets. 
By making small-dollar loans less 
complicated and more accessible, we will empower individuals to become en-trepreneurs; lift up their families; im-prove their communities; and, most importantly, create jobs for a whole lot of Americans. 
H.R. 2670 does that. This bill en-
hances the microloan program by al-lowing microloan intermediaries great-er flexibility in providing loans and 
technical assistance to their borrowers. The expectation is that the greater flexibility will result in greater par-ticipation by microlenders in the microloan program, thereby increasing the availability of critical small-dollar loans to these micro-entrepreneurs that punch above their size. 
Despite the greater flexibility, H.R. 
2670 also provides safeguards to main-tain the primary feature of the pro-gram, and that is low-dollar loans of-fered to micro-entrepreneurs, along 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY7.005 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5100 July 13, 2015 
with intermediary-provided technical 
assistance. 
By modernizing the microloan pro-
gram, as H.R. 2670 does, we are allow-ing the little guy a chance to get off the ropes, use their skills, and create innovative ideas to compete with the heavyweights of American industry. We all strive for a stronger, more com-petitive economy; and this bill aids in that mission. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill has broad, bi-
partisan support once again. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on H.R. 2670, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, since 1991, the SBA 
microloan program has provided mil-lions of dollars in financing and tech-nical assistance to small businesses and entrepreneurs. 
By providing loans to nonprofit 
intermediaries, who in turn lend funds to the smallest of small businesses, the program helps borrowers streamline their operations, grow to profitability, and create new jobs. 
However, the program remains sub-
stantially the same as when it was first enacted. Over the years, we have iden-tified a number of the program ele-ments that could be updated to better deploy capital. 
With that goal in mind, I want to 
thank Congressman M
OULTON for intro-
ducing this important legislation. The Microloan Modernization Act of 2015 will make a number of targeted im-provements to assist small businesses. 
For borrowers, SBA set the max-
imum term of a microloan at 6 years. Particularly for larger microloans, this has caused financial strain due to high-er monthly payments and is impeding some businesses from growing. 
Today’s bill would allow a repayment 
period of up to 10 years for loans great-er than $10,000, providing borrowers with the flexibility to better manage cash flow, improve operations, and cre-ate more jobs. Similarly, SBA has pro-hibited lines of credit; yet not all busi-nesses need a fixed-rate term loan. 
A line of credit is sometimes the bet-
ter product for a microbusiness that has cyclic or uneven cash flow. Today’s bill will give borrowers and lenders the flexibility to get them in the right loan product for their needs. 
For intermediary lenders, today’s bill 
would create a new waiver to the 25–75 rule that restricts the use of technical assistance grants. This waiver process will help intermediaries more effi-ciently deploy technical assistance funding. 
Additionally, the legislation will 
raise the lending cap by 20 percent. By giving successful intermediaries access to an additional $1 million in SBA funding, they will be able to serve more borrowers in high-demand areas. 
The microloan program fills a crit-
ical gap in the capital markets, helping underserved businesses that are too small for the banking sector yet too 
big to finance with a credit card or loans from friends and family. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
thank Mr. M
OULTON for introducing 
this bill. It will go a long way toward increasing access to capital for our Na-tion’s small businesses. 
Mr. Speaker, I just would like to 
point out the fact that 62 percent of microborrowers are women and minori-ties, and so this is filling an important gap that exists for these groups to ac-cess capital. 
b1630 
I thank the gentleman for intro-
ducing this important piece of legisla-tion, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ), who is the chairman of 
the Subcommittee on Agriculture, En-ergy and Trade of the Committee on Small Business. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I thank the chairman of the Com-mittee on Small Business for yielding, and I also thank him for his leadership on all of these important issues. I also want to commend the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ) for his 
work on this important piece of legisla-tion. 
Today, I rise in support of H.R. 2670, 
the Microloan Modernization Act of 2015. The microloan program is unique due to its focus on merging technical assistance with access to capital. For several micro-entrepreneurs, particu-larly those in underserved markets, this offers a way to get the small dollar loans, which a conventional bank would otherwise deny, while learning important skills, such as developing a business plan, that will be critical as the company finds success and grows. 
Last year alone, the microloan pro-
gram was responsible for providing nearly $56 million in capital and aiding small businesses in creating or retain-ing 15,000 jobs. 
However, after listening to several 
entrepreneurs and microloan inter-mediaries, it became clear that for the microloan program to truly tap into its potential, changes were necessary. 
H.R. 2670 strives to make those 
changes and better support entre-preneurs. For example, currently, the statute says that microloan inter-mediaries may make short-term fixed- rate loans to small firms. Short term can mean different things to different people, but according to SBA regula-tions, short term means 6 years. 
While in some instances this may 
make sense when the loan is a lower amount, this one-size-fits-all approach is not beneficial to small firms. This bill would remedy that by establishing maximum term limits for loans made by intermediaries to their borrowers: 6 years for loans under $10,000, and 10 years for loans over $10,000. 
While this may seem like a minor 
change, we all know that allowing bor-rowers to get the best repayment terms 
possible is crucial for ensuring low de-fault rates and increasing participation in the microloan program. 
Mr. Speaker, in summary, this is a 
commonsense, bipartisan reform that will increase access to capital for those most challenged to receive—our micro- entrepreneurs. 
I am proud to be a cosponsor of this 
legislation, and I congratulate Mr. M
OULTON for advancing this bill and 
Chairman C HABOT for bringing it to the 
House floor. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
2670 and remind them that the reason we in the Small Business Committee work so hard for these entrepreneurs, for these people that are making a dif-ference, is because they hire those in our society, in our communities, that most need jobs. Think of the college graduate who is looking for a job; think of the immigrant who arrived in this country and is looking for a way forward. It is small businesses that of-tentimes give these people their first shot at success. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ), the sponsor of the leg-
islation. 
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, we often say that small 
businesses are the engine of economic growth. That is true; and if you look at the data, new businesses—those young-er than 5 years old—created nearly all of our economy’s new jobs in the past two decades. 
In order to create the conditions for 
job creation, the Federal Government must increase access to capital so new entrepreneurs with a good idea can take a risk and start a new business. The Small Business Administration’s microloan program fills a critical gap in the capital markets, helping under-served businesses that are too small for the banking sector yet too big to fi-nance with a credit card or loans from friends and family. 
The program has provided hundreds 
of millions of dollars in financing and technical assistance to small busi-nesses and entrepreneurs, but the pro-gram is in need of reform. That is why I introduced H.R. 2670, the Microloan Modernization Act of 2015, which will make a number of targeted improve-ments to the program so more bor-rowers can benefit from access to cap-ital. 
First, the bill increases the loan 
limit cap for intermediary lenders. Many successful intermediaries have hit the current $5 million cap and, as a result, deserving small businesses are denied capital through no fault of their own. 
Second, the bill extends the loan re-
payment period for loans greater than $10,000. This small change will provide borrowers with the flexibility to better manage cash flow, improve operations, and create more jobs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.020 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5101 July 13, 2015 
Third, the bill permits lines of credit, 
which are currently prohibited by the SBA. Not all businesses need a fixed- rate term loan. Sometimes a more flexible line of credit is the better product for a small business that has cyclic or uneven cash flow. 
Fourth, the bill creates a waiver for 
an overly rigid technical assistance formula known as the 25/75 rule to help intermediaries deploy technical assist-ance more efficiently. 
Lastly, the bill commissions two 
studies to explore ways to incentivize intermediaries to participate in the microloan program and determine if mandatory savings accounts would benefit entrepreneurs. 
The microloan program supported 
nearly 4,000 small businesses just last year, and two of these successful busi-nesses are located in Lynn, Massachu-setts, in my district. Prism Products, an industrial distributor, received a microloan from the SBA to purchase extra inventory. As a result of the loan, owner Lisa Fitzpatrick was able to increase revenue and hire a sales professional with 15 years of experi-ence. 
In 2013, local restaurateurs Shawn 
and Noyan Edmond fulfilled their life-long dream of opening a Caribbean res-taurant in downtown Lynn. The microloan enabled the Edmonds to pur-chase new kitchen equipment and make renovations to the storefront of Rite Spice Caribbean. 
As our economy recovers from the re-
cession, we need more people like the Edmonds and Lisa Fitzpatrick to take a risk and start a business, and we need the SBA microloan program to help them. That is why the Microloan Mod-ernization Act of 2015 is so critical. 
In closing, I would like to thank my 
ranking member, N
YDIA VELA´ZQUEZ , for 
her work on this bill; my chairman, S
TEVE CHABOT ; and my colleagues, Rep-
resentatives C URBELO , CHU, TAKAI, and 
RADEWAGEN , for cosponsoring this bill. 
I urge my colleagues to support 
America’s newest entrepreneurs and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important legisla-tion. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
The microloan program provides very 
small loans to start-up, newly estab-lished, or growing small businesses. Many of these businessowners come from traditionally underserved mar-kets, where personal and commercial credit is hard to come by. 
As a result, the SBA’s microloan pro-
gram is a critical resource that not only injects much-needed capital, but provides the necessary business train-ing that ensures borrowers are equipped with the knowledge needed to succeed. 
Since the end of the recession, micro-
lending is up 25 percent nationwide. By the way, for the last couple of years, the default rate on microloans is going down. In fact, SBA requested an addi-
tional $10 million for next year to han-dle demand. I can think of no better time to make long-sought changes to improve the program’s efficiency and capital deployment. 
I wanted to thank the gentleman 
from Massachusetts for introducing the Microloan Modernization Act of 2015. It will give borrowers new repayment flexibility and loan choices, provide more flexibility to intermediaries, and inject additional capital in high-de-mand areas. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, as we work 
to get capital into the hands of entre-preneurs, we need to keep SBA pro-grams relevant. We also must ensure that our lending partners have the flexibility to manage their loan port-folios in a way that makes the most sense for the borrower. H.R. 2670 does that. 
I want to thank Mr. M
OULTON and 
Mr. C URBELO for their leadership on 
these reforms. And I once again want to recognize the ranking member, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , for her leadership and her 
cooperation in getting this type of leg-islation to the floor today so that we can pass this. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
2670, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2670. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
VETERANS ENTREPRENEURSHIP 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2499) to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs, to help cre-ate jobs, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2499 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Entre-
preneurship Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PERMANENT SBA EXPRESS LOAN GUAR-
ANTEE FEE WAIVER FOR VETERANS. 
Section 7(a)(31) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(a)(31)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(G) G
UARANTEE FEE WAIVER FOR VETERANS .— 
‘‘(i) G UARANTEE FEE WAIVER .—The Adminis-
trator may not collect a guarantee fee described in paragraph (18) in connection with a loan made under this paragraph to a veteran or spouse of a veteran on or after October 1, 2015. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—If the President’s budget 
for the upcoming fiscal year, submitted to Con-gress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, includes a cost for the pro-gram established under this subsection that is above zero, the requirements of clause (i) shall not apply to loans made during such upcoming fiscal year. 
‘‘(iii) D
EFINITION .—In this subparagraph, the 
term ‘veteran or spouse of a veteran’ means— 
‘‘(I) a veteran, as defined in section 3(q)(4); ‘‘(II) an individual who is eligible to partici-
pate in the Transition Assistance Program es-tablished under section 1144 of title 10, United States Code; 
‘‘(III) a member of a reserve component of the 
Armed Forces named in section 10101 of title 10, United States Code; 
‘‘(IV) the spouse of an individual described in 
subclause (I), (II), or (III); or 
‘‘(V) the surviving spouse (as defined in sec-
tion 101 of title 38, United States Code) of an in-dividual described in subclause (I), (II), or (III) who died while serving on active duty or as a result of a disability that is service-connected (as defined in such section).’’. 
SEC. 3. REPORT ON ACCESSIBILITY AND OUT-
REACH TO FEMALE VETERANS BY THE SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRA-TION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Administrator shall sub-mit to Congress a report assessing the level of outreach to and consultation with female vet-erans regarding access to capital by women’s business centers (as described in section 29 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656)) and Vet-erans Business Outreach Centers (as referred to in section 32 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 657b)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentle-
woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Every day, American soldiers are 
risking their lives and leaving family and friends and loved ones behind to protect our freedoms and defend the United States. Currently, there are over 21 million veterans living all across the United States. When these brave men and women return home, they strive to transition seamlessly, hopefully, back into their civilian lives. 
Veterans face challenges in that 
transition, one of those being employ-ment. Our most recent veterans who have served in Active Duty at any time since September 2001 have a higher un-employment rate than the average ci-vilian. In particular, our recent female veterans have an unemployment rate that is over twice the national average. 
While finding employment upon tran-
sition to civilian life is a challenge, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.021 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5102 July 13, 2015 
many veterans find that skills learned 
during military service translate well into entrepreneurship. Yet many vet-erans have found it difficult to obtain the funds needed to start a small busi-ness. 
In looking for ways to finance their 
new businesses, veterans may turn to the Small Business Administration, the SBA, for loan assistance. In fiscal year 2014, veterans received over 2,000 7(a) loans, totaling almost $600 million, but I believe we can do more to get these loans into the hands of veterans. Already the SBA Administrator is using her authority to waive certain fees charged to veterans. 
One way to increase veterans’ access 
to capital is to make SBA loans more affordable for veterans by permanently waiving the up-front fee charged by the SBA to borrowers through the agency’s 7(a) express loan program. H.R. 2499 does just that, all at no cost to the tax-payer. 
H.R. 2499 strikes a delicate balance 
between providing a fee waiver to help America’s veterans while safeguarding scarce taxpayer dollars by creating an exception to the fee waiver in any year where an appropriation is necessary to cover the cost of the overall 7(a) loan program. This ensures that this fee waiver will never have a cost to the taxpayer. 
I believe, as many Americans do, 
that we must support our veterans, and this legislation provides support to vet-eran entrepreneurs for years to come at no cost. It is a smart, commonsense approach which had broad bipartisan support and passed out of our com-mittee by a voice vote, meaning basi-cally everyone supported it on the committee. 
Further, this bill has support from 
major veterans’ groups who are well aware of the challenges that brave vet-erans face in transitioning to civilian life. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
2499, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1645 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Veterans play a significant role in 
the U.S. economy. They own 2.4 million businesses, employ 5.8 million people, and have generated well over $1 trillion in receipts. 
Like most small businesses, access to 
capital is still hard to come by, yet is vital to their existence, paving the way for growth and continued job creation. As the Federal Government’s main pro-vider of small business assistance, the SBA guarantees loans to veteran- owned businesses through a number of lending programs. 
In 2013, the agency’s 7(a) program 
provided over 2,000 veterans with loans, totaling $600 million. This, however, represented only 4 percent overall. In an effort to increase veteran lending volume, the SBA has waived the bor-rower fees paid by veterans on small- 
dollar and SBA Express loans. 
In 2014, the impact of the waiver was 
a mixed bag. While veterans saw a 23 percent increase in loans of $150,000 or less, the program experienced an 8 per-cent decrease in veteran loans overall. The initiative has had more success this year with veteran lending seeing a 20 percent increase, which is outpacing the 7(a) program’s overall growth. 
To build on that trend, H.R. 2499 will 
make the fee waiver permanent for vet-erans who are seeking an SBA Express loan. It will reduce costs, spur more veterans to borrow, and, in turn, will grow businesses and create jobs. 
I want to thank Chairman C
HABOT for 
introducing this bill to keep more dol-lars in veteran entrepreneurs’ hands. We know that every little bit counts when trying to start or to grow a small business, and I cannot think of a group that is more deserving than that of our veterans. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. K
NIGHT ). 
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 2499, the Vet-erans Entrepreneurship Act of 2015. 
This will expand opportunities for 
veterans who return home and want to apply their skills and disciplines in starting businesses. 
What we are doing today is talking 
about letting our leaders who are out in the field and are defending our Na-tion come home and do the same thing here, bring their entrepreneurial skills and bring their leadership skills to small business, to the business indus-try, and to do it in the way they have done when protecting the Nation. 
Our fighting men and women are 
uniquely inclined to succeed in busi-ness ventures. They are hard workers and natural leaders and are trained to build teams and to think critically in high-pressure environments. 
Veteran-owned small businesses 
make up about 9 percent of all small firms and nearly 4 million businesses, with average annual revenues of al-most $500,000. These are people who know how to succeed. These are people who know how to lead. 
This bill is just taking away some of 
the obstacles, making it a little bit easier for our leaders to come back into the entrepreneurship of America and succeed. 
While the economic environment is 
improving generally, some of our vets are having a tough time getting access to the funds they need to put their skills into action. 
Particularly, female veterans are 
dealing with outsized obstacles in transitioning to the private sector. The unemployment rate for women warfighters who have come home from Iraq and Afghanistan is 11.4 percent, more than twice that of what our male veterans’ national average is. 
It is time we turned our attention to 
addressing the problems faced by our veteran entrepreneurs, who have made 
such tremendous sacrifices and who want to continue to pursue the Amer-ican Dream. 
This bill takes a prudent, responsible 
step in harnessing their skills and ex-pertise in order to add value to the economy and in lowering the barriers for these trained leaders to get their ideas off the ground. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, in 
closing, the 7(a) loan program provides a critical source of capital for our vet-erans. 
This year the SBA lending to vet-
eran-owned firms is on track to exceed $1 billion for the first time ever. To-day’s bill will save veterans millions of dollars every year at no cost to the taxpayers. 
That means that veteran-owned busi-
nesses can invest or reinvest this money into their businesses. Our Na-tion’s veterans are some of the most prolific small business creators, estab-lishing thousands of firms every year. 
I would like to thank Chairman 
C
HABOT for taking steps to expand ac-
cess to capital for this important group of job creators. I look forward to work-ing with him and our colleagues in the Senate to move this legislation for-ward. 
I would also like to take this oppor-
tunity to thank all of the staff of the Small Business Committee for their hard work, especially a staff member on my side, Justin Pelletier. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. In clos-ing, I would, first of all, like to ac-knowledge that Mr. K
NIGHT , who just 
spoke, is a veteran himself, and we cer-tainly appreciate his service to our country. 
Again, I want to stress that H.R. 2499 
will provide greater assistance to our veterans without imposing any addi-tional costs on taxpayers. 
The enactment of H.R. 2499 then rep-
resents only a small token of the ap-preciation that we can show to our vet-erans as they take their skills learned through service to create small busi-nesses that will help create jobs, thus serving our country a second time. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 2499. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2499, as amended. 
The question was taken. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.024 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5103 July 13, 2015 
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT 
THROUGH TRIBAL LAND EX-CHANGE ACT 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 387) to provide for certain land to be taken into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mission Indians, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 387 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Economic 
Development Through Tribal Land Exchange Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
For the purposes of this Act, the following 
definitions apply: 
(1) B ANNING .—The term ‘‘Banning’’ means 
the City of Banning, which is located in Riv-erside County, California adjacent to the Morongo Indian Reservation. 
(2) F
IELDS .—The term ‘‘Fields’’ means 
Lloyd L. Fields, the owner of record of Par-cel A. 
(3) M
AP.—The term ‘‘map’’ means the map 
entitled ‘Morongo Indian Reservation, Coun-ty of Riverside, State of California Land Ex-change Map’, and dated May 22, 2014, which is on file in the Bureau of Land Management State Office in Sacramento, California. 
(4) P
ARCEL A .—The term ‘‘Parcel A’’ means 
the approximately 41.15 acres designated on the map as ‘‘Fields lands’’. 
(5) P
ARCEL B .—The term ‘‘Parcel B’’ means 
the approximately 41.15 acres designated on the map as ‘‘Morongo lands’’. 
(6) P
ARCEL C .—The term ‘‘Parcel C’’ means 
the approximately 1.21 acres designated on the map as ‘‘Banning land’’. 
(7) P
ARCEL D .—The term ‘‘Parcel D’’ means 
the approximately 1.76 acres designated on the map as ‘‘Easement to Banning’’. 
(8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
(9) T RIBE.—The term ‘‘Tribe’’ means the 
Morongo Band of Mission Indians, a federally recognized Indian tribe. 
SEC. 3. TRANSFER OF LANDS; TRUST LANDS, 
EASEMENT. 
(a) T RANSFER OF PARCEL A AND PARCEL B 
AND EASEMENT OVERPARCEL D.—Subject to 
any valid existing rights of any third parties and to legal review and approval of the form and content of any and all instruments of conveyance and policies of title insurance, upon receipt by the Secretary of confirma-tion that Fields has duly executed and depos-ited with a mutually acceptable and jointly instructed escrow holder in California a deed conveying clear and unencumbered title to Parcel A to the United States in trust for the exclusive use and benefit of the Tribe, and upon receipt by Fields of confirmation that the Secretary has duly executed and depos-ited into escrow with the same mutually ac-ceptable and jointly instructed escrow holder a patent conveying clear and unencumbered title in fee simple to Parcel B to Fields and has duly executed and deposited into escrow with the same mutually acceptable and jointly instructed escrow holder an easement to the City for a public right-of-way over Parcel D, the Secretary shall instruct the es-crow holder to simultaneously cause— 
(1) the patent to Parcel B to be recorded 
and issued to Fields; 
(2) the easement over Parcel D to be re-
corded and issued to the City; and 
(3) the deed to Parcel A to be delivered to 
the Secretary, who shall immediately cause said deed to be recorded and held in trust for 
the Tribe. 
(b) T
RANSFER OF PARCEL C.—After the si-
multaneous transfer of parcels A, B, and D under subsection (a), upon receipt by the Secretary of confirmation that the City has vacated its interest in Parcel C pursuant to all applicable State and local laws, the Sec-retary shall immediately cause Parcel C to be held in trust for the Tribe subject to— 
(1) any valid existing rights of any third 
parties; and 
(2) legal review and approval of the form 
and content of any and all instruments of conveyance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OOK) and the gen-
tleman from California (Mr. R UIZ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California (Mr. C OOK). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
The Morongo Band of Mission Indi-
ans, a tribe located about 20 miles west of Palm Springs, California, along with the city of Banning and a private prop-erty owner who resides in California together have asked Congress to enact H.R. 387, providing for the exchange of certain lands within or adjacent to the Morongo Reservation. 
The bill also directs the Secretary of 
the Interior to grant an easement to the city of Banning for the use of cer-tain lands currently held in trust on behalf of the tribe. The easement will provide the city with the ability to in-stall electric, sewer, water, and related utility lines to accommodate commer-cial activity in the area. 
This bill will accomplish three goals. 
First, it will promote the consolidation of the tribe’s reservation lands. Sec-ond, it will resolve a land use dispute between a private landowner, the city, and the tribe. Third and finally, it will facilitate commercial development on lands adjacent to the tribe’s reserva-tion, which will be beneficial for the city of Banning and the tribe as well as for the private landowner. 
This bill truly represents a win-win- 
win agreement without any of the par-ties having to compromise their de-sired goals. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I am proud to rise in support of my 
bill, H.R. 387, the Economic Develop-ment Through Tribal Land Exchange Act. 
This non-controversial, bipartisan 
bill passed unanimously out of the House Natural Resources Committee and is supported by the Department of the Interior. The bill would aid eco-
nomic development in the city of Ban-ning, California, through a land swap that is supported by all of the parties involved. 
Currently, the Morongo Band of Mis-
sion Indians and a private landowner, Mr. Lloyd Fields, would like to ex-change two parcels of land which are nearly identical in size and value, but they are restrained from doing so be-cause one of the parcels is currently held in trust by the United States on behalf of the tribe. 
My bill facilitates an equitable land 
swap between the Morongo tribe and the landowner to provide more consoli-dated reservation land for the tribe and commercial development opportunities for the landowner, the city of Banning, and Riverside County. 
This bill serves as a model for how 
land use issues can be addressed by communities coming together while upholding the sacred government-to- government relationship between the Federal Government and Indian tribes. 
I would like to thank Chairman Rob-
ert Martin of the Morongo Band of Mis-sion Indians and the city of Banning for bringing this issue to my attention. 
I would like to thank my colleague, 
Representative P
AUL COOK from Cali-
fornia, for being an original cosponsor, and Senator B
OXER from California for 
introducing the bill in the Senate. 
I would also like to thank Chairman 
BISHOP and Ranking Member G RIJALVA  
for expediting this bill through com-mittee so that we could bring it to the floor today. 
Mr. Speaker, this is the type of bill 
that we can all support for the simple reason that it benefits all parties in-volved and spurs economic develop-ment and job creation. 
We passed this bill unanimously on 
the floor last year. Let’s move it once again. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on H.R. 387. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, in closing, 
this just basically shows that you can actually get some things done at the local, State, and Federal levels. 
This battle has been going on for a 
long while. I used to represent the area when I was in the State House. And when you can finally get all of the par-ties together and work in a bipartisan fashion, good things can happen. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
This is a clear example, as Represent-
ative P
AUL COOK said, of two neigh-
boring districts from different parties coming together for the benefit of eco-nomic development, for the betterment of our tribes, and for the betterment of our counties. 
At this point, Mr. Speaker, I again 
want to thank my colleague, Rep-resentative P
AULCOOK, for his support 
of this legislation, as well as to thank Chairman B
ISHOP and Ranking Member 
GRIJALVA for their work to bring this 
non-controversial bill to the floor be-fore the end of the summer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.026 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5104 July 13, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ), my friend and colleague, who 
also sits on the Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs Subcommittee. 
b1700 
Ms. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 387, which directs the Secretary of the Interior to take cer-tain land into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mission Indians. 
This legislation is a commonsense 
approach that will benefit the tribe, the city of Banning, and the larger local economy. Taking land into trust on behalf of tribes is one of the visible and impactful actions our government can undertake to uphold our trust obli-gations to the 567 sovereign tribal na-tions around the country. 
Indian lands are critical for the exer-
cise of tribal self-governance and self- determination and often represent great spiritual and cultural signifi-cance to tribal nations. 
This bill represents an opportunity 
for the Morongo Band of Mission Indi-ans to consolidate their land base and provide for their people while also re-solving longstanding disputes that will clear the way for increased private eco-nomic development opportunities for the region. This legislation is a win- win for the tribe, the city, and private enterprise. 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I would like 
to thank the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia, N
ORMA TORRES , for her remarks 
in support of the bill. I would like to thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would like to again thank Representative P
AUL 
COOKfor his support of this legislation. 
I would like to thank Chairman 
BISHOP and Ranking Member G RIJALVA  
for their work to bring this non-controversial bill to the floor before the end of the summer. I look forward to working together in the future on additional legislation to provide our tribal nations with the tools to create their own economic opportunity through self-determination and self- governance. 
I urge my colleagues to come to-
gether, once again, and pass this com-monsense bill that will create jobs and spur economic development for the Morongo Tribe and the city of Banning. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 387. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 387. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 3 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. b1830 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) at 6 
o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
VETERANS ENTREPRENEURSHIP 
ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2499) to amend the Small Business Act to increase access to cap-ital for veteran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 410, nays 1, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 434] 
YEAS—410 
Abraham 
Adams Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay 
Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa 
Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes 
Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—22 
Aderholt Brown (FL) Buchanan Butterfield Cleaver Clyburn Engel Eshoo Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Kind Marchant Richmond Rohrabacher Rush Simpson 
Slaughter Smith (TX) Stutzman Westmoreland Young (IN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.027 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5105 July 13, 2015 
b1856 
Ms. D EGETTE changed her vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent for the following vote on July 13, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 434. 
f 
PERMISSION TO FILE SUPPLE-
MENTAL REPORT ON H.R. 2898 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Madam Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Natural Resources be authorized to file a supplemental re-port on the bill H.R. 2898. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. 
f 
JAMES L. OBERSTAR MEMORIAL 
POST OFFICE BUILDING 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 179) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 179 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JAMES L. OBERSTAR MEMORIAL 
POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Me-morial Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
TROTT ). Pursuant to the rule, the gen-
tleman from Tennessee (Mr. D UNCAN ) 
and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Tennessee. 
b1900 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of S. 179, a bill 
to name a post office in Chisholm, Min-nesota, after a very distinguished former Member of this body, Congress-man James Oberstar. 
The bill was introduced by Senator 
A
MYKLOBUCHAR , and our colleague 
Congressman R ICHARD NOLAN has in-
troduced House companion legislation. 
Mr. Oberstar served in the House for 
a remarkable 36 years, and I think it is very fitting and appropriate to honor his legacy by lending his name to a post office in his hometown of Chisolm. 
Congressman Oberstar was born in 
Chisholm, Minnesota, on September 10, 1934, and graduated from the high school there in 1952. Four years later, he earned a bachelor of arts from the University of St. Thomas in St. Paul, Minnesota. He later earned a master’s degree from the College of Europe in Bruges, Belgium. A lot of people knew he was very fluent in French and liked to express himself on many trips in French. 
Before running for Congress himself, 
Congressman Oberstar served on the staff for Congressman John Blatnik of Minnesota from 1963 to 1974. In that ca-pacity, he worked with Congressman Blatnik on all of the legislation from the Public Works and Transportation Committee. In the last 3 years he was with Congressman Blatnik, Congress-man Oberstar became the chief of staff for that committee. 
Congressman Oberstar was first 
elected to represent the people of Min-nesota’s Eighth District in 1974. Among many notable achievements, he served as chairman of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure in the 110th and 111th Congresses. In total, he served in 18 Congresses. 
Sadly, Mr. Oberstar passed away on 
May 3, 2014, in Potomac, Maryland. He certainly was a devoted public servant who left a remarkable legacy of service to the citizens of Minnesota and the United States. 
Earlier in this Congress, there was 
another tribute for Congressman Ober-star. At that time, I said this: 
It is an astounding figure to think that a 
man worked on this one committee for 47 years of his life, but he did so with great honor and distinction. In fact, I think most everybody knew that there was no one in the Congress and probably never has been any-one in the history of the Congress who has known transportation issues and understood them and worked on them longer and harder and with more effectiveness than Jim Ober-star did. 
At one point, he was chairman of the Avia-
tion Subcommittee. In 1994, after the elec-tion, the Republicans took control, and I had the honor of becoming the chairman of the Aviation Subcommittee, and I served for 6 years in that position, which was the max-imum allowable on our side. 
When I took over as chairman of the Avia-
tion Subcommittee, I frequently heard Jim Oberstar referred to as ‘‘Mr. Aviation.’’ So I went to him and asked for his help, and he helped me, guided me, and gave me advice 
that, to this day, I appreciate very much. He did so in a very kind and humble way. 
Of course, then he reached the pin-
nacle and became chairman of that committee, a committee that he loved. He was a great chairman. He worked across the aisle in a very bipartisan way, and I think he tried to help every-one on both sides of the aisle and oth-ers in any way that he possibly could. 
I just wanted to join in this oppor-
tunity to pay tribute to a man who was a great American and a great Member of this body, Congressman James Ober-star. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I certainly associate myself with the 
remarks of Mr. D
UNCAN . 
I am asking my colleagues to join me 
in supporting S. 179. That is the bill that would designate a United States post office located at 14 3rd Avenue Northwest in Jim Oberstar’s home-town, Chisholm, Minnesota; and it would be called the James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Office. 
Mr. Speaker, I am speaking today for 
a memorial for Jim Oberstar not only because of my position on the com-mittee, but for me, this is an act of love and respect. I am speaking for a man known in this House as one of sin-gular intellect and personal qualities. 
Jim was a native of Chisholm. He 
graduated—and anybody who knew Jim will not be surprised at this—summa cum laude from the University of St. Thomas in St. Paul, Minnesota; then he got a master’s degree in Belgium. That may be where he picked up his French, which he playfully used on us at every opportunity. 
Jim was not long out of college when 
he began working in this House, and working in this House was to deter-mine his destiny for the rest of his life. He first served as clerk of the Com-mittee on Rivers and Harbors, as it was then called. He became administrator of the Committee on Public Works— now called Transportation and Infra-structure—when Representative John Blatnik became chairman in 1970. 
Four years later, Jim, himself, ran 
for Congress, succeeding Mr. Blatnik who retired from Minnesota’s Eighth District of Congress. Then Jim served 36 extraordinary years in this House, and he became the longest serving Member from Minnesota in the House of Representatives. During that period, Jim Oberstar became the leading ex-pert on transportation and infrastruc-ture in the Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, for example, he served 
as chairman of the Subcommittee on Aviation when it passed legislation, in-creasing our investment in airports and air security, which we are still benefiting from. 
Later, he became ranking member of 
the full committee. There, he worked 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.032 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5106 July 13, 2015 
tirelessly for something we are trying 
to get in this House now, for that gas user fee, which used to be bipartisan and was often raised and helped Jim and those who served with him improve and make our system reliable on the transportation and infrastructure that we so often celebrate today—and I mean, all of it, roads, bridges, and transit alike. 
We were very fortunate when in 2007, 
Jim Oberstar was elected chairman of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. It was during his chair-manship that the economy went down; and we really needed an expert on transportation and infrastructure, since investment in transportation and infrastructure is the best investment for the dollar during a recession and that, of course, was the deepest reces-sion since the Great Depression. 
Jim’s work during that period is still 
blossoming in the States. He held 300 hearings and passed almost 300 bills and resolutions out of committee and through the House. Nearly 200 of those pieces of legislation were approved by both Houses, including the Water Re-sources Development Act, the bill that authorized the maintenance and con-struction of America’s harbors, as well as funding for important wildlife habi-tat projects. 
Mr. Speaker, Jim also was a cyclist. 
He took transportation seriously. He cycled on the trails that he helped get built and that he so loved. His knowl-edge of our work was so encyclopedic that Democrats and Republicans alike, when Jim spoke, listened hard because they knew they were getting a once-in- a-lifetime lesson in the complexities associated with transportation and in-frastructure in our country. He was a particular leader on intermodalism, which we know as the transportation wave of the future today. 
It was with enormous sadness that 
we learned that Jim Oberstar passed away on May 2, 2014. He was 79 years old. Jim will long be remembered for his dedication to public service and for leaving his mark on transportation in our country. It is a mark that will never be erased. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ), a sponsor of the House com-
panion of S. 179, a member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and the gentleman who rep-resents the very same district that Jim Oberstar represented. 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to thank Representative D
UNCAN  
and Representative N ORTON for the fine 
tributes to a fine Member and a real credit to this institution. 
This bill honors our friend and our 
colleague, the late Jim Oberstar, in an important way, by naming the United States post office in his hometown of Chisholm, Minnesota, the James L. 
Oberstar Memorial Post Office. 
I will never forget the first day that 
Jim walked into the Chamber through one of the side doors over here as a former Member of Congress. As he walked in and proceeded down the aisle, Members recognized him, and they started spontaneously, Democrats and Republicans alike, to applaud Jim Oberstar. 
By the time he got to the well, the 
whole House was engaged in this spon-taneous, bipartisan, genuine, loving, and appreciative applause for Jim Oberstar. I, quite frankly, have never seen anything like it. I hope to see a lot more things like it in the days to come, but what a remarkable moment that was. 
It was a real genuine spirit of affec-
tion for someone who worked really hard, knew his material as well or bet-ter than anyone, and was such a good nonpartisan when it came to what is good for America; I have never quite seen anything like it. 
Jim received more honors than he 
could count in life; quite frankly, he received even more in his passing, but I think it is safe to say that no honor would please him more than being rec-ognized by his colleagues in the home-town of Chisholm where Jim grew up. 
Chisholm, on Minnesota’s Iron 
Range, is where he learned the value of ideas as a star on his high school de-bate team. They say he was a pretty good football player, too, but he liked to recall that the editor of his home-town said to him on a couple of occa-sions, ‘‘Jim, you are a really good de-bater. You really know how to argue. You might want to keep working at that’’—and how fitting that he would end up in the Congress of the United States. 
It is also in Chisholm where he 
learned about public service with his first working job for that editor, ped-dling papers to the miners and to the mining families and learning about the politics of the community. It is also where he learned hard work from his parents. Jim’s dad worked in the mines his entire life and hardly ever missed a day’s work. 
Chisholm is also the place where Jim 
learned those old-fashioned values that brought him to the House of Represent-atives. 
He believed that a good idea was a 
good idea, and it didn’t matter if it was a Republican idea or a Democratic idea. All that mattered was that some-one had offered the idea; and he had such enormous respect for the process and for his colleagues that he gave every good idea an open, an honest, and a fair hearing. 
b1915 
And if it turned out to be something 
good for the Nation, why, it was good enough for Jim, regardless of the ori-gin. 
So, in urging my colleagues to honor 
Jim by passing this bill, I would like to ask that we honor him by rededicating 
ourselves to that spirit of bipartisan-ship, that spirit of working together, that spirit of getting things done that enabled Jim Oberstar to accomplish the many things that he did that were cited by my colleagues here just a few moments ago. That was the spirit that epitomized Jim Oberstar, and that is how he was so successful in getting things done. 
Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my col-
leagues to pass this legislation. 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Min-nesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the ranking member for the time. 
I rise to honor the late Jim Oberstar, 
the Congressman from Minnesota’s Eighth District. 
For 36 years, Jim Oberstar proudly 
served the residents of Minnesota’s Eighth Congressional District. During his decades of service on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, Representative Oberstar made investing in the future prosperity of this country a top priority. 
His commitment to laying the foun-
dation for a 21st century transpor-tation system helped make travel safer and kept millions of Americans work-ing on the job and strengthened our economy. He worked and accomplished all of that. 
On August 1, 2007, the Interstate 35W 
bridge collapsed in Minnesota. Thir-teen people lost their lives, including some of my constituents, and many more were injured. 
Chairman Oberstar moved with in-
credible speed to draft legislation to respond to the tragedy, and within 48 hours, he had passed a bill on the floor. On August 6, less than 1 week after the disaster, funding for construction of a new bridge was signed into law. 
But he didn’t stop there. Chairman 
Oberstar worked to call attention to the epidemic of weak bridges all across our country. He fought to make bridge repair and replacement the focus of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. Because of his commit-ment, thousands of bridges were thor-oughly inspected, repaired, or, in fact, replaced. 
Not that Jim’s response was any-
thing out of the ordinary, throughout his career, Jim remained committed to fighting for the people he served and the causes he believed in. 
It is fitting that the post office in 
Chisholm, Minnesota, will be named the James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Office, because we know the success of a post office, after all, is inextricably linked with interstate highways, run-ways, docks, railways, and roads, be-cause that is how the mail gets deliv-ered and that is how we are connected throughout this world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.053 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5107 July 13, 2015 
The imprint left by Congressman Jim 
Oberstar on every mode of transpor-tation throughout our country cannot be overstated. 
And if I may, on a personal note, 
Jim, both professionally and person-ally, helped give the new Congress-woman from Minnesota a lot of thanks. 
So, with that, I want to just say, 
again, it is more than appropriate that the post office in his hometown of Chis-holm, Minnesota, be known as the James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Of-fice Building, a testament to his life’s work. 
Jim, we thank you. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ). 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of S. 179, to honor the memory of Jim Oberstar, a colleague, mentor, and friend to me and to many more. 
From his time serving as a staff 
member to his tenure as the chairman of the House Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, Jim spent every day of his 47 years on Capitol Hill working to improve our Nation’s infrastructure and, in turn, the lives of Americans across the country. 
I was proud to serve with Jim on the 
T and I Committee for 4 years and to share in his passion for all the things that help ensure that our quality of life is high and that our economy is strong. 
Jim’s thoughtful, forward-thinking 
approach to our Nation’s infrastruc-ture needs was built from years of ex-perience and careful deliberation, and it earned him the well-deserved nick-name, Mr. Transportation. During his time as chairman, committee members knew that they were going to learn something when they arrived at the committee room, and they are going to leave on a mission. 
Jim was truly a visionary when it 
came to our Nation’s infrastructure system, but he didn’t just talk about what needed to be done. Whether it was modernizing our Nation’s airspace, im-proving rail safety, moving freight on time, repairing our roads, rehabili-tating transit systems, or advancing cycling, Jim got things done. That is because Jim had a tireless work ethic and was as a great leader and friend as he was a policy expert. Jim treated people well, and it didn’t matter whether you were Republican or Demo-crat; he was willing to work with you and help your district and constitu-ents. 
My bicycle is a fixture in my office, 
and its presence reminds me of Jim and the time I spent cycling with him, when I learned more than I ever ex-pected to be able to learn on a bike ride. 
Jim was known for his love of the 
French language, and he spoke it flaw-lessly. What fewer people know is that Jim perfected his French while serving in a volunteer program that preceded the Peace Corps. He was teaching 
French and Creole to Americans help-ing out in Haiti. 
Jim loved helping people. He was a 
big promoter of adoption and a de-fender of life. It was all an outgrowth, 
I believe, of his strong Catholic faith. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress and the Na-
tion are better because of Jim Ober-star, and those of us who worked close-ly with him are better public servants, colleagues, and people because of him. S. 179 is a fitting tribute to Jim Ober-star, and I urge its passage. 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let 
me thank the ranking member and the manager of this legislation. 
I have had the privilege of being here 
during the mighty leadership of Jim Oberstar, and I would really call him America’s Congressperson. 
He would be an eloquent spokes-
person today for not isolating his advo-cacy for his own region or State, but he would rise up on the floor of the House to speak eloquently about the need for the refurbishing, the rebuilding, the restoration of America’s infrastruc-ture, transportation infrastructure, from highways and bridges and dams to airports and train stations and tracks. 
Mr. Speaker, I just came in today 
from Philadelphia on Amtrak, and as you know, on trains, we engage with our fellow travelers. I guess we are called passengers, but we are fellow travelers. 
It was interesting to engage with 
these constituents of America who were using this mode of transportation. They made a very valuable point. They said it is not the equipment of Amtrak or whether the Acela can move faster than any other train, it is the infra-structure upon which the train travels. It is the train tracks. It is the invest-ment in that infrastructure to make Amtrak what it needs to be. 
Now, Congressman Oberstar cer-
tainly did not live in this part of the country, but he could see the general landscape of what America needed. 
I was very interested in hearing my 
colleague from Minnesota speak of that time when the bridge collapsed. What a tragic incident. All of us were appalled and saddened, and it was amazing how ‘‘General Oberstar,’’ if you will, took the leadership role to help America. 
So I rise today to support this under-
lying legislation and to simply thank him and to thank his family for shar-ing Jim Oberstar, the Frenchman, as he would like to say. 
And in concluding my remarks, 
might I say ‘‘merci beaucoup’’ to you, to the late Jim Oberstar, a man who loved America and could be called America’s Congressperson. 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, Jim Oberstar was a rare 
Member. He managed to awe us by his knowledge at the same time that he nurtured us with his warmth and his kindness. That is why you have heard Members speak so eloquently about him today. He left his mark in this House. 
I am very pleased that, with this bill, 
he will leave his own mark in his own hometown with a memorial, a post of-fice named for Jim Oberstar. I urge Members of this House to vote for this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUNCAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
I will just close by saying that I am 
very grateful to Jim Oberstar. He helped me obtain many things for my district. His last year in Congress, in August of that year, he came to my district to dedicate a beautiful new transit center which the city of Knox-ville was kind enough to name after me. I always was grateful for his spend-ing that day with me in Knoxville. 
I can tell you that I am now in my 
27th year in Congress. Twenty-two of those years were spent working with Congressman Oberstar. This Nation, as Mr. L
IPINSKI said a few minutes ago, is 
a better place today because of the work of Congressman Jim Oberstar. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support 
passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 179. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
earlier today, the Supreme Leader’s handpicked puppet, Rouhani, pre-maturely tweeted about what he called a victory of diplomacy and, get this, mutual respect before a nuclear deal between the P5+1 and Iran was actually sealed. 
This is the same regime that openly 
calls for death to America and to our ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel, and the same despots who sup-port terror all across the globe aimed at U.S. interests. 
Now we hear that we may capitulate 
and end the arms embargo on Iran, its conventional military and ballistic missile program, and that the U.S. will lift all sanctions on day one. 
And for what, Mr. Speaker? So that 
Iran can keep in place every major 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.037 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5108 July 13, 2015 
piece of its nuclear infrastructure, and 
Iran can claim victory over the Great Satan and the Little Satan. 
This will be more than just a defeat 
for diplomacy. It will be a disaster that will set in motion a nuclear and con-ventional arms race in the world’s most volatile region. And who knows what dangers that will bring. 
f 
VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE SERVICES 
AND THE ABILITYONE PROGRAM 
(Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the Vocational Guidance Services program and the AbilityOne Program and Mr. Tubbs, who visited my office a few weeks ago. 
VGS provides employment services 
designed to promote economic self-suf-ficiency for people with disabilities in the State of Ohio and has maintained a strong presence in my district, Ohio’s Third Congressional District. 
The AbilityOne Program harnesses 
the purchasing power of the Federal Government to buy products and serv-ices from participating community- based nonprofit agencies that are dedi-cated to training and employing indi-viduals with disabilities. 
Since 2004, nearly 900 area residents 
received employment opportunities through the Vocational Guidance Serv-ices program. In fact, last year alone, VGS provided employment for over 100 Columbus area people with disabilities. 
I commend VGS and the AbilityOne 
Program team for their dedication and commitment to helping individuals who are blind or have significant dis-abilities to find employment in Ohio. 
f 
b1930 
WE WANT THE SAME DEAL 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 
nuclear weapon agreement with Iran is near. The deal will lift crude oil export sanctions on Iran. This will be a bil-lion-dollar boom to the world’s largest state sponsor of terrorism. 
Meanwhile, here in America, the ad-
ministration bans exporting our own crude oil. We can’t even export Texas light crude oil to our closest neighbor, Mexico. 
The administration has within its 
power to lift the crude oil export ban. The ban hurts the U.S. economy. Thou-sands of oil industry workers have been laid off. Half the drilling rigs in Texas have been shut down. This administra-tion seems to be more worried about making Iran happy and wealthy than helping the U.S. economy by creating energy jobs. 
Why can’t America get the same deal 
that Iran is getting? While the admin-istration lifts the sanctions on Iranian exports, it should lift the oil export sanctions on America. And, Mr. Speak-
er, Texas will even agree not to enrich uranium or develop nuclear sanctions if the sanctions are lifted. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
(Mr. TONKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, we are 
closing in on yet another deadline and yet another needlessly manufactured crisis at the end of this month: the re-authorization of the highway trust fund. 
Two months ago this body passed a 
short-term extension of the highway trust fund at the very last minute, as is standard procedure nowadays here in the House, temporarily protecting 660,000 jobs and extending 6,000 critical construction projects. 
Republican House leadership has had 
more than a year to craft a bill that would repair our crumbling infrastruc-ture, provide certainty to States, and protect hundreds of thousands of good- paying jobs hanging in the balance. 
Enough of this brinkmanship. 
Enough of this manufactured crisis. Enough of the short-term patches that waste time and money on problems that we create for ourselves. 
It is time to pass a commonsense, 
ambitious, and long-term extension of the highway trust fund that rebuilds, renews, and puts America to work. 
We just heard memorialized on this 
floor the former chair, the late Jim Oberstar, who headed the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee. He knew this was a sound investment in America. Let’s go forward with that. 
f 
REMEMBERING ADAM JAMES 
LAMBERT 
(Mr. YOUNG of Iowa asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, 
this morning on the hallowed ground of a hill in Dallas County, Iowa, a hero was laid to rest at the Iowa Veterans Cemetery. This hero and patriot was Adam James Lambert. 
Adam was 24 years old. Adam was a 
marine. He was an honorable young man who put others before himself so that we could be safe and free. He was a dependable and encouraging brother in arms to his fellow Marines. 
But long before Adam was a U.S. Ma-
rine, he was just a boy. He was a loving son who brought joy and laughter to his mother Jill and father Dean. Adam was a playful protective brother to his sisters McKenzie and Anna. And he made his grandparents so proud. He loved them all so much. And, indeed, they loved him. 
Over the weekend I attended a cele-
bration of life service honoring Adam. Indeed, all who attended were moved and touched in a beautiful way. He will 
be missed so much, but he will be re-membered. 
I remember Adam. I remember when 
I first met him in Van Meter. He walked up to me with a wide grin and a firm handshake. He encouraged me. He spoke to me with kindness. He made me laugh. He made me smile. 
Adam leaves a smile on all our faces. 
He leaves with us memories, and Adam will not be forgotten. May God bless his memory and his family in the days ahead. 
f 
IRAN 
(Mr. SHERMAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, we may 
be hours away from a deal with Iran. The question before us is not is it a good deal or is it a bad deal or what should the executive branch of govern-ment do. The question before us is what should Congress do if we have a President who has signed the deal. 
We don’t know precisely what is in 
the deal. But we do know that it has advantages and disadvantages in the first year because it causes the vast majority of Iranian stockpile of en-riched uranium and the majority of their centrifuges to be taken off the table. The disadvantage is it provides the Iranian Government with access to $120 billion plus of its own money. 
We do know that, in the next decade, 
the deal will be unacceptable because next decade Iran will be able to have massive enrichment facilities. 
So the question before Congress is, 
first, how do we prevent this deal from being morally binding on the American people next decade with that adminis-tration and that Congress. 
And then the tougher issue is wheth-
er we want to forfeit the advantages, knowing there are disadvantages, of what the deal does in its first year. 
It is this kind of analysis, not par-
tisans screaming about is it a good deal, is it a bad deal, that should guide us in the future. 
f 
U.S.-SWITZERLAND SKILLED 
TRADES COOPERATION 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, last week U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker and Swit-zerland’s Vice President and Federal Councilor, Johann Schneider-Ammann, signed a joint declaration that will pro-vide a framework for cooperation be-tween our two countries in areas such as work-based training, pathways to career development, and the expansion of existing programs into new industry sectors. This notable agreement comes just 1 month after a similar signing with Germany that was largely focused 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.040 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5109 July 13, 2015 
on apprenticeships and vocational edu-
cation and training. 
As co-chair of the Congressional Ca-
reer and Technical Education Caucus, I applaud these international partner-ships and recognize their role in help-ing us to close our Nation’s skills gap. 
The skilled trades are the hardest 
jobs to fill in the United States, with recent data citing 550,000 jobs open in the trade and transportation sectors and 246,000 jobs open in manufacturing. 
Working with our allies to address 
this issue will undoubtedly benefit our economy and allow us to remain glob-ally competitive. 
I am confident in our ability to make 
continued progress in the area of work-force development and am grateful for the assistance of our international partners. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Illi-nois (Ms. K
ELLY ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers be given 5 days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
we are here tonight to have an impor-tant conversation, a conversation that is long overdue, a conversation that is crucial to healing America’s deep ra-cial wounds, our topic being the Con-federate battle flag and why racial symbols matter. 
The Charleston 9 killings focused 
many of our attention on the signifi-cant appropriateness and bigoted his-tory of this flag. In 2015, why do so many still revere a flag that tolerated the shackling of people because of their skin, a flag that allowed human beings to be counted as three-fifths of a per-son, a flag that was flown during lynchings, the holding of children, and one that symbolized a movement to deny education and equal treatment under our laws? 
Fifty years since Selma, we think of 
the Freedom Riders, marchers, boy-cotters, protesters, and policymakers who pointed our Nation in a more posi-tive direction. They knew it was time to reject the traditions of the past. 
The civil rights movement symbol-
ized the quest of equality and a change in mood for America. Thousands from all backgrounds had the courage to join in peaceful protests, lunch counter sit-ins, and boycotts at the expense of being jailed, beaten, or killed. They did this for one Nation and one flag. 
And in the way of these Americans 
stood those who believed in the perse-verance of inequality, who believed in an America of White and colored, an America of two flags, and the Confed-
erate battle flag represented their America. 
Jim Crow America saw States that 
seceded from the Union, reacting to the growth of the civil rights movement, with the use of the Confederate battle flag as the representation of their re-sistant movement. 
In 1956, the State of Georgia incor-
porated the battle flag into its official State flag design. The movement con-tinued into the sixties, where it met re-newed and intensified opposition, oppo-sition that waved the Confederate bat-tle flag in the name of continued racial oppression. 
In 1961, just 2 months after the sen-
tencing of nine students arrested for a lunch counter sit-in in Rock Hill, South Carolina, the Confederate battle flag was raised over South Carolina’s State house during a centennial cele-bration of the Civil War’s opening. 
That same year, in neighboring Geor-
gia, Charlayne Hunter and Hamilton Holmes were the first two African American students to be admitted to the University of Georgia. Their admis-sion only came after a court order sent from Federal court. 
Eleven days after arriving on cam-
pus, Hunter and Holmes were attacked by a mob of White rioters who threw rocks and bottles at them while waving the rebel flag. The attacks were so fierce that the dean of students sus-pended both Hunter and Holmes for their own safety. 
Now, even with me highlighting this 
violence, we are told that the stars and bars are about heritage. That heritage, Mr. Speaker, is not so subtle a re-minder to African Americans that they are less than—maybe not three-fifths of a person, but still not equal. 
This is a reminder that there are two 
classes of citizens. And despite our Declaration of Independence clearly stating that all men are created equal, this is a reminder that there is a lesser class and will never be equal. 
But why are we honoring the herit-
age and flag of the hooded night riders of the Klan at our State houses and in this Congress instead of the flag of the Freedom Riders who died for a single, fair, and equal America? 
Two years after Martin Luther King, 
Jr., delivered his ‘‘I have dream’’ speech before 600 civil rights marchers, including our friend and colleague from Georgia, Congressman J
OHN LEWIS, a 
different group of civil rights heroes were greeted by police officers in Selma, Alabama, proudly displaying the Confederate flag on the side of their helmets. 
These officers brutally beat the 
marchers, and their actions were a re-minder that Dr. King’s speech had not yet resonated in the hearts of those who needed to hear it most. 
But it was the undeterred resilience 
of the protesters who refused to back down and refused to resort to violence that persevered. It was the love, the re-spect, and the mutual understanding that displayed what was the strongest 
symbol of strength, honor, and herit-age than the Confederate battle flag. 
Mr. Speaker, we have come a long 
way since 1965, but we still have a ways to go. We must move forward. The needed progress, however, will not come if the Federal Government con-tinues to provide American citizens with reminders of our hateful and op-pressive past in a manner that legiti-mizes such hate. 
I am glad to host this important Spe-
cial Order hour with my colleague from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) to talk about 
where we go from here and why we con-tinue to give energy to symbols of hate and division. 
I yield to the kind gentleman from 
Newark, New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ). 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman from Illinois. 
This is a very timely topic, as we 
have seen what has transpired in our Nation over the past several weeks. It is incredible to me how fast this issue has moved over the past month. But it always seems that it takes a horrific act in this country for us to wake up and realize that maybe something isn’t right. 
b1930 
Nine people at church study on a 
Wednesday night, not knowing their fate, were gunned down in cold blood by someone who actually said: You know, they were so nice to me, I al-most didn’t do it, but I had to. 
Last week in South Carolina, there 
was a monumental step in removing the Confederate flag from its State capitol, where it had shamefully flown for 54 years; but here in our Nation’s Capitol last week, Republicans tried to go back to the future. 
House Republicans had to pull a vote 
on a spending bill because some of their Members opposed a measure that would ban Confederate flags from na-tional cemeteries, and when the Demo-cratic leader, N
ANCY PELOSI , presented 
an opportunity for Republicans to do the right thing and immediately re-move the Confederate flag from the Capitol Grounds, they punted. 
South Carolina, the birthplace of the 
Confederacy, had the courage to do what the House Republicans did not, remove that dreaded symbol. It is the symbol of an incomprehensible hate, a hate that manifested itself in a mas-sacre. Since that unfortunate day 1 month ago, we, as a nation, have been forced to look inward at who we are and who we want to be. 
Mr. Speaker, out of this immense 
grief of that dark day in Charleston came a resounding call throughout our Nation to remove the Confederate flag and other symbols of racism and racial supremacy. For many, the removal of these symbols is a logical step in the trajectory of our Nation, a necessary action on the path toward the more perfect Union. 
For others, calls to remove these 
symbols of hate are seen as an attack 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.042 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5110 July 13, 2015 
on the Southern identity, heritage, and 
culture; but arguing that the Confed-erate flag is a symbol of Southern pride celebrates a single homogenous cul-ture. 
It means listening to only some 
voices at the expense of others. It means ignoring the African American experience throughout our Nation’s history from the dark period of slavery to the civil rights movement to the present day. 
According to a report by the Equal 
Justice Initiative, 3,959 African Ameri-cans in 12 States were killed by the ter-ror of lynching between 1877 and 1950, 3,959 Americans lynched. 
If we are going to refer to the past 
and debate over the Confederate flag, certainly, we need to take all of this into account. The Confederate flag has always stood for racial supremacy and bigotry, and if we are to realize our Na-tion’s promise of justice and full equal-ity, we cannot embrace this symbol. Eradicating symbols of hatred, vio-lence, and cruel oppression steeped in racism is a critical step to confronting prejudice in our society. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, we have all heard 
complaints that this debate does not matter and that removing the Confed-erate flag and other symbols of hatred is a distraction from the larger prob-lems facing our Nation, such as ramp-ant gun violence. 
I agree that significantly more must 
be done to address racism and per-sistent inequality in our Nation. I agree that we need meaningful gun re-form from expanding background checks to reducing unchecked online ammunition purchases. I agree that we need to create jobs, reduce wealth dis-parities, and expand educational oppor-tunities. 
But symbols matter; symbols legiti-
mize public opinion and, in doing so, entrench attitudes and beliefs. At the same time, they create a meaning, shape actions, and connect us to one another. Just as a symbol can connect us, they can tear us apart. 
Mr. Speaker, as I go to my seat, I was 
talking to my staff the other day about this and how much we were happy to see that flag lowered. The symbol is gone, but the sentiment remains. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
Congressman P
AYNE , for those words. 
Right now, it is my pleasure to intro-duce the Congressman from North Carolina and the chair of the Congres-sional Black Caucus, Congressman B
UTTERFIELD . 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, let 
me first thank you, Congresswoman K
ELLY and Congressman P AYNE , for 
your leadership. Your leadership is very much appreciated, and your con-stituents in your respective districts should be very proud of each one of you. I know the Congressional Black Caucus is proud of you. 
For the past several weeks, Mr. 
Speaker, the Nation has been focused on the Confederate battle flag. Most fair-minded Americans have been ask-ing the question: Why is this flag con-
tinuing to fly on State grounds and Federal lands? And why are policy-makers refusing to squarely address this issue? 
The Confederate battle flag, Mr. 
Speaker, represents an era of American history that ended—or at least it should have ended—150 years ago. This flag represents the years following President Lincoln’s election. Those years starting in December of 1860 saw 11 Southern States leave the Union. 
The fancy name for their leaving the 
Union, Mr. Speaker, was called seces-sion, but the reality was that these Southern States were rebelling. They were in rebellion against the Union. They organized a so-called government called the Confederate States of Amer-ica. They took up arms, Mr. Speaker, and they fought against the Union for 4 long years until they surrendered. 
They then returned to the Union. The 
Confederate flag represents that era where Southern States were resisting freedom for 4 million slaves. There con-tinues to be elements today in our soci-ety who subscribe to separation of the races—how unfortunate. There con-tinues to be elements in our society who believe in White supremacy. 
The question now, Mr. Speaker, is: 
Do we constructively address the ques-tion of hate groups in America? Do we continue to insist that other States re-move symbols of White supremacy as South Carolina has done? Or do we con-tinue to simply ignore racism? 
Other States continue to display 
Confederate flags, and even in this Cap-itol—even in this Capitol—you will find eight statues of Confederate soldiers who fought against the Stars and Stripes. 
Mr. Speaker, I call upon every Amer-
ican to bury for good the dark history of slavery and bigotry. We are a great nation, and we will be even greater when we can judge our neighbor on the content of their character and not on the color of their skin. 
Let’s remove these symbols from our 
view. I thank each one of the floor managers. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
Congressman B
UTTERFIELD , for those 
fine words. Many questions, many questions: Why are they still holding on? Is it just heritage and tradition? Or is it something more? 
At this time, Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to introduce the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, Con-gresswoman E
LEANOR HOLMES NORTON . 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank my good friend, the gentle-woman from Illinois, and my friend, the gentleman from New Jersey, for their important leadership they are ex-ercising here this evening. 
Mr. Speaker, I have come to speak 
about why symbols matter and why this symbol, the Confederate flag, must not stop with the flag, but must also go to what to do not only about the flag, but about the guns that took down the Charleston 9. To be sure, symbols matter, Mr. 
Speaker. To take two of the most pow-erful symbols in the world, the cross and the Star of David, we know well these symbols can sometimes mean ev-erything. We also know that the Con-federate flag is a symbol of a different and lower order. 
A symbol stands for more than itself; 
the symbol tells a story. The religious symbols evoke tears; they evoke joy, and they evoke their own set of stories. The Confederate flag, when it led to the extraordinary tragedy of the Charleston 9 will always—should al-ways—make us think of the gun that was responsible for the Charleston 9— not just the symbol, but the story be-hind the symbol. 
In the 19th century, the flag signaled 
the importance of slavery. In the 20th century, it had a different meaning. Robert E. Lee had told his soldiers: 
Put down the flag. We are one Union now. 
He was, in a real sense, the counter-
part to Abraham Lincoln, who was try-ing to draw us together after Lee had lost that war. 
In the 20th century, the flag was re-
vived. It was revived by Southern Democrats—Dixiecrats, as they called themselves. It has been, in the 20th century and, now, the 21st century, a symbol of discrimination and racism. No matter what it stood for in the 19th century about heritage, it lost that meaning when, in the 20th century, George Wallace raised it and said ‘‘seg-regation now’’ and ‘‘segregation for-ever.’’ Nobody who now speaks of herit-age then said: Wait a minute, Governor Wallace, don’t take away our heritage. 
Only when African Americans have 
the nerve to raise the notion, after we lost nine good people in Charleston, does it somehow now become a symbol of heritage. 
I will give Senator M
ITCH MCCONNELL  
some credit. He wants to remove the statue of Jefferson Davis from the Ken-tucky State Capitol, but when asked about removing the Jefferson Davis statue from the United States Capitol, Mr. M
CCONNELL grew silent. 
We have got to come to grips with 
what this flag meant to this boy who used a gun. I am not going to forget those who died and what we owe those who died. 
The Dixiecrats bolted from Harry S. 
Truman when Truman refused to em-brace their racism. These were South-ern Democrats, and we owe them the 21st century meaning of the Confed-erate flag. 
Mr. Speaker, why are we talking 
about this symbol and not another symbol? The other symbol is the gun in America. 
The grace of the people of Charleston 
so overwhelmed the country that there were many who were simply grateful that, instead of bursting forward with rage, they showed their extraordinary Christian heritage, the heritage they undoubtedly shared with the gunman. We were so grateful, all of us, and so proud that we have not talked about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.044 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5111 July 13, 2015 
what took the lives of these nine good 
people. 
Well, I want to talk about it because 
the Confederate flag for me now will always represent those nine people and the gun that took their lives. That 21- year-old kid didn’t know anything about them except their Christian love when they invited him into their sanc-tuary. 
But, he knew about what that flag 
stood for, and he raised that flag before he went into that sanctuary. 
b2000 
We must not forget not only the 
flag—we cannot live by symbols alone—we must not forget the gun that took down the Charleston 9. 
Now, I understand—I read—that Sen-
ator M
ANCHIN and Senator T OOMEY are 
interested in reviving their gun safety legislation. There are several bills here in the House that do that in one form or another. 
We know what happened. There was a 
breakdown in the background check system, which is why this young man was even able to get a gun. He would have been denied a gun if those who op-posed any bill hadn’t assured that the bill would have only a 3-day time pe-riod, during which, if you couldn’t find something on the individual, then he got his gun, no matter who he was. That is how he got his gun. 
There are some of us who know full 
well that the Confederate flag has done more than put the flag back on the agenda—on the Nation’s agenda—it has put gun safety once again on the agen-da. 
I must say, I don’t believe we, who 
celebrate the extraordinary grace of the families of the Charleston 9, owe them only our speeches about the flag. They probably, once they saw it come down, have moved on; and now, they have only their loved ones to think about. 
If I were one of them, I would won-
der: What are those who celebrate the flag coming down going to do about making sure that, never again, will people like our loved ones have to suf-fer because of gunfire? 
The flag is the symbol that is impor-
tant to raising our consciousness in the long run. If all we have is our memory of the symbol and not why that symbol became important, then we will leave on the table a real memorial to the Charleston 9. 
I appreciate the time. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
Congresswoman H
OLMES . I am so glad 
that you and Congressman P AYNE  
brought up the issue of the gun because we cannot forget that either. I look at Charleston as when racism and hate found the gun. 
At this time, I yield to the gentle-
woman from Ohio (Ms. F
UDGE ), our 
former head of the Congressional Black Caucus. 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman for yielding. I want to thank my colleagues, Congressman P
AYNE and Congresswoman K ELLY , for 
leading the Congressional Black Cau-cus Special Order hour tonight. 
Mr. Speaker, if you have not noticed, 
the people of this country are fed up. Quite frankly, so am I. We are at a point in our Nation’s history when we can no longer give lip service to equal-ity and opportunities to succeed. We must take action to show we mean what we say; otherwise, it is nothing more than empty rhetoric. 
Mr. Speaker, the Confederate flag is 
more than just a piece of fabric. It is more than just a visual representation of the Confederacy or part of the sto-ried history of the South. If that were true, we would not be having this con-versation today. We would not have buried nine Americans murdered be-cause of the color of their skin, and the Confederate battle flag would still be flying in the State of South Carolina. 
Let’s be honest about the history of 
the Confederate battle flag. While the majority of this House may want to ig-nore the facts and rewrite history, we will not be ignored. The Confederate battle flag and any adaptation of it is a painful reminder of intimidation, tor-ture, and murder for all of us in the Black community. It is a flying symbol of hatred and injustice that tells Black and Brown people in this country: Your lives have no value, and you don’t mat-ter. 
It is an embarrassment to all Ameri-
cans that the majority of this House introduced a spending amendment 
which included language allowing the battle flag on Federal properties. 
It is just plain shameful that they 
would go even further and use proce-dure to stifle a motion to openly dis-cuss a ban of the Confederate battle flag imagery from the Capitol Grounds. 
How can the Members of the major-
ity of this House continue to say that they represent all Americans when they refuse to have a real discussion about what is really happening in our country? Have we learned nothing from what has happened in the past few weeks? 
In a June Gallup poll, African Ameri-
cans ranked race relations as the most important issue facing the United States. Will taking down the Confed-erate battle flag immediately change this perspective? Absolutely not—but it will certainly do more than letting it continue to fly. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time we do away 
with lip service. It is time we listen to our constituents and take real action toward healing the racial wounds of this country. It is time we move for-ward. 
The flag must come down. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank Congresswoman F
UDGE for her 
eloquent words and the truth of what happened in Congress last week and what we need to do to go forward. 
At this time, I yield to the gentle-
woman from Houston, Texas (Ms. J
ACK-
SONLEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let 
me thank the managers of this very Special Order and my words to them 
and to this House. I want you to take note of the spirit in which these Mem-bers have come. 
If our constituents are seeing us and 
watching us, if those who agree with us are watching, no one has come with anger and a cry of hysteria. They have come with a reasoned request and pro-nouncement of the wrongness of the present situation in this House. 
Let me say that it was in 1864 that 
the States were given the call to send forward two statutes to come to rep-resent their States in the United States Congress. In addition, we know that the United States Congress has a number of flags representing various States. 
This was to be the people’s House, 
and the people’s House would reflect the people of the United States of America. History should be something that grows with the Nation and reflects the goodness of the Nation. Yes, there is history that should be taught, such as the ugliness and violence of the slave history; but it is not to be hon-ored. 
I join my colleagues today to be able 
to call for the taking down of signs of Confederacy in the United States Cap-itol—in particular, as I am in the House of Representatives, in the peo-ple’s House. 
Let me give you a credible basis upon 
which to do so, why this Supreme Court decision has been so ignored. Let me cite it for my colleagues, Walker III v. Texas Division, Sons of Confederate Veterans, issued on June 18, 2015—iron-ically, the day after the martyrdom of nine wonderful African Americans practicing their Christian faith. 
This particular decision indicates 
that the State of Texas was to be sup-ported. This was a case that engaged many of our constituents in Texas. We organize and galvanize. 
I want to thank Dr. Clark, the presi-
dent of the Missionary Baptist General Convention of Texas, and Reverend Max Miller, who came up as we argued this case. We were convincing. The Texas Department of Motor Vehicles board agreed that a Confederate license plate issued by the State of Texas would be offensive and would be consid-ered, in essence, a public action or pub-lic speech. 
For those who want to raise the ques-
tion of the First Amendment, this cry that we, as members of the Congres-sional Black Caucus, are making is per-fectly constitutional and legitimate. We are talking about flags that are flown on State property or Federal property. 
This caucus should be congratulated. 
It is succinct in its argument; it is de-tailed in its argument, and no First Amendment opposition can be raised because the Supreme Court of the United States has said that we can deny utilizing the Confederate flag that may be considered State action as it is placed on Federal lands on the Federal property here. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.055 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5112 July 13, 2015 
Our colleagues, in particular H AKEEM  
JEFFRIES and Mr. H UFFMAN and others, 
understood that when they acted last week. Now, the considerate thing to have done is there are amendments to stay in place, the Interior bill to be voted on, and the right thing would have been done because they argued the point that this was State or Fed-eral action. 
We now come again to try and clarify 
for our colleagues that these flags should come down. In the privileged resolutions that have gone on last week, they made the point very clear that it was an insult to the dignity of the House. 
I have introduced H. Res. 342 that I 
hope will complement, and it is one that talks about the enhancement of unity in America and stands on the Walker decision and, in particular, makes it very clear that divisive sym-bols—license plates, specialty license plates, replicas, and flags—on public buildings or government property and symbols on State or Federal action, State public speech—that is a speech of those you represent—should not be al-lowed. 
How divisive is that point of view? It 
is not. The divisiveness is those that stand on a false sense of history, yet want to offend those who likewise have great leadership. 
Let me make this point about the 
battle flag, this Confederate flag. Might I ask the question: Have south-erners not fought in the War of 1812, in World War I, in World War II, in the Korean war, in the Hungarian war in the fifties, and in Vietnam and shed their blood under this flag, have they not been honored when they have shed their blood? 
Not only that, when Confederate sol-
diers died, they were honored appro-priately in graves where those who de-sired to honor that shedding of the blood were allowed to do so. We did not run into the funerals of those Southern fallen soldiers and cast upon them and curse them and deny them. They were allowed to be honored appropriately, and they now go into the annals of his-tory. 
When you understand what grounds 
they stood on, what their general stood on, such as Jefferson Davis, who called the individuals who were slaves as un-profitable savages—that is what one general who has been honored has called them, ‘‘unprofitable savages’’— is that the history that we should be honoring? 
Is that what we should be lifting up? 
Is that what should be placed in the place of honor in the United States Congress? Is that engaged in the uplift-ing of the dignity of the House? Or is it insulting the dignity of the House? 
To my colleagues, I stand with you 
today to join in trying to create an un-derstanding of the rightness of the work of our colleagues last week on the Interior bill, of the rightness of the Congressional Black Caucus going, as someone would say, on and on and on about this flag; and my good friend 
from New Jersey said it is symbols, and we need to bridge the gap of the in-equity and wealth, we need education, we need jobs. 
Let me be very clear, Mr. Speaker, 
the Congressional Black Caucus and my colleagues and the Democratic Caucus and good will Republicans are fighting for jobs—or should be—fight-ing for education. We are not lan-guishing along the side highway of life. We fought to maintain the ObamaCare or the Affordable Care Act. We are not ignoring the other desires of our con-stituents. 
Let me close on this final point, and 
I am glad that my colleague from the District of Columbia raised it, and Con-
gresswoman K
ELLY has been a leader, 
and Congresswoman K ELLY , let’s rise 
again, and that is the horror of gun vi-olence. 
b2015 
Let me say to Director Comey, since 
I am on the Judiciary Committee, thank you for your honesty, but let me make it very clear that we suffered this loophole because of the opposition to the sensibleness of the Brady anti- gun violence legislation. 
Imbedded in it was this nonsensical 
point that, if I don’t hear from you, then I am going to sell it. Who is sell-ing it? The gun store. 
I have no opposition to our fellow 
citizens who make their living and pro-vide for their families by selling guns. I do have opposition to the evil and vile perpetrator who went into that Mother Emanuel Church and killed illegally with a gun that he should not have had. 
He did so because the 3-day time had 
expired, because there was a time when the NICS was closed—that is the entity that the FBI relies upon—and the 3 days expired, and the owner said, ‘‘I am going to sell the gun.’’ 
This week I will be introducing a sin-
gle piece of legislation—and I ask my colleagues to join me—I know there are many other bills—to eliminate the 3- day period of discretion, that no discre-tion will exist. They either answer the question that he or she is eligible or it is denied. 
So on the graves of these wonderful 
martyrs, I stand in honor of them. I mourn them, and I mourn for their families. I say to them: We will never forget. 
Once and for all, bring the flag down 
and remove these items in this place of honor that have denigrated and consid-ered one race of people vile and un-equal. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
Congresswoman J
ACKSON LEE. Always 
detailed and insightful. Thank you for all of your work on the Judiciary Com-mittee. It is very much appreciated and hailed. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ), who 
took center stage last week as we dis-cussed and worked toward the removal of the flag. Mr. JEFFRIES. I want to thank my 
good friend, the distinguished gentle-woman from Illinois, R
OBIN KELLY , for 
once again presiding over this impor-tant CBC Special Order hour, as well as her co-anchor, the distinguished gen-tleman from New Jersey, who is right across the Hudson River, and who so ably serves the communities of Newark and beyond. 
Mr. Speaker, this evening we have 
heard from so many distinguished members of the Congressional Black Caucus, most recently from the gentle-woman from Texas, with whom I serve on the Judiciary Committee, about the importance of the moment in time in which we find ourselves right now re-lated to not just the Confederate battle flag, but perhaps more importantly: What is the legacy that we want to have as Americans, as Members of Con-gress, in dealing with the complicated issue of race? 
It is an honor and a privilege to once 
again have the chance to come to the House floor to have this conversation. 
This is a most distinguished venue 
from which to speak to the American people, an appropriate one, I would add, given the House’s constitutional relationship to the people of America, this, of course, being the only institu-tion that was envisioned by the Found-ing Fathers as one in which the people serving in the institution would be di-rectly elected by the people. 
The Senate’s Members, of course, in 
its original constitutional version, were elected by the State legislature. Then, of course, the Presidency, to this day, is a vehicle through which the in-dividual is selected by the Electoral College. 
So this is the people’s House, the in-
stitution most intimately connected to the people of America and the place where we should be able to speak truth to power. 
We witnessed that last week as we 
were forced, unfortunately, to discuss the issue of the Confederate battle flag at a moment when people of all races— Democrats and Republicans, Blacks, Whites, the extraordinary leadership from the Governor of South Carolina, and the distinguished gentleman from South Carolina, J
IMCLYBURN —came 
together. 
At the moment when the Confederate 
battle flag was coming down in South Carolina, there were Members of this House trying to lift it up. 
It was quite unfortunate that we 
needed to detour from this moment that we were having in America, led in South Carolina, to address the battle flag issue on this House floor; but I am hopeful that, as we move forward now in a more productive way, we can begin to confront some of the public policy challenges that we face in America that supporters of the Confederate bat-tle flag have fought against. 
As others have detailed during the 
presentation here today, the battle flag, which met its initial defeat in 1865 at the end of the Civil War, remained 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.046 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5113 July 13, 2015 
largely dormant in American history 
until 1954 in the Supreme Court’s deci-sion of Brown vs. Board of Education. 
It was decided that this facade of sep-
arate and equal was constitutionally suspect and that African Americans were being denied the opportunity of being educated in quality public schools in the Deep South and in other places in America. 
Really, it was in the mid-fifties and 
then into the early sixties when the Confederate battle flag was resurrected as a symbol of the segregationists who were fighting to uphold Jim Crow. 
It was a symbol of those who were 
fighting to stop the efforts of coura-geous individuals like Congressman J
OHN LEWIS, who in 1965 was the co- 
chair of the Student Nonviolent Co-ordinating Committee. 
It was a symbol of those who were 
trying to fight efforts by J
OHN LEWIS 
and others to make sure that the fran-chise—the right to vote—was color-blind in nature and that the 15th Amendment could actually be brought to life all throughout America and in the Deep South, where there were those who were trying to prevent Afri-can Americans from being able to vote. The battle flag was resurrected in the fifties and in the sixties to stop certain things from happening. 
It seems to me that, rather than hav-
ing the discussion about whether it should come down, no reasonable per-son can take the position that it should have a place of honor. So it is extraordinary to me that we had to take to the House floor last week and have to come to the House floor today to continue to address this issue. 
Hopefully, reason will prevail over 
the next couple of weeks or the next couple of days—even prior to the Au-gust recess—and we can move beyond the Confederate battle flag issue and address some important, substantive issues that many would argue remain as part of the legacy of the Confed-eracy. We don’t want to see the ghosts of the Confederacy invading the United States Congress from a policy perspec-tive. 
Those nine souls—God-fearing, 
church-going African Americans—who were killed simply because of the color of their skin died because of someone who charged into that church with the intention of sparking a race war that was inspired, in part, by the Confed-erate battle flag. 
One of the things that has happened 
as a result of that tragedy is the battle flag has come down, but that is just the beginning of the work that we need to do in response to that tragedy and the conditions that so many people find themselves in all across America. 
As has been mentioned, we have got 
to confront the gun violence issue that we have in the United States. How can it be that we have 5 percent of the world’s population, but 50 percent of the world’s guns? 
It is estimated that we have more 
than 285 million guns in circulation. Nobody can give you an exact estimate 
because a chokehold has been placed around the Federal agencies charged with preventing gun violence and deal-ing with gun safety in America. It is an incredible act of legislative mal-practice, but it is estimated that we have got over 285 million guns in Amer-ica. 
Isn’t it reasonable, particularly in 
the aftermath of this tragedy in Charleston, South Carolina, that we come together and figure out a way to prevent those guns, consistent with the Second Amendment, from falling into the hands of individuals who would do us harm? It seems to me to be a reason-able thing that we can do as Ameri-cans. 
It also seems important that we 
would find a way 50 years after the pas-sage of the 1965 Voting Rights Act to stop trying to prevent Americans from exercising their sacred franchise and participating in American democracy. 
Yet, something happened in the 
aftermath of 2008, a real interesting moment in November of that year, that seemed to have shocked a whole lot of people across this country. As a result, 2 years later, when there was a mid-term election, subsequent to that, there was an outbreak with this con-cern of voter fraud, fabricated because no one can point to any evidence of an epidemic of voter fraud. 
Not a scintilla of evidence has been 
presented anywhere in this country that we have got a problem that needs to be addressed; but we have had all of these voter suppression laws enacted that are consistent with the ghosts of the Confederacy and what those folks stood for who were waving the Confed-erate battle flag in opposition to the changes of the fifties and sixties. 
What shocks me is that even the Su-
preme Court has gotten into the act by decimating the section 5 preclearance through claiming that section 4 is out-dated, and this House refuses to act on fixing the Voting Rights Act. 
I would argue that—again, consistent 
with our democracy and the spirit of coming together—that, perhaps, that is one of the things we can address so that we can take down, on the one hand, the divisive symbol of hatred— the Confederate battle flag—from here in this Capitol and in whatever form it hangs all across America so that we can lift up policies that make Ameri-cans safer, policies that are consistent with our values and that everyone— White, Black, Latino, Asian, Demo-crats, and Republicans—should be able to rally around. 
I am thankful for Congresswoman 
K
ELLY ’s and Congressman P AYNE ’s 
leadership—this wonderful tandem, R. K
ELLY and D. P AYNE , who are tremen-
dous advocates here in the Congress— and for their giving me this oppor-tunity to share these thoughts. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
Congressman J
EFFRIES , for reminding 
us about the Voting Rights Act. Again, thank you for everything you did last week in this Congress. It was so com-
mendable. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ), who gave a 
passionate speech on the floor last week about the flag. 
b2030 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I am hon-
ored to be with the team of K
ELLY and 
PAYNE tonight. You do outstanding 
work, and you also provide an oppor-tunity for other Members to have an opportunity to call to the attention of our constituents some of the concerns that we have to address in Congress. I will always be grateful for the wonder-ful work that you do in Congress. 
I am also very grateful and thankful 
to the many persons who worked to bring down the Confederate battle flag in South Carolina. It was not easy. There are many who said they never thought they would see it happen, but it did, and it happened because of a willingness to forgive and an under-standing that we had an opportunity to do something meaningful for a good many people across the length and breadth of this country who saw the Confederate battle flag as a symbol of segregation, a symbol of racism and bigotry, a symbol of slavery. Not all did, but it was painful for a good many who did see it this way, many who suf-fered the indignation and humiliation of segregation, who suffered knowing that their bloodline had suffered slav-ery. 
So I am here tonight to thank those 
who worked so hard to get this done. It was not easy, and I want to thank you for what you did. But I also know that there are a good many people now who would like to see us go back to normal. They are ready to get back to the nor-mal things that we have in this great country of ours, the richest country in the world. For them, normal is a very pleasant thing. Normal means new homes. Normal means greater opportu-nities. 
But let’s talk about normal for some 
others in this country because normal is not always the same for everyone. Normal for the month of June 2015 un-employment: normal for Whites was 4.6 percent, that is the unemployment rate. That is normal for Whites. Nor-mal for Latinos was 6.6 percent, and normal for Blacks was 9.5 percent. 
Now, I have already heard the argu-
ments about how President Obama ought to resolve this; this is all his fault. Not so, my friends. If you look back through the vista of time, you will find that unemployment for Afri-can Americans is usually about twice the unemployment rate for White Americans. This is not something new to President Obama. This is not some-thing that started in 2008 when he was elected or when he was sworn in in 2009. This is not something that is new to us, those of us who know and see the pain and suffering that results from a lack of employment. 
We understand that the flag coming 
down was a great moment for us sym-bolically. It was symbolism. Now, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.047 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5114 July 13, 2015 
substance is what we ultimately have 
to deal with, and the substance is the normal life that people lead under con-ditions that are abnormal for many others in this country. 
Let’s look at normal as it relates to 
lending for businesses. Minority businessowners in 2012—this is the lat-est information that I have from the Federal Reserve—paid interest rates that were 32 percent higher than what Whites paid—32 percent higher. That is normal. 
Some people don’t want to go back to 
this normal state of affairs. They see the flag coming down as an indication that we need to move on in other sub-stantive areas. Lending, mortgage lending is an important area. Normal for African Americans meant that in 2013 only 4.8 percent of loans made to buy homes were made to Blacks, when Blacks comprise 13.2 percent of the total population. Normal for Latinos meant that in 2013 only 7.3 percent of the loans made to buy homes were made to Latinos, Hispanics, when they make up 17.15 percent of the total pop-ulation. That is normal. 
Normal in 2013 meant the conven-
tional mortgage loan denial rate was, and this is according to CNN, 10.4 per-cent for Whites, 13.3 percent for Asians, 21.9 percent for Hispanics, and 27.6 per-cent for African Americans. There are a good many people who don’t live nor-mal lives in this normal climate that we want to get back to—we, in a ge-neric sense. 
I, not the personal pronoun for me, I 
don’t want to get back to this. I want to see us move on with substantive change. I appreciate what was done in bringing down the flag. I celebrate its coming down, but it is time for us to initiate greater action in areas where we can integrate the money. I am an integrationist. I think we ought to in-tegrate every aspect of American soci-ety, including the money. 
Let’s talk about normal. Normal 
means that Black applicants are 2.1 times more likely to be denied loans by mortgage lenders than non-Hispanic Whites. That is normal. For Hispanics, it means that they are 1.7 times more likely to be denied loans. That is nor-mal. For Asians, 1.2 times more likely. 
So I am saying to us that we have got 
to create a new normal. It is time for us, those of us who sit on committees of jurisdiction, to use our influence on these committees of jurisdiction to bring about the substantive change that lowering the flag and placing it in its place of honor, proper place where it should be, lowering that Confederate flag. That means that we must do that, but do it in such a way that we ac-knowledge that there is more work to be done, and we can do it on our com-mittees of jurisdiction. 
So, given that I serve on the Com-
mittee on Financial Services, I will be calling to the attention of the com-mittee the need to investigate the mortgage lending culture in banks. We need to understand why it is that Afri-can Americans and Latinos who are 
equally as qualified as Whites can go into a bank and not get a loan when a White can. We have got to find out why. I know that there are many peo-ple who are uncomfortable with the language of Black and White and Brown, but that is the language we have to use to communicate clearly a message of what is taking place. 
So on my committee, I am going to 
push for an investigation of banks. We need to know why banks consistently do this. Not all banks, but we need to know why those who do it are doing it. 
The way you do this is to test, to 
send people out who are equally quali-fied of different ethnicities and acquire the empirical evidence. In every in-stance—maybe with a few exceptions, but in every instance, in a general sense, we find that Blacks and Browns who are equally as qualified as Whites do not receive their loans. 
I encourage all of my colleagues to 
use your committees of jurisdiction to create a new state of normalcy for those who have been suffering continu-ously. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you so 
much, Congressman G
REEN , for your 
words, your passion, and your call to action. 
I would like to thank all of my col-
leagues for participating tonight. Sym-bols of the Confederacy have been an inescapable and often haunting part of life in many Southern States. Every day the Confederate flag is flown proudly in front yards, worn on T- shirts, and you will find them on pick-up trucks, and that is the right that folks have. 
Many argue this is a symbol of 
Southern history, tradition, and honor. I would argue against the merits of that. After all, what are we proudly honoring and looking upon nostal-gically? The Confederate flag rep-resents a dark time in our Nation’s his-tory, full of pain, suffering, and loss. 
Why do we allow the mascot of ter-
rorist groups to fly high on the govern-ment grounds? Would we permit ISIS the luxury of putting their symbols on our Federal grounds? In modern soci-ety, people have made a decision to eradicate materials that do not rep-resent our country’s core values: the value of inclusion, the value of non-discrimination, and the value that our Nation can be the beacon of hope for everyone regardless of the color of their skin. 
The institution of slavery destroyed 
families, killed millions, and formed the beginning of a systemic inequality faced by African Americans today. That is what the Confederacy sought to preserve when it seceded from our great Nation. Every time a Confederate flag flies, whether it is the intent of the owner or not, that is what is being celebrated. 
Mr. Speaker, we need to take down 
the flag and we also need to have a se-rious conversation about gun violence. On behalf of Congressman P
AYNE and me, I yield back the balance of my 
time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus, to discuss 
tonight’s CBC Special Order Hour: ‘‘The Con-federate Battle Flag: Why Symbols Matter.’’ I stand here today fully acknowledging that the eradication of this hurtful flag from state and federal grounds is only one step in fully ad-dressing race relations in this country; but, just as so many of my CBC colleagues have stood on this very floor to exclaim that ‘‘Black Lives Matter,’’ so too do symbols. Symbols of ha-tred, institutionalized racism and white su-premacy, they matter. Symbols like the flags of Apartheid South Africa and Rhodesia, em-braced by Dylann Roof, the terrorist respon-sible for the unspeakable events at Emmanuel AME Church in Charleston last month, Mr. Speaker, they matter. 
Last week, the South Carolina legislature 
voted overwhelmingly in favor of removing— once and for all—the confederate battle flag from their Capitol grounds. I applaud the state of South Carolina for this historic gesture and for the outstanding leadership necessary to ensure that this flag comes down in the after-math of the ‘‘Emmanuel Nine’’ tragedy. I im-plore other southern states that still fly the bat-tle flag on state grounds to follow suit and have the flag removed. As a Member of Con-gress, I pledge my support to any legislation that completely eradicates this symbol from all federal lands. 
To understand why the confederate battle 
flag has been offensive to millions of Ameri-cans for so many years requires a proper framing of American History. The version of the confederate battle flag that most people are familiar with today was first used by the Army of Tennessee during the Civil War. Shortly thereafter, it became widely known as the symbol of the Confederacy—eleven states who wished to secede from the Union over the right to own slaves. For the many Americans who deny a basic historical fact by refusing to believe that slavery was a central point of con-flict in the Civil War, I quote directly from the declaration of secession from my home state of Texas: 
‘‘We hold as undeniable truths that the gov-
ernments of the various States, and of the confederacy itself were established exclusively by the white race, for themselves and their posterity; that the African race had no agency in their establishment; that they were rightfully held and regarded as an inferior and depend-ent race, and in that condition only could their existence in this country be rendered bene-ficial or tolerable.’’ 
Similarly, overt references to slavery as a 
motivation to secede from the Union are also present in the declarations of secession of South Carolina, Georgia and Mississippi. 
Repeatedly, throughout the 20th century, 
the confederate battle flag flew as a symbol of direct defiance to advancements in civil rights. The flag was first displayed at the South Caro-lina state Capitol in 1938 after angry Members of Congress defeated a bill that would have made lynching a federal crime. 
In the 1940s, the flag became the symbol of 
the Dixiecrats, the segregationist political fac-tion birthed out of its firm stance against the civil rights agenda of the national Democratic party of the time. Members of the Dixiecrats were faithfully devoted to maintaining the seg-regation of the Jim Crow South, many of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JY7.049 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5115 July 13, 2015 
whom stood on this very House floor decades 
ago, extolling the virtues of an American soci-ety that subjugated its black citizens. 
In 1962, the flag was raised to the dome of 
the South Carolina state Capitol after Presi-dent Kennedy called on Congress to end poll taxes and literacy tests for voting, and the Su-preme Court declared segregation in public transportation unconstitutional. The raising of the confederate battle flag flew as a symbol of resistance in South Carolina to two landmark achievements of progress that our country re-lied on to move forward in its quest for racial equality. 
While the confederate battle flag may rep-
resent ‘‘Southern Heritage’’ to some, to mil-lions of other Americans it represents an op-position to the racial equality we still fight for today. This flag is a symbol of the painful his-tory that this country has worked hard to over-come; and in order to continue moving for-ward, it is a symbol that we must finally put behind us. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. C LYBURN (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today. PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY 
MATERIAL 
REVISIONS TO THE AGGREGATES AND ALLOCA -
TIONS OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET RESO -
LUTION  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , 
Washington, DC, July 13, 2015. 
Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia: Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to section 314(a) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, I hereby submit for printing in the Congressional Record re-visions to the aggregates and allocations set forth pursuant to the Fiscal Year 2016 Con-current Resolution on the Budget Conference Report, S. Con. Res. 11. The revision is for new budget authority and outlays for provi-sions designated as program integrity initia-tives, pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(B) and (C) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (BBEDCA), contained in H.R. 3020, the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016. 
S. Con. Res. 11 set the base discretionary 
302(a) allocation to the Committee on Appro-priations at $1,016,582 million, which is the sum of the fiscal year 2016 discretionary spending limits under section 251(c) of BBEDCA. Section 251(b) of BBEDCA allows for adjustments to the discretionary spend-ing limits for certain purposes including overseas contingencies, disaster relief, and program integrity initiatives. H.R. 3020, the Departments of Labor, 
Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016, contains $1,484 million in budget authority for program integrity initiatives, which is within the allowable limits for this purpose as established in section 251(b)(2)(B) and (C) of BBEDCA. Accordingly, I am submitting an adjustment to S. Con. Res. 11 for an addi-tional $1,484 million in budget authority to accommodate program integrity funding contained in H.R. 3020. After making this ad-justment, H.R. 3020 is within the fiscal year 2016 discretionary spending limits under sec-tion 251(c) of BBEDCA and the 302(a) alloca-tion to the Committee on Appropriations es-tablished by S. Con. Res. 11. 
These revisions are provided for bills, joint 
resolutions, and amendments thereto or con-ference reports thereon, considered by the House subsequent to this filing, as applica-ble. For fiscal year 2016, aggregate levels of budget authority and outlays and the alloca-tion to the Committee on Appropriations, es-tablished by S. Con. Res. 11, are revised. As-sociated tables are attached. 
This revision represents an adjustment for 
purposes of budgetary enforcement. The re-vised allocation is to be considered as an al-location included in the budget resolution pursuant to S. Con. Res. 11, as adjusted. 
Sincerely, 
T
OMPRICE, M.D., 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget. 
BUDGET AGGREGATES 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
Fiscal Year 
2016 2016–2025 
Current Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 3,039,215 1 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,091,442 1 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,676,733 32,237,371 
Adjustment for H.R. 3020, Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, Appropriations Act,  2016 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 1,083 1 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 924 1 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 0 0 
Revised Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 3,040,298 1 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,092,366 1 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,676,733 32,237,371 
1Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 2017–2025 will not be considered until future sessions of Co ngress. 
ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY TO HOUSE 
COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS 
(In millions of dollars) 
2016 
Base Discretionary Action: 
BA ............................................................................ 1,016,582 OT ............................................................................ 1,156,644 
Global War on Terrorism: 
BA ............................................................................ 96,287 OT ............................................................................ 48,798 
Program Integrity: 
BA ............................................................................ 1,484 OT ............................................................................ 1,277 
Total Discretionary Action: 
BA ............................................................................ 1,114,353 OT ............................................................................ 1,206,719 
Current Law Mandatory: 
BA ............................................................................ 960,295 OT ............................................................................ 952,912 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED 
A bill of the Senate of the following 
title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1359. An act to allow manufacturers to 
meet warranty and labeling requirements for consumer products by displaying the terms of warranties on Internet websites, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2620. An act to amend the United 
States Cotton Futures Act to exclude certain cotton futures contracts from coverage under such Act. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 o’clock and 39 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, July 14, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2135. A letter from the Acting Undersecre-
tary of Defense, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter 
on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General John M. Bednarek, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
2136. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Noel T. Jones, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
2137. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General William T. Grisoli, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
2138. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s interim final rule — Partitions of Eligible Multiemployer Plans (RIN: 1212-AB29) received July 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
2139. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans and Designation of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY7.015 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5116 July 13, 2015 
Areas for Air Quality Planning Purposes; 
Tennessee; Redesignation of the Knoxville 2008 8-Hour Ozone Nonattainment Area to Attainment [EPA-R04-OAR-2014-0870; FRL- 9930-49-Region 4] received July 10, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2140. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Determinations of Attain-ment of the 1997 Annual Fine Particulate Matter Standard for the Libby, Montana Nonattainment Area [EPA-R08-OAR-2014- 0254; FRL-9930-47-Region 8] received July 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2141. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; Revisions to the New Source Review State Implemen-tation Plan; Flexible Permit Program [EPA- R06-OAR-2013-0542; FRL-9930-44-Region 6] re-ceived July 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2142. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Air Qual-ity Implementation Plans; Indiana; Lead Rule Revisions [EPA-R05-OAR-2013-0193; FRL-9930-41-Region 5] received July 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2143. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Protection of Stratospheric Ozone: Change of Listing Status for Certain Substitutes under the Significant New Alter-natives Policy Program [EPA-HQ-OAR-2014- 0198; FRL-9926-55-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS18) re-ceived July 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2144. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-98, ‘‘TOPA Bona Fide Offer of Sale Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2145. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-97, ‘‘Heat Wave Safety Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
2146. A letter from the Executive Analyst 
(Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pur-suant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2147. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-
porary rule — Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for the South Atlantic Lesser Amberjack, Almaco Jack, and Banded Rudderfish Complex [Docket No.: 120815345-3525-02] (RIN: 0648- XD988) received July 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2148. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-
tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Recreational Management Measures for the Summer Flounder, Scup, and Black Sea Bass Fisheries; Fishing Year 2015 [Dock-et No.: 150211144-5509-02] (RIN: 0648-BE89) re-ceived July 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 2898. A bill to provide drought relief in the State of California, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–197, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the union. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: Committee on 
Appropriations. Revised Suballocation of Budget Allocations for Fiscal Year 2016 (Rept. 114–198). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Agriculture discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2898 referred to Committee of the Whole House on the state of the union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. B EYER ): 
H.R. 3033. A bill to require the President’s 
annual budget request to Congress each year to include a line item for the Research in Disabilities Education program of the Na-tional Science Foundation and to require the National Science Foundation to conduct re-search on dyslexia; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. BUTTERFIELD (for himself, 
Mr. J
ONES , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. 
MAXINE WATERS of California, Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. 
PLASKETT , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
HASTINGS , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. L EE, Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. B ASS, Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G ENE 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
CLAY, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mrs. B EATTY , 
Mr. V EASEY , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, and Ms. S EWELL of Ala-
bama): 
H.R. 3034. A bill to provide for the issuance 
of a commemorative postage stamp in honor of George Henry White; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. 
F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
Mr. P ITTENGER , Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
RENACCI , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. M ULVANEY , 
Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. J ONES , Mr. R USH, 
Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. G RIJALVA , and 
Mr. M CNERNEY ): H.R. 3035. A bill to amend the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act to clarify Federal law with re-spect to reporting certain positive consumer credit information to consumer reporting agencies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. M
ACARTHUR (for himself, Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, 
Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. K INGof New York, 
and Mr. N ADLER ): 
H.R. 3036. A bill to designate the National 
September 11 Memorial located at the World Trade Center site in New York City, New York, as a national memorial, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of California): 
H.R. 3037. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve access to hospice care under the Medicare program, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin (for himself 
and Mr. S
HUSTER ): 
H.R. 3038. A bill to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Natural Resources, Science, Space, and Technology, Energy and Commerce, Homeland Security, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: 
H.R. 3039. A bill to impose penalties on 
state-sponsors of cyberattacks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Financial Services, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. CAPPS (for herself, Mr. 
L
AMALFA , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-
fornia, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
COSTA , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
TONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. Y OHO): 
H.R. 3040. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, to develop guidelines re-garding the use by the Secretaries of the military departments and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs of unofficial sources of in-formation to determine the eligibility of a member or former member of the Armed Forces for benefits and decorations when the member’s service records are incomplete be-cause of damage to the records, including records damaged by a 1973 fire at the Na-tional Personnel Records Center in St. Louis, Missouri; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS (for himself, Ms. 
L
EE, and Mr. E LLISON ): 
H.R. 3041. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to provide loans and grants for solar installations in low-income and underserved areas; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13JY7.000 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5117 July 13, 2015 
GARAMENDI , and Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ ): 
H.R. 3042. A bill to amend the Act of Octo-
ber 19, 1949 (15 U.S.C. 375 et seq.; commonly referred to as the ‘‘Jenkins Act’’), to prevent the interstate sale and delivery of electronic cigarettes, cigars, and pipe tobacco to mi-nors in violation of law; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 3043. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow allocation of cer-tain renewable energy tax credits to Indian tribes, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 3044. A bill to direct the Adminis-
trator of the National Highway Traffic Safe-ty Administration to carry out a collabo-rative research effort to prevent drunk driv-ing injuries and fatalities, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY (for himself, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , and Ms. L OFGREN ): 
H.R. 3045. A bill to amend the Reclamation 
Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Fa-cilities Act to authorize certain recycled water projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. RANGEL: 
H.R. 3046. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify and permanently extend qualified zone academy bonds, and to treat such bonds as specified tax credit bonds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H.R. 3047. A bill to require certain welfare 
programs to deny benefits to persons who fail a drug test, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, 
Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. 
HOYER ): 
H. Con. Res. 61. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the 2nd Annual Fallen Firefighters Congres-sional Flag Presentation Ceremony; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
77. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of 
the Legislature of the State of Illinois, rel-ative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 7, urg-ing the President of the United States, mem-bers of Congress, and the United States De-partment of Labor to update regulations im-plementing an executive order prohibiting discrimination by federally-assisted contrac-tors and subcontractors; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. SMITH of Texas: 
H.R. 3033. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
By Mr. BUTTERFIELD: 
H.R. 3034. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 3035. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: 
H.R. 3036. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 
By Mr. REED: 
H.R. 3037. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: 
H.R. 3038. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of Section 8 of Article 
I of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: 
H.R. 3039. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States; 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 3040. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS: 
H.R. 3041. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 3042. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 3043. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, §8. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 3044. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY: 
H.R. 3045. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States grants Congress the au-thority to enact this bill. By Mr. RANGEL: 
H.R. 3046. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article XVI of the Constitution—Congress 
shall have power to lay and collect taxes on income s...  
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H.R. 3047. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have the Power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-cises, to pay the Debt and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 73: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 169: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 204: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 213: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 282: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 300: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas. 
H.R. 307: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 317: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 333: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 353: Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 427: Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 455: Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 504: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 540: Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 548: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 563: Mr. S CHIFF and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 600: Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H.R. 649: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 662: Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 665: Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 680: Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 700: Mr. E LLISON and Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 702: Mr. L ABRADOR , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
YODER , Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 707: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 731: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 745: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 750: Mr. M EEKS and Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 753: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 757: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 759: Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 793: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia and 
Mr. K INGof Iowa. 
H.R. 815: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS and Mr. 
BUCHANAN . 
H.R. 821: Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 842: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 868: Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 879: Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 885: Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 913: Ms. C LARKE of New York and Mr. 
THOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 932: Mr. T HOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 985: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 986: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. 
H.R. 1062: Ms. B ASSand Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 1086: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1098: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 1100: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. A SHFORD , and Mr. 
VELA. 
H.R. 1148: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 1149: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 1151: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. 
H.R. 1153: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 1157: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California 
and Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 1188: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1197: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13JY7.100 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5118 July 13, 2015 
H.R. 1212: Mr. J OLLY and Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 1270: Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 1277: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. H UN-
TER, and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 1300: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1312: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 1342: Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. L OBIONDO , Ms. 
GABBARD , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mrs. B LACK , 
and Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 1354: Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 1356: Mr. K ILMER and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1384: Ms. E SHOO and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1391: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 1401: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. 
JOYCE . 
H.R. 1415: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 1419: Mr. K INDand Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 1424: Mr. R OSKAM and Mr. M CHENRY . 
H.R. 1439: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 1441: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 1453: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 1462: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. K IND, Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 1516: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. T SON-
GAS, and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1571: Mr. K ILMER and Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida. 
H.R. 1599: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H.R. 1603: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 1622: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1644: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1718: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. K ILMER and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 1832: Ms. B ASSand Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 1854: Ms. M CSALLY and Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1859: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 1901: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia and Mr. 
GOSAR . 
H.R. 1919: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1967: Mr. P ETERS , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
HECKof Washington, Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1969: Mr. J OLLY and Mr. V ELA. 
H.R. 1998: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. C ARSON of In-
diana. 
H.R. 2017: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. M ULVANEY , and 
Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 2141: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 2156: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 2218: Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 2293: Mr. K ATKO , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
SARBANES , Ms. B ONAMICI , and Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California. 
H.R. 2303: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. M AC-
ARTHUR , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. R IGELL , and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 2366: Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
of Georgia, and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 2380: Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 2391: Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. H ANNA . H.R. 2404: Mr. D OLD and Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York. 
H.R. 2410: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio. 
H.R. 2411: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 2464: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 2470: Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
TAKANO , and Mr. D OGGETT . 
H.R. 2493: Mr. O’R OURKE and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2494: Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 2500: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 2530: Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. 
HONDA , and Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 2535: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2568: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS and Mr. 
MEADOWS . 
H.R. 2615: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Ms. 
PINGREE . 
H.R. 2622: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 2633: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 2646: Mrs. B LACK and Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN . 
H.R. 2658: Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 2675: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 2689: Mr. C ALVERT and Mr. 
GARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2692: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 2698: Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 2716: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , and Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 2726: Mr. T IPTON , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , 
and Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 2730: Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 2739: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan and Ms. 
PINGREE . 
H.R. 2752: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2753: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 2769: Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 2770: Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 2775: Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
POEof Texas, and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2799: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 2800: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 2802: Mr. H ARPER , Mr. C LAWSON of 
Florida, Mr. B LUM, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, 
Mr. H UNTER , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. W HITFIELD , 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. B OU-
STANY , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. 
ROONEY of Florida, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York, and Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 2804: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2805: Mr. K ILMER , Mr. K ATKO , and Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 2835: Mr. A SHFORD and Mr. C LAWSON of 
Florida. 
H.R. 2836: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2838: Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 2866: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT and Mr. R YANof 
Ohio. 
H.R. 2873: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. D ENT, 
Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ALVERT , 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mrs. 
WAGNER . 
H.R. 2909: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 2923: Mr. R IGELL  
H.R. 2937: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 2939: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2944: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
SERRANO , Mr. J OYCE , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . 
H.R. 2964: Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. C OLE, Mr. T OMPRICE of 
Georgia, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-
zona, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , and Mr. 
ROUZER . 
H.R. 2972: Mr. B ERAand Miss R ICEof New 
York. 
H.R. 2976: Mr. D ELANEY and Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California. 
H.R. 2979: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 2980: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 2983: Ms. H AHN. 
H.R. 2994: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 3002: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B RAT, and Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 3009: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. R OONEY of Flor-
ida, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and 
Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 3029: Mr. S ARBANES and Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.J. Res. 11: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.J. Res. 25: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.J. Res. 51: Ms. B ORDELLO . 
H.J. Res. 58: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. R ENACCI and Mr. H UD-
SON. 
H. Con. Res. 40: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California 
and Ms. L EE. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. S MITH of Washington and 
Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H. Res. 139: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H. Res. 140: Mr. Y OHO. 
H. Res. 193: Mr. L EVIN. 
H. Res. 220: Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, and Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H. Res. 230: Mr. M EEHAN and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN. 
H. Res. 291: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Ms. 
PINGREE . 
H. Res. 293: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H. Res. 294: Mr. K ATKO . 
H. Res. 343: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. 
TROTT , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. R YAN of Wisconsin, 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . 
H. Res. 354: Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. D IAZ- 
BALART , Mr. J OYCE , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Miss R ICEof New York, Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H. Res. 359: Mr. J ONES . 
f 
AMENDMENTS 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-
posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 2898 
OFFERED BY: MR. CALVERT  
AMENDMENT NO. 1: Page 80, line 3, replace 
‘‘3’’ with ‘‘2’’ and after line 15, insert the fol-lowing: 
(vi) 1 member shall be a representative of 
a wildlife entity that primarily focuses on waterfowl. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY7.017 H13JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4987 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JULY 13, 2015 No. 108 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, may our lawmakers 
delight today in Your guidance, finding joy in their daily fellowship with You. Strengthened by this fellowship, enable them to be as productive as trees planted by streams of water. Lord, give our Senators the wisdom to live for Your glory in each of life’s seasons. 
Protect our Nation from the forces 
that seek to destroy it both foreign and domestic. Lord, don’t permit the weap-ons formed against America to prosper, for You remain our refuge and fortress. Continue to be the strength of our lives as we refuse to forget the many times You have protected and preserved us in the past. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
BASIN AND RANGE NATIONAL 
MONUMENT 
Mr. REID. Madam President, cowboy 
poet Georgie Connell Sicking conveyed my feelings for the Nevada desert in her poem ‘‘Nevada’s Subtle Beauty.’’ 
This picture I have in the Chamber 
has appeared all over the country. It appeared, for example, in the Wash-ington Post a week or so ago, and there are other pictures that show this at more of a distance. The man there is so small compared to the vastness of the Nevada terrain. But here is what Georgie Sicking said in her poem: 
Have you gone outdoors one morning after a 
summer rain, 
With a gentle breeze blowing across a black 
sage valley 
And smelled the earthy sagey freshness, 
none like it on this earth. 
It sure makes life worth living, and you 
know when God was giving, He didn’t short-change Nevada. 
Have you ever in the afternoon watched the 
mountains changing colors, 
From the shadows as they grow from brown 
and black to tan and violet, 
Or sometimes the deepest blue. Ever changing, ever different, they seem to 
smile, then frown, 
Waiting for sky colors to be added as the sun 
goes down. 
If these things I mention you have seen and 
felt and known, 
Beware, for Nevada has a hold on you and 
will claim you for her own. 
This is not Iowa terrain. It is very 
typical Nevada terrain, the deserts of Nevada. It is perfect. It is peaceful. It is the Nevada desert. It feels right. To me, it feels like home. 
Last Friday, President Obama per-
manently protected over 700,000 acres of land in Eastern Nevada as the Basin and Range National Monument, which photographer Tyler Roemer has cap-tured beautifully in these pictures. The land President Obama designated 
as a monument—two basins and one range—is a perfect example of the stark beauty of the Nevada desert. This monument is an area where the Mojave Desert meets the Great Basin and Joshua trees and cactus give way to sagebrush. This monument is an area that is home to desert bighorn sheep, mule deer, elk, and pronghorn ante-lope. 
This monument is an area that pro-
vided food and shelter for Native Amer-icans and is where one can see their history today in incredible rock art panels we call petroglyphs. This monu-ment is an area that reflects the pio-neering western history from early ex-plorers to the ranching that still ex-ists. 
Four or five years ago, I visited this 
area. I had been in the area but not here. I went there for a number of rea-sons. I had been informed of a five-dec-ade-old art project in the middle of the vastness of this desert. While going to see this work of art, I also saw the unique beauty of the Nevada desert, and it is unique. After I completed my trip, in giving this a lot of thought and contemplation, I became passionate about doing something to protect and preserve this incredible work of art and the stark beauty of the desert, both of which are priceless. 
This picture is part of the City. This 
work of art has taken 48 years to con-struct. It is the size of the National Mall here. It is a couple miles long and very wide—almost a mile wide. It is something that is in the center of the Basin and Range National Monument. It is called the City. It is a grand mod-ern art sculpture the size of, I repeat, the National Mall, part of which you can see in this photo from a group called the Triple Aught Foundation. 
The creator is internationally re-
nowned artist Michael Heizer, who is known all over the world. He has been working on this project, as I indicated, since 1972. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY6.000 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4988 July 13, 2015 
The New York Times has called City 
‘‘the most ambitious sculpture anyone has ever built, one of those audacious improbable American dreams at the scale of the West, conceived for the ages.’’ The canvas which makes up the background of his art is the untouched desert land of the Basin Range, which makes it all the more monumental. Hundreds and hundreds of people worked on this under the guidance of Michael Heizer. He has done remark-able stuff all over the world. The latest thing he did is in Los Angeles—in the middle of the city of Los Angeles at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art. That is a big project, but it pales in comparison to this. What he did there, he moved a rock weighing 400 tons 102 miles through the cities of California. It is called Levitated Mass. The thing in L.A.—this 400-ton boulder—looks like it is suspended in space. It is not. But people walk under it. 
I talked very recently to the Los An-
geles County Museum director, and he said this thing needs no advertising. People come to see this. And that is the same way this will be. This is a wonderful piece of art. 
One of the art critics for the Wash-
ington Post said it was the most—and I am paraphrasing—significant piece of art in the last 50 years in America. 
When I first brought this up to Presi-
dent Obama, he said: Tell me what it is. Explain it to me. I said: I can’t. How, Madam President, as you are pre-siding over this body, would you de-scribe this? It is really hard to de-scribe, and we are only seeing a tiny bit of this. It is 2 miles long and 1 mile wide, approximately. 
He has done amazing things. He has 
developed his own dirt. We have plenty of dirt in the desert, but he was afraid it would be washed away. This will never be washed away—the same up here. 
As I indicated, he has art projects all 
over the world, but he is from Nevada. He has spent a lot of his time in Ne-vada for the last 48 years, in addition to his other projects. So I am very happy this has happened in Nevada. 
By using his authority under the An-
tiquities Act, President Obama has helped preserve the life, history, and culture of Nevada—the land I love. 
Look at this. This has been preserved 
for my children, my grandchildren, their children, and their grandchildren. This is exquisite. 
Nevada is growing very rapidly. In 
the southern part of the State—Las Vegas—there are about 3 million people now. People are traveling all over Ne-vada, and we don’t have—even though it is a very large State—much un-spoiled land, but this is something that has not been spoiled. There are no roads through it, no railroads, no power lines. This is beautiful, and I am so glad the President did this. 
As renowned journalist Steve 
Sebelius wrote in his Sunday column in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, ‘‘Pre-serving the land from development was the right thing to do. History will bear 
that out, long after the wails of the disaffected have ceased to echo through the desert canyons of Nevada’s newest monument.’’ 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak in morn-ing business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SALUTING CVS HEALTH 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, the 
No. 1 preventable cause of death in America today: tobacco. People who use tobacco—smoking or chewing—de-velop a myriad of health problems, and many die prematurely. 
Tobacco companies are a big business 
in America. They have been for a long time. And they really try their best to recruit new customers when they go into junior high and high schools. Now they are in the e-cigarette business too, but I want to stick with tobacco for a moment. The notion, of course, is, if you can addict a child to nicotine, they will continue to smoke and even-tually become a lifelong user of to-bacco products. 
It has been a long time since I have 
engaged this industry in political con-test. It was a little over 25 years ago when I was a Member of the House of Representatives that I boarded an air-plane in Phoenix, AZ, at the last minute—a United airplane. I went to the ticket counter and said to the woman at the counter: Can I get on this plane? 
She said: If you hurry, you can get on 
there. Here is where you are going to be seated. 
And I said: Wait a minute. This is in 
the smoking section of the airplane and you have me in a center seat in the smoking section. Isn’t there something you can do? 
She looked at my ticket and said: No, 
Congressman, there is something you can do. 
So I got on that plane and flew from 
Phoenix to Chicago in the smoking sec-tion of the airplane—there used to be such things—and thought to myself: This is madness. Here I sit, a non-smoker, breathing in all this second-hand smoke, and there is an elderly person in the so-called nonsmoking section two rows away, and there is a lady with a baby, and why in the world do we have to be subjected to this? 
So I came back to Washington and 
introduced a bill in the House of Rep-resentatives to ban smoking on air-planes. After a lot of work and a lot of good luck, I found out that the largest 
frequent flyer club in America—the House of Representatives—did not much like smoking on airplanes either, and I won—it surprised a lot of peo-ple—beat the tobacco lobby. 
I called my friend Frank Lautenberg, 
the Senator from New Jersey, and asked him if he would take up the cause in the Senate. He did it master-fully. The two of us passed the law and changed the way America looked at smoking on airplanes. 
Neither Senator Lautenberg nor I 
knew this was a tipping point in his-tory. I did not know it. But people started thinking: If secondhand smoke is dangerous on an airplane, why isn’t it dangerous on a train, in a bus, in an office building, in a hospital, in a res-taurant? Today, 25-plus years later, if you walked into someone’s office on Capitol Hill and they had an ashtray in the middle of the table, you would think: What are they thinking? People do not do that anymore. 
It used to be standard and no one 
thought twice about lighting up. That was just your personal preference. Things have changed in America, and the number of people using tobacco products has declined because they have come to understand it is dan-gerous, it can kill you. 
But we are not the only country on 
Earth that has figured this out. Many other countries are ahead of us in terms of regulating tobacco. If you travel overseas, take a look at ciga-rette packages. Ours still look pretty fancy. They have a little label on them. But in other countries, the cigarette packages are very stark and very lim-ited in what they can say about the product. Most of what they contain are health care warnings: Tobacco can kill you. Tobacco can harm a fetus in a pregnant woman. These stark remind-ers are to discourage people from using tobacco products because countries overseas, just like the United States, understand how dangerous they are. 
So it was in that context that I was 
amazed to read something a few weeks ago. The New York Times published a devastating series of articles on how the U.S. Chamber of Commerce has been playing a global strategy to fight against effective tobacco control laws in other countries—the U.S. Chamber of Commerce fighting tobacco control laws in other countries. 
Why would the U.S. Chamber of Com-
merce—once considered a pillar of the American business community—be a champion promoting the sale and con-sumption of a deadly tobacco product in another country? It does not com-pute. One reason? The power, the money, and the influence of Big To-bacco is still very strong. The stories and letters published by the New York Times made it clear that the U.S. Chamber of Commerce has effectively rented out its letterhead to the tobacco industry, jeopardizing not only the rep-utation of the Chamber but all the member companies that belong to it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.004 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4989 July 13, 2015 
I stand here today to salute one com-
pany that has fought back at this rev-elation of this activity by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. CVS Health— you know them from their drugstores and pharmacies—announced it was going to quit the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce because the Chamber’s efforts to promote tobacco conflict with the CVS corporate policy that decided over a year ago to stop selling tobacco prod-ucts in their drugstores. 
I congratulate CVS Health. It is pret-
ty bold when they decide they are going to walk out on the U.S. Chamber of Commerce because of these rotten policies they have in discouraging to-bacco control overseas. Maybe this de-cision by CVS will give the Chamber of Commerce a reason to think twice about a policy that is going to result in deadly addictions and terrible disease. It should. The Chamber should end this insidious campaign as quickly as pos-sible. Without question, CVS Health has shown again, as they did last year, that protecting the public health is good business and it is essential to good, responsible corporate citizenship. 
The World Health Organization esti-
mates that tobacco kills more than 6 million people worldwide every year. In the 21st century, 1 billion people—1 bil-lion—are expected to die as a result of tobacco. And many of these deaths are in the poorest nations on Earth—8 out of 10 of today’s smokers living in low- income and middle-income countries. It is unconscionable that the U.S. Chamber of Commerce is going after the laws to protect the people in these poor countries. 
More than a decade ago, the World 
Health Organization adopted an inter-national treaty focused on reducing to-bacco consumption. This treaty, sup-ported by 180 countries, obligates na-tions to employ practices to reduce to-bacco use. We have made a lot of progress in the last 10 years. Madam President, 49 countries have passed comprehensive smoke-free laws pro-tecting over 1 billion people. Madam President, 42 countries have strong, graphic warning labels, covering al-most 20 percent of the population that buys these products. These policies save lives and prevent cancer, heart disease, and lung cancer. 
It is hard to imagine how the U.S. 
Chamber of Commerce can rationalize policies that literally promote the death of innocent people from the use of tobacco. 
Hats off to the CVS Health corpora-
tion for stepping up and showing re-sponsible corporate citizenship in re-signing from the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce. Maybe if the U.S. Chamber of Commerce comes to its senses, CVS might consider rejoining it. 
f 
HAITI 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, over 
the Fourth of July recess, I joined with Senator B
ILLNELSON and we went to 
Haiti. It is not a popular spot for Mem-bers of Congress to go on a weekend, 
but we made a point of going. It was a return trip for both of us. 
Our visit the first time was 5 years 
ago, after the devastating earthquake that left the capital city of Port au Prince in ruins, claimed more than 200,000 lives, and more than 1 million people were displaced from their homes. I recall visiting the island that many years ago, 2 years after the earthquake, and witnessing the ongo-ing devastation—people still living in tents. So it was with some satisfaction to see that Haiti has come a long way. Buildings are being rebuilt, the over-whelming majority of those displaced have found housing, and the economy is starting to recover. 
The United States has been a major 
contributor to Haiti’s recovery, and I want to praise the dedicated American Government officials who work in a challenging environment—notably under the incredible and tireless and amazing leadership of our U.S. Ambas-sador in Haiti, Pam White, a career employee of USAID and now our Na-tion’s Ambassador to Haiti. 
I noted that the Senate recently con-
firmed a couple of President Obama’s nominees to become Ambassadors. There are now dozens still waiting. Can you imagine the United States of America in our Embassies overseas with no Ambassador month after month after month, when worthy peo-ple have been nominated and the U.S. Senate refuses to even consider an Obama nomination for Ambassador? Many of these are not political. They are career. They spent their career working in the State Department. Now, at the end of their career, they are named Ambassador, and the For-eign Relations Committee in the Sen-ate, under Republican leadership, re-fuses to call President Obama’s nomi-nees for these ambassadorial posts. 
In many countries, the foreign min-
ister in those countries counts the days and weeks that the United States has not had an ambassador. It is an embar-rassment. I hope the majority party now will at least give the President and our Nation the opportunity to put good representatives of our countries overseas. 
Madam President, I wish to say a few 
words about the current President of Haiti, whose term ends this year. His name is Michel Joseph Martelly. He is known as Sweet Micky, which used to be his stage name when he was a rock and roll singer. He has now been the President 4
1⁄2years and has done some 
very good things. He wisely guided his nation through the post-earthquake process and a lot of political change. 
The end of his term marks an impor-
tant moment for Haiti and its future. Given that the Haitian Parliament dis-solved in January, the success and timeliness of these elections cannot be overstated. I urge the political parties and candidates to renounce the use of electoral violence and to participate constructively in the upcoming elec-tion. And I hope that the neighboring 
country, the Dominican Republic, will join with Haiti in resolving some very vexing immigration problems between these two countries. These are prob-lems which involve some of the poorest people on that island of Hispaniola. We need to find a way to treat them in a decent and humane fashion so they can ultimately be located in a place where they can maintain their dignity and their work. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, on 
the floor now when we return for de-bate is the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, which has been named the Every Child Achieves Act, and is before the Senate this week. We may finish it. The issue is our opportunity on a periodic basis to debate the future of K–12 education in America. Millions of Americans follow this debate. It af-fects their local schools and school dis-tricts. 
It was under President George W. 
Bush that there was an amazing bill passed called the No Child Left Behind Act. What was amazing, politically, was that President Bush—a Republican and a conservative—called for a larger role by the Federal Government in evaluating school districts and teach-ers and in deciding whether they were succeeding. It was controversial from the start. Ultimately, we have moved away from it. 
This new bill takes a much different 
approach. Instead of testing, testing, testing and grading school districts, we are basically shifting the responsibility back to the States to do this. It re-mains to be seen whether this is or will be an improvement. 
We learned a lot under No Child Left 
Behind when we took a close look at test scores. To say what the average test score is at a school meant very lit-tle—or nothing—when we broke out the students at the school and found out that some were doing exceedingly well and some not so well at all. We could find groups of students—some minority groups, for example—who were not doing very well at school, but the other kids might have brought the scores up. So now, by disaggregating scores, we can target our efforts and make sure that some students have a fighting chance. 
It remains to be seen, under this 
Every Child Achieves Act, whether we have gone far enough or too far in shifting the responsibility back to the States. 
I will mention very briefly, because I 
see my friend and colleague from Vermont on the floor, that there is one amendment here that I have offered with Senator C
APITO . This bipartisan 
amendment would require States to in-clude information on their State report cards about postsecondary enrollment rates at public and State institutions. It will allow States to go further and include information on private, public, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.005 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4990 July 13, 2015 
and out-of-State enrollment as well. It 
would encourage States to produce and publish data on remediation rates on students, so we can better understand which high schools are truly preparing their students for postsecondary edu-cation. Much of the data is already col-lected by the States. So the additional burden would be minimal. 
Ensuring students coming out of high 
school are college and career ready is an important goal of the bill. Our com-monsense bipartisan amendment would help track whether that goal is being met. 
The amendment is supported by the 
Business Roundtable, Leadership Con-ference on Civil Rights, Education Trust, National Center for Learning Disabilities, National Council of La Raza, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and America Forward. 
There is one other amendment I 
have, and I will close on this. When it relates to high school athletics, many of us are concerned about the incidents of concussions occurring in sporting events. I filed an amendment based on my Protecting Student Athletes from Concussions Act. It is supported by the American Academy of Neurology, American College of Sports Medicine, Illinois High School Association, NCAA, Major League Baseball, Na-tional Basketball Association, Na-tional Football League, National Hock-ey League, and many others. 
It directs States to develop concus-
sion safety plans for public schools to protect student athletes from this dan-gerous injury. Most importantly, it would require the adoption of a ‘‘when in doubt, sit it out’’ policy, promoted by the medical community. This means that a student athlete suspected of a concussion would be removed from play and prohibited from returning to play that same day, no matter what. It doesn’t make any difference how much he pleads or what the score of the game is or who is sitting in the stands. If you think you have evidence of a concus-sion, be safe. Don’t put that student athlete back on the field. 
It would take the decision on when to 
put an injured athlete back in the game out of the hands of the coach, the athlete, and the parents. While I don’t believe we will be able to get the adop-tion of the full amendment, I am pleased that a substitute includes a clear statement that allows funds to be used to develop these policies. I thank Chairman A
LEXANDER and Senator 
MURRAY for working with us to include 
that. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, my 
dear friend, the senior Senator from Kansas, is going to speak next, but he has graciously allowed me to have the very few minutes I asked for, and then he will be recognized as soon as I give my statement. 
(The remarks of Mr. L
EAHY per-
taining to the submission of S. Res. 222 are printed in today’s R ECORD under 
‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. LEAHY. I yield the floor, and I 
thank the Senator from Kansas. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Madam President, I 
thank my colleague. I hope he gets bet-ter from his cold. He did our sports presentation for us this morning. Maybe he could do the sports news for us every morning. 
Mr. LEAHY. If the Senator will yield, 
it is not a cold. There are a few more pollens in the air that we Vermonters are not used to. 
Mr. ROBERTS. I understand. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Mr. ROBERTS. Madam President, I 
rise to talk about the bill we have be-fore us today. 
We in the Senate have a unique op-
portunity long overdue and a responsi-bility to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. The ac-ronym is ESEA. This legislation is long overdue. It is vital for our children and their future that we get it right when addressing education policy. The con-sequences will be seen for years to come. 
I would like to acknowledge and es-
pecially commend the work of Chair-man L
AMAR ALEXANDER and Ranking 
Member P ATTY MURRAY , who worked 
so hard to get us to this point. This is something rather unique in the Senate. We are coming together. We are perco-lating with regards to important bills. This is a tremendously important bill. 
Due to their bipartisan leadership, 
the Every Child Achieves Act was ap-proved back in April by the HELP Committee, of which I am a proud member, 22 to 0. I was very proud to vote yes. 
Let me repeat that. It passed 22 to 0. 
Because of that hard work, led by Sen-ators A
LEXANDER and M URRAY , we are 
currently debating ESEA in the Senate for the first time since 2001. That is 14 years—14 years—that we have not had a reauthorization bill come to the Sen-ate floor, and there is a lot of hope that it will pass. This is a prime example of what is possible when the Senate func-tions as it should and committees are actually able to legislate. 
Recently, 10 national education 
groups, representing educators, prin-cipals, school boards, superintendents, chief State school officers, parents and PTAs, and school business officials, called on the Senate to consider the Every Child Achieves Act to reauthor-ize the ESEA. 
Daniel Domenech, executive director 
of the School Superintendents Associa-tion, wrote this in a letter: 
The nation’s K–6th graders have spent 
every day of their K–12 experience under an outdated and broken ESEA. Our students want and deserve more. 
His remarks perfectly summarize the 
issues at hand. 
I want to turn to a critical issue for 
States and school districts. Over the last few years, the administration has 
doubled down on Federal mandates and has used the waiver process to create law by fiat—thereby circumventing Congress and allowing those who have a Federal agenda in Washington to make too many decisions that are best left to the States and the school dis-tricts. It is evident that waivers have been granted only to those States that agree to implement the administra-tion’s preferred education policies. That is just not right. 
In fact, the New York Times has re-
ferred to the waiver process as ‘‘the most sweeping use of executive author-ity to rewrite Federal education law since Washington expanded its involve-ment in education in the 1960s.’’ 
Under section 9401 of current law, the 
‘‘Secretary may waive any statutory or regulatory requirement of this Act for a state education agency, local edu-cation agency, Indian tribe or school’’ if that entity receives funds and re-quests a waiver. 
Language included in the Every Child 
Achieves Act amends section 9401 to clarify that the waiver process is in-tended to be led by State and local re-quests, not Washington mandates. This will help ensure the process is State- driven and will allow for greater flexi-bility and innovation. 
In July 2011, the Congressional Re-
search Service issued a report pro-viding an overview of the Secretary’s waiver authority under ESEA and warned of potential legal limits and challenges to the Secretary’s flexi-bility proposal. 
The report states: ‘‘If the Secretary 
did, as a condition of granting a waiv-er, require a grantee to take another action not currently required under the ESEA, the likelihood of a successful legal challenge will increase.’’ 
I have worked long and hard for lan-
guage in the bill—years and years— that will prohibit the Secretary from imposing any additional requirements to waiver requests not authorized by the Congress. I am fully committed to fighting this one-size-fits-all Federal education agenda because I firmly be-lieve local control is best when it comes to education. 
The Every Child Achieves Act, in its 
current form, puts an end to Wash-ington mandates and allows Kansans to make their own decisions about the best way to improve education. While this legislation heads in the right di-rection in reducing the Federal foot-print, I want to remind my colleagues it is important that we avoid adding back Federal mandates and prescrip-tive requirements. 
As we move forward, I will continue 
to push to return K–12 education deci-sion-making to State and local control, where we can establish the best poli-cies to ensure that every child receives the highest quality education. 
Now, I would like to briefly discuss 
something called Common Core and the Federal overreach in education. Common Core started out as a State- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.007 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4991 July 13, 2015 
led effort to create high standards that 
States would voluntarily adopt, but the administration had different ideas. 
In homes across America, parents are 
raising questions about what their children are being taught. In many cases, parents are hearing that local curriculum decisions have been driven by the Common Core education stand-ards that most States adopted in a hurry under Federal pressure with lit-tle or no public input. 
Decisions about what children are 
taught are best made on the local level as close to parents as possible. The Federal Government should not have overriding influence over State and local education decisions. Simply put, the Department of Education has incentivized and coerced States into implementing Common Core education standards. Some within our education community in Kansas have even called this practice a bribe. 
The administration made it a cri-
terion for States to adopt Common Core standards to have a reasonable chance to receive Federal funding under the multibillion-dollar Race to the Top Program and used Federal funds to develop Common Core-aligned tests. They have also threatened to withhold waivers from the onerous pro-visions of the No Child Left Behind Act if States do not adopt Common Core or similarly aligned standards and assess-ments. This is wrong. 
For that reason, earlier this year, I 
reintroduced the LOCAL Level Act, S. 182, to explicitly prohibit the Federal Government’s role and involvement in Common Core. My legislation would strictly forbid the Federal Government from intervening in a State’s education standards, its curricula, and assess-ments through the use of incentives, mandates, grants, waivers or any form of manipulation. Simply put, my legis-lation will preserve State education autonomy. 
A State will now be free from Federal 
interference in how to decide whether to use Common Core or any other type of academic standard. I am pleased the bill before us includes the language from my LOCAL Level Act and will, once and for all, end the administra-tion’s use of waivers to force or incentivize States to adopt Common Core standards. 
It will end the Obama administra-
tion’s—and, for that matter, any future administration’s—ability to use any tool of coercion to force States to adopt Common Core or any set of standards at all, whether it is Common Core by another name or some new set of standards—period. 
I thank Chairman A
LEXANDER for in-
cluding my language because I firmly believe it will prohibit the administra-tion from finding additional ways to promote a State’s adoption of Common Core. 
I want to emphasize setting high 
standards for our schools, our teachers, and our children obviously is the right thing to do. But we will decide those standards in Kansas, and those deci-
sions will be made in other States as well. We need to get the Federal Gov-ernment out of the classroom and re-turn our community decisions back to where they belong—in the community. 
If the Every Child Achieves Act be-
comes law, we can finally say goodbye to Federal interference in what we teach our kids in school. Chairman A
LEXANDER has stated that with this 
bill, we have the first opportunity in 25 years to restore decision-making back to States, local school districts, super-intendents, principals and teachers, local school boards, parents, and espe-cially the students. He is right. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
Mrs. CAPITO. Madam President, I 
rise to express my strong support for the Every Child Achieves Act that is pending before the Senate. I want to commend Chairman A
LEXANDER and 
Ranking Member M URRAY for working 
in such a great bipartisan fashion that brought this bill to the floor that will improve the quality of education for children across our country. 
The Every Child Achieves Act puts 
States and local officials back in con-trol of our local schools. As we heard from the Senator from Kansas, Mr. R
OBERTS , his hard work on this bill 
also stops the Department of Edu-cation from conditioning Federal fund-ing on the adoption of national stand-ards like Common Core. 
Importantly, this bill also makes 
sure parents and taxpayers continue to have access to important information about how the schools in their commu-nities are performing. The Every Child Achieves Act deserves the Senate’s support this week. Last week, the Sen-ate unanimously adopted an amend-ment that will allow community school programs the flexibility to use Federal funds to pay for a site resource coordi-nator at their school or local education agency. This is important to the State of West Virginia. We have community schools. Community school programs provide important health, nutrition, and other key services for many of our West Virginia students who are, unfor-tunately, living in poverty. 
The amendment passed last week will 
allow those programs to better coordi-nate with community partners to pro-vide resources and support for our chil-dren in need. I was happy to work with Senator B
ROWN and my fellow Senator 
from West Virginia, Mr. M ANCHIN , to 
see that that amendment passed. 
I also want to talk briefly about a bi-
partisan amendment I introduced with Senator D
URBIN —he spoke about it a 
few minutes ago on the floor—that takes important steps to create trans-parency for students and families. It does so by allowing students and par-ents to know the quality and progress of their schools as it relates to college readiness. 
This amendment will require States 
and local educational agencies to in-clude postsecondary enrollment data 
on the existing report card measures that are included in the Every Child Achieves Act. It also encourages the inclusion of data on postsecondary re-mediation. 
It is supported by dozens of organiza-
tions, including the College Summit, the Business Roundtable, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, because this amendment seeks to improve the edu-cation outcomes of our students. 
Parents and students alike deserve to 
know they are being adequately pre-pared to enter and succeed in postsec-ondary education. Including these sim-ple, easy-to-understand measures on State and local report cards will pro-vide them with the information they need to make informed choices about their future education. Additionally, the data will help States and school districts target limited resources to the schools that need it most. This amendment was carefully crafted to avoid putting onerous and additional burdens on our schools and States. Nearly all States already have made the investments necessary to collect, link, and report this data. In fact, the majority of States are already report-ing it. Currently, 40 States produce high school feedback reports that in-clude postsecondary enrollment data. More than 30 States already include some measure of postsecondary suc-cess, such as remediation rates. 
Adding postsecondary enrollment 
and remediation rates to existing re-port card measures included in Every Child Achieves Act would make sure students, parents, educators, and pol-icymakers have access to critical infor-mation about how well our high schools are preparing students to enter and succeed in postsecondary edu-cation. The end result will be success-fully restoring decisionmaking to those who know best—the students and their parents. 
I urge everyone to support this 
amendment and also to support the bill. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
f 
STUDENT NON-DISCRIMINATION 
ACT 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I 
rise to speak about the urgency of passing the Student Non-Discrimina-tion Act, which takes the same protec-tions that children have against dis-crimination on the basis of race and national origin and gender and dis-ability, and it extends those protec-tions to lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender children—LGBT children. That is it. It is a simple bill. It stands for the principle that LGBT kids have a right not to be bullied just because of who they are. 
There are people who will say: What 
can you do to stop bullying? Kids will be kids. Boys will be boys. I don’t think that is right. Because what we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.012 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4992 July 13, 2015 
are seeing in our schools today is not 
just teasing; it is not playground be-havior. What we are seeing is more than just bullying. We are seeing dis-crimination. Let me explain what I mean. 
If a Black child was referred to by a 
racial slur at school, would we say kids will be kids? If a Jewish student got beat up because he wore a yarmulke to school, would we wave it off and say boys will be boys? If a shop teacher told a female teacher she didn’t belong in his class, would we be fine if the school just looked the other way? 
No, we would not. In fact, there are 
Federal civil rights laws that are spe-cifically designed to stop this kind of conduct. But if a gay child is relent-lessly harassed by his classmates, if a principal tells a girl she can’t go to her senior prom because she wants to bring another girl as her date or if a school stands by as teachers, students, and other administrators refer to a transgender child not as ‘‘he’’ or ‘‘she’’ but as ‘‘it,’’ there is no law that was written to protect those children. Our laws fail those children, and that is just wrong. We can change that. 
The bullying of LGBT children in our 
schools has reached epidemic propor-tions. More than 30 percent of LGBT kids report missing a day of school in the previous month because they felt unsafe. Nearly 75 percent of LGBT stu-dents say they have been verbally har-assed at school, and more than 35 per-cent of LGBT students report being physically attacked. You cannot learn if you dread going to school. It has been estimated that, on average, LGBT kids comprise 40 percent of all home-less youth. To be sure, family rejection is a leading factor, but LGBT kids’ in-ability to escape verbal harassment and physical attacks makes them drop out, which makes them much more likely to be homeless. That is unac-ceptable. Our children should not have to experience that kind of hate at school, and, as we have seen all too often, some of them just can’t endure it. 
A few years ago, I met a wonderful 
woman named Wendy Walsh, the moth-er of Seth Walsh, whose photo is next to me here. Wendy told me that Seth had endured years of anti-gay harass-ment at school in Tehachapi, CA. When he was in the fifth grade, other stu-dents started calling him gay, and as he got older the harassment became more frequent and more abusive. By seventh grade, taunts and verbal abuse were a constant part of Seth’s day. Students called him faggot and queer. He was afraid to use the restroom or to be in the boys’ locker room before gym class. 
Seth had always been a good student, 
receiving A’s and B’s, but as the har-assment escalated, he started to get failing grades. Friends reported that he became depressed and withdrawn. Wendy desperately tried to get school district officials to do something, but her pleas were brushed aside, and in September of 2010, Seth hanged himself 
from a tree in his family’s backyard. He was 13. Seth left a note expressing his love for family and friends but also 
his anger at the school. 
Justin Aaberg was a rising sopho-
more at high school in Anoka, MN, my home State. Justin played the cello. In fact, he composed music for the cello. His mother Tammy told people that he was a ‘‘sweet boy who seemed to al-ways have a smile on his face.’’ Justin came out to his mom when he was 13. In July of 2010, Justin hanged himself in his bedroom. His mother later learned from Justin’s friends and from messages he left before his death that he had been the victim of incessant bullying at school. Justin was 15 when he died. 
Carl Walker Hoover was a Boy Scout 
and a football player for his school in Springfield, MA. But starting in the sixth grade, the kids at Carl’s school started to bully and harass him for ‘‘acting gay’’ or ‘‘acting like a girl’’ even though he didn’t identify as LGBT. When Carl’s mother, Sirdeaner Walker, learned about the harassment, she spoke to his principal, his teacher, and his guidance counselor repeatedly, asking the school to intervene. But in April of 2009, Sirdeaner found her son hanging by an extension cord on the second floor of her home. In the letter Carl left behind, he said he simply couldn’t take it anymore. Carl was 11 years old. 
Justin, Seth, and Carl’s stories are 
not anomalies. They are just a few of the many tragic cases in an epidemic of school bullying against LGBT kids or kids who are perceived to be LGBT. 
The bill we are debating this week is 
an education bill, a bill about taking the steps necessary to secure better and brighter futures for our children. It is our responsibility not just as Sen-ators but as adults to protect children and to help them flourish. Children who are afraid to go to school can’t get a good education. 
Think about the children in your 
life—your son or your daughter, your grandchild or your niece or nephew— and what it must be like for a child in your life to get up and face the school day ahead not with excitement but with anxiety and fear, with dread and shame. This shouldn’t happen in Amer-ica. In America, we have passed laws that guard against harassment in our schools on the basis of race, national origin, sex, and disability, but LGBT students face bullying and intimida-tion without recourse. 
This amendment would simply pro-
vide LGBT kids with the same legal remedies available to other kids under our Federal civil rights laws. It says that schools would have to listen when a parent calls and says: My child isn’t safe, and then the school has to do something about it. It would ensure that LGBT kids have the same protec-tions, not some of the same protec-tions, as other kids. 
This is not a revolutionary idea. In 
fact, more than a dozen States have al-ready passed laws that protect stu-
dents from discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity, and it is working. In States that have protections for sexual orientation and gender identity in schools, LGBT stu-dents report nearly one-third fewer in-stances of physical harassment and nearly half as many instances of phys-ical assault as in States lacking these protections. 
We have come incredibly far in our 
understanding of LGBT people in a very short period of time not just as a country but as a body. In 2013, by a vote of 64 to 32, the Senate passed ENDA, the Employment Non-Discrimi-nation Act, which would prohibit job discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity. It would prohibit firing someone or harassing them at work for being gay or transgender. It would protect adults. 
Now it is time to protect kids and to 
put in place policies to ensure that a child of 11 or 13 or 15 is allowed to live their life and discover who they are—to discover that maybe they are a great cellist or a first-round NFL draft pick—without facing taunts and in-timidation and physical violence in the school. It is our responsibility as a country and as a body to protect our children. I strongly urge my colleagues to do just that by supporting the Stu-dent Non-Discrimination Act and vot-ing for it as an amendment to this bill. 
I thank the Presiding Officer and 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
f 
PROTECTING STUDENT PRIVACY 
ACT 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, we 
do not have to look any further than the recent data breaches at the Gov-ernment Office of Personnel Manage-ment, Target, Home Depot, Sony, Neiman Marcus, and countless others to know there are pitfalls to the rush to store our personal, sensitive data online. And there is no information more personal and more sensitive than that of school-aged children. 
The business of sifting through and 
storing the records of grade school and high school students is growing as fast as students are. By collecting personal information about students’ test re-sults and learning abilities, teachers may find better ways to educate their students. We can help improve their test scores, improve academic achieve-ment, and prepare students for the fu-ture. 
The increased use of data analysis of 
student performance holds promise for increasing student achievement, but at the same time there are perils from a privacy perspective. Putting the sen-sitive information of students in the hands of third parties and private sec-
tor companies raises a number of very serious questions about the privacy rights of parents and their children. The information being collected is about students as young as 5 years old. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.013 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4993 July 13, 2015 
As a nation, we have already decided 
that children require extra protection, and that is why in the House of Rep-resentatives I was the principal author of the Children’s Online Privacy Pro-tection Act, or COPPA, which is what it is called. COPPA is the communica-tions constitution for protecting chil-dren when they are online. I believe very deeply that parents, not private companies, should have the right to 
control information about their chil-dren, even when a child’s data is in the hands of a private company. 
We know that the pre-K through 12 
educational software and digital con-tent market is currently worth more than $8 billion. I will say that again. An $8 billion industry has now been built up around pre-K through 12 edu-cational software, and nearly all of America’s school districts rely on cloud services for a diverse range of functions that include data collection and analysis related to student per-formance. 
As data analytics companies increas-
ingly play a role in the education area, Congress must act to ensure that safe-guards are in place for student data that is shared with third parties. Show- and-tell should be a classroom exercise with students, not with students’ per-sonal and sensitive information. 
A child’s educational record should 
not be sold as a product on the open market. That is why earlier this year I introduced the Protecting Student Pri-vacy Act with Senators H
ATCH and 
KIRK. That is why today my colleague 
Senator H ATCH and I are offering a bi-
partisan amendment which the Sen-ators will be asked to vote on which will establish a commission to report to Congress on how we protect student privacy and parental rights in the dig-ital age. 
These recommendations the Senators 
will be voting on here today will in-clude a number of things—No. 1, how to prevent marketers from using edu-cational records to target students with advertisements. The goal here is 
to help young scholars make the grade—not to have private sector com-panies make a sale. They should not be using the information they have in order to target young kids with prod-ucts. That should be an issue for which we have a national policy. 
No. 2, when should student informa-
tion be deleted? Permanent records of children shouldn’t be held permanently by private sector companies, but only by students and their parents. 
No. 3 is how parents should be able to 
access and correct private information about their children. Just as there could be an erroneous charge on a cred-it report and that should not prevent someone from getting a loan, a false grade or a false bit of information on a report card shouldn’t prevent a young person from getting into the college of their choice, and parents should have the ability to say they want that changed. 
No. 4, how do we ensure that outside 
vendors, outside companies that handle and store this sensitive information 
put in place the strongest possible data security standards? This is a business. These companies are making money, saying: We will store this information so you don’t have to build more phys-ical storehouses. We will put this infor-mation up into the cloud. That will be a real cost savings for the school sys-tem. Well, how much security is that private sector company now going to build around the cloud with all of that information? Are they going to have the highest level of cyber security pro-tections built in? Or are they just going to buy something that is dirt cheap and say they have security pre-cautions but, like Target, like Sony, like the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, they will not have actually put in place the security protections which will ensure that children’s most sen-sitive information is not compromised as it is being stored up in the cloud. 
The reality is that our data is being 
increasingly compromised, and compa-nies of all shapes and sizes must devote the resources necessary to protect that information. As it is stored in the cloud and as it is being subjected to malicious attacks, there must be a se-curity system that can repel those at-tacks. 
The amendment Senator H
ATCH and I 
bring to the floor here this afternoon at 5:30 brings together privacy experts, parents, school leaders, public advo-cates, and the technology industry in order to tackle how to best balance protecting students’ personal informa-tion while promoting greater academic achievement. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment. 
There is a Dickensian quality to this 
digital world. It is the best of tech-nology and the worst of technology si-multaneously. It can be used to enable and ennoble. It can be used to degrade and debase. How we choose will only be determined by human beings and by those who represent them in the Sen-ate. We have to ensure that we put in place policies that ensure we have the best use of these digital technologies while not having children and their parents be robbed of the private infor-mation that is so sensitive to the long term well-being of a child as they are developing. 
That is what this amendment is all 
about here today. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
f 
EXTENSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that morning business be extended until 4:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SANCTUARY POLICY 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, 
just 12 days ago, Kate Steinle was walking along Pier 14 in San Francisco 
with her father when she was shot by an individual in this country illegally. At the age of 32—a very young age—her life was taken. Friends and family mourned her death and laid her to rest late last week. 
Kate Steinle should be with us today. 
Her death is a result of weak immigra-tion policies, an insecure border, and a lack of will to enforce the law. Her al-leged killer was deported five times and has a rap sheet that dates back to 1991. Despite his criminal background, San Francisco’s sanctuary policy al-lowed this man to walk the streets. 
Today we are learning that there are 
thousands of detainers placed each year on undocumented immigrants by Federal officials, but these detainers go ignored. 
Detainers are requests to another law 
enforcement entity that it wants to take custody of a person. The Federal Government will ask, for instance, a State or local jurisdiction to hold an individual for 48 hours until the Fed-eral Government can assume custody. 
According to government documents 
provided by the Center for Immigration Studies, between January and Sep-tember of 2014, there were 8,811 de-clined detainers in 276 counties in 43 States, including the District of Co-lumbia. Of the 8,811 declined detainers, 62 percent of them were associated with over 5,000 individuals who were previously charged, convicted of a crime or presented some other public safety concern. And nearly 1,900 of the released offenders were arrested for an-other crime once they were released by the sanctuary jurisdiction. 
This is very disturbing—not only to 
me but to most Americans. There is no good rationale for noncooperation be-tween Federal officials and State and local law enforcement. Public safety is put at risk when State and local offi-cials provide sanctuary to lawbreaking immigrants just to make some polit-ical point. 
But San Francisco isn’t the only one 
to shoulder blame here. The Obama ad-ministration has turned a blind eye to law enforcement in this area, even re-leasing thousands of criminal aliens on its own, many of whom have gone on to commit serious crimes—even murder. They have also turned a blind eye to sanctuary cities, all while challenging States to take a more aggressive ap-proach to immigration and enforcing immigration laws. 
That is why I wrote to Attorney Gen-
eral Lynch and Department of Home-land Security Secretary Johnson just last week. I urged them to take control of the situation so that detainers are not ignored and undocumented individ-uals are safely transferred to Federal custody and put into deportation pro-ceedings. I implored them to take a more direct role in this matter. 
This administration needs to stop 
turning a blind eye to State and local jurisdictions that thumb their nose at the law and harbor criminals who are evading immigration authorities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.015 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4994 July 13, 2015 
But this isn’t a new issue for this ad-
ministration. I wrote to then-Secretary Napolitano in 2011 and asked her to in-tervene in Cook County, IL, another sanctuary jurisdiction. I wrote to her again, along with then-Attorney Gen-eral Holder, about sanctuary cities in January of 2012. They failed to do any-thing at the time. In fact, since then, administration officials have made it clear that detainers did not have to be honored. 
The man charged with the murder of 
Kate Steinle told officials that he sought refuge and moved to San Fran-cisco precisely because of its sanctuary policy. 
This is a tipping point, however. 
There are many other victims we need to remember. 
That is why, as chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee, I plan to hold a hear-ing on the President’s immigration policies and the tragic effect they are having on Americans. I have invited the head of U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement as well as the Direc-tor of U.S. Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services to testify. Before they testify, I plan to have relatives of vic-tims present to tell Congress how their loved ones and how their lives have been forever changed because of crimi-nal aliens. This hearing will take place next Tuesday. 
This is far too important an issue to 
go unresolved. The heartbreaking death of Kate Steinle at the hands of a criminal alien in the country illegally underscores the need for swift and deci-sive action to prevent further tragedies of this nature. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT OF 
2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 1177, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1177) to reauthorize the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
Pending: 
Alexander/Murray amendment No. 2089, in 
the nature of a substitute. 
Murray (for Peters) amendment No. 2095 
(to amendment No. 2089), to allow local edu-cational agencies to use parent and family engagement funds for financial literacy ac-
tivities. 
Murray (for Warren/Gardner) amendment 
No. 2120 (to amendment No. 2089), to amend section 1111(d) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 regarding the cross-tabulation of student data. 
Alexander (for Kirk) amendment No. 2161 
(to amendment No. 2089), to ensure that States measure and report on indicators of student access to critical educational re-sources and identify disparities in such re-sources. 
Alexander (for Scott) amendment No. 2132 
(to amendment No. 2089), to expand oppor-tunity by allowing Title I funds to follow low-income children. 
Alexander (for Hatch/Markey) amendment 
No. 2080 (to amendment No. 2089), to estab-lish a committee on student privacy policy. 
Murray (for Franken) amendment No. 2093 
(to amendment No. 2089), to end discrimina-tion based on actual or perceived sexual ori-entation or gender identity in public schools. 
Murray (for Kaine) amendment No. 2118 (to 
amendment No. 2089), to amend the State ac-countability system under section 1113(b)(3) regarding the measures used to ensure that students are ready to enter postsecondary education or the workforce without the need for postsecondary remediation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I 
believe that providing all of our stu-dents with a quality education is one of our most important national priorities. The workforce in the years to come will depend on today’s students being 
able to create and take on the jobs of tomorrow, and providing students with the chance to learn, grow, and thrive will help our country continue to com-pete and lead in the 21st-century global economy. 
Today we are continuing our work on 
the Senate floor to make sure all of our students have access to a quality edu-cation by working to fix the badly bro-ken No Child Left Behind law. I thank Chairman A
LEXANDER , the senior Sen-
ator from Tennessee, for working with me on this bipartisan bill. He has been a great partner throughout this proc-ess. The bipartisan bill, the Every Child Achieves Act, is a good step in the right direction. It gives our States more flexibility while also including Federal guardrails to make sure all students have access to a quality pub-lic education. But I want to work, of course, to continue to improve and strengthen this bill throughout this process on the Senate floor. I want to make sure struggling schools get the resources they need. I want to make sure all of our kids, especially our most vulnerable students, are able to suc-ceed in the classroom. 
Finishing this process and getting a 
bill signed into law isn’t going to be easy. Nothing in Congress ever is. But students and parents and teachers in communities across our country—in-cluding in my home State of Wash-ington—are looking to Congress to fix this broken law. We cannot let them down. We need to work across the aisle to provide a quality education for all students, regardless of where they live or how they learn or how much money their parents make. So I look forward to continuing to 
work with Chairman A
LEXANDER as we 
move this through the Senate floor and to conference—and I think he agrees with me—and, hopefully, to the Presi-dent to get it signed into law. I see the chairman is here. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
I do agree with the Senator on our goal. We had a good week last week. We had a large number of amendments that were agreed to, a number were adopted in addition to ones we had in committee. We need to finish this week. We need Senators to do what members of the committee did, which is to pursue a result exercising some restraint. If we all insist on everything we have a right to insist on, nothing would ever happen. 
As Senator M
URRAY said, teachers, 
Governors, school boards, and parents are expecting us to get this job done. We can do it. The House did its part last week. We can finish our work this week. Put it together and then she is correct, we want a result, not just a po-litical speech, which means we need to have the President’s signature in the end. So we have a bipartisan process. We are 7 years overdue. This is a bill everybody in the country who cares about education wants us to act on. We have had a remarkable consensus on what we need to do. 
Basically, what we are saying is that 
we want to keep the important meas-urements of student achievement so parents and teachers and communities can know how children are doing, how schools are doing, whether anyone is being left behind, but we want to re-store to States and local school boards and communities and classroom teach-ers the responsibility for deciding what to do about the results of those tests and make sure they are appropriate and make sure there are not too many tests. 
We believe that is the real way to im-
prove teaching, to improve schools, and to have real accountability. So we have taken lots of different opinions and we have put them together in a bill. I was 
thinking over the weekend, having a bill on elementary and secondary edu-cation is like going to a football game at the University of Tennessee. There are 100,000 people in the stands, and they all are experts on football, wheth-er it is Iowa or Washington or Ten-nessee. 
Well, we are all experts—and so are 
most of our citizens experts on edu-cation—but we need to have a con-sensus here. We are close to one. I thank Senator M
URRAY and the major-
ity leader and the Democratic leader for creating an environment in which we so far have been able to succeed. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.029 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4995 July 13, 2015 
Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. DAINES. Madam President, as 
we speak, negotiations are ongoing be-tween Iran and the P5+1 countries re-garding one of the greatest threats to global security today; that is, a poten-tially nuclear-capable Iran. If both sides reach a final negotiated agree-ment, this body will have to consider whether the agreement truly prevents Iran from becoming a nuclear state or whether it paves the way for the lead-ing state sponsor of terror to obtain a nuclear weapon. 
Agreeing to a bad deal would pose a 
serious threat to the national security of the United States, to Israel, and our other allies. We cannot take this deci-sion lightly. We should not base our votes on the legacy of the President. We will be dealing with the con-sequences of this potential agreement long after President Obama leaves of-fice. 
There are specific terms of any final 
agreement that are vital to preventing Iran’s nuclear weapons capability. One- hundred percent certainty is impos-sible in matters of intelligence, par-ticularly with a regime like Iran’s that has a history of being less than forth-right about its nuclear program. In fact, on June 21, the Iranian Par-liament voted to bar inspectors from military sites. As they were passing this resolution to bar inspectors from military sites, they were chanting ‘‘Death to America.’’ 
Let’s not forget that Iran is the lead-
ing state sponsor of terrorism in the world. It is critical that the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency be able to conduct extensive inspections at all military facilities, including un-announced inspections, to ensure that Iran is upholding its commitments. 
A final deal must ensure that we 
have verifiable evidence that Iran is complying with the terms of the agree-ment before lifting sanctions. A final deal must permit international inspec-tion to occur anytime, anywhere. A final deal must require Iran to disclose and dismantle its nuclear infrastruc-ture, its uranium stockpile, and all other aspects of its nuclear program as specified in six—let me repeat—six U.N. Security Council resolutions. 
A final deal must ensure Iranians 
never get a nuclear weapon. If Iran does violate these terms, the deal must guarantee that strong sanctions go back into place immediately. It took years to get in place the sanctions we have today. It was largely because of these sanctions that Iran was forced to come to the negotiating table. The sanctions are working. I would also like to address the notion that we ei-ther come to a deal or we resort to military action. This is a false choice. In fact, accepting a bad deal now will make military action more likely down the road. A bad deal will provide Iran 
with an influx of cash to continue sponsoring terrorism around the world, while failing to prevent them from ul-timately obtaining a nuclear weapon when this deal expires. 
Like so many Montanans I have 
heard from, I truly hope negotiations are successful. However, I am con-cerned the that based on the frame-work agreement that we have seen so far, the final agreement will ulti-mately fail to safeguard our national security and prevent a nuclear-armed Iran. No deal is better than a bad deal. If the final agreement the President presents falls short of the requirements I have talked about today, I will not 
support it. 
Over the past month, we have now 
blown through four deadlines. It is starting to look like Groundhog Day in Vienna. 
SAFE KIDS ACT  
Madam President, on a separate note, 
this past week the Senate began debat-ing legislation about our Nation’s edu-cational system. In the same week, we learned more about a major data breach at the Office of Personnel Man-agement, which put more than 21 mil-lion American’s personnel information at risk. Those events and the policy de-bates bring to light an issue that often does not gather a lot of information; that is, protecting our student’s per-sonal information and data in the dig-ital age. 
As a father of four, this issue is par-
ticularly personal to me. To date, countless schools across the United States utilize electronic records to up-date student information and transfer data from one school to another. But as the data is collected, it is important students’ privacy is maintained and that the data is being stored safely and securely. In 2014, a working group was formed to address the issue of student data privacy. This group produced the Student Data Privacy Pledge, which intended to set self-imposed principles to ensure that information collected from students is kept both secure as well as private. 
This week, I will be introducing leg-
islation called the SAFE KIDS Act, that builds on these ideas by empow-ering the Federal Trade Commission to oversee and enforce the collection, storage, and usage of covered informa-tion. This bill will put important re-forms in place to protect students pri-vacy, to establish greater security and transparency measures, and to encour-age innovation among education tech-nology providers, and better ensure ac-countability in keeping our students’ information safe. 
As someone who spent more than 12 
years in the technology sector, I am excited to see technology being used in innovative ways in our schools. As a fa-ther of four, I also want to ensure that there are proper safeguards in place to protect our kids’ personal data in an increasingly data-driven world. 
I also want to thank Senator 
B
LUMENTHAL for joining me this week to introduce this important legislation 
to protect students’ personal informa-tion and for his continued work on this issue. With that in mind, I will yield the floor so we can hear more from Senator B
LUMENTHAL on this most im-
portant issue. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, I thank my colleague Senator D
AINES for his extraordinarily valuable 
work on this bipartisan bill, which will help protect students, help safeguard the privacy of young people, which would be considered separately from the measure now before us, the Every Child Achieves Act, which will strengthen the Federal Government’s commitment to ensuring that every child has access to a high-quality edu-cation. 
The bill Senator D
AINES and I are of-
fering ensures that every child is pro-tected during their education from invasive and intrusive sharing and sell-ing of highly private information about their educational progress—all kinds of sensitive, personal data that are accu-mulated and collected by school au-thorities and the companies that con-tract with them in the course of that child’s education. 
When a parent signs a take-home 
form permitting their children to use a learning application in math class, for example, they have no assurance right now—none—regarding what informa-tion the app company will collect or how the app company will protect that information. That kind of very per-sonal, identifiable, confidential infor-mation is inadequately protected in many school systems around the coun-try. If that app company fails to pro-tect the personal information of the student and their family, it could be stolen by hackers. It could be breached. We have seen how Federal files have been breached on a scale that none of us would ever have imagined—sup-posedly protected information—and we are talking about companies leaving vulnerable children’s information po-tentially on the same scale—millions of children being at risk of their data being breached and stolen by hackers. But we are also talking about that in-formation being bought and sold, ex-changed by companies. The current protections against that commercial exploitation are inadequate. Children and their parents and their families de-serve better protection of their pri-vacy. 
It is a big business. It is a huge and 
burgeoning business for those compa-nies. They may serve a very worth-while purpose for many of those chil-dren and for many school authorities who need someone to organize and apply software to the raw information that is collected in test scores or other kinds of educational data. But it is not data that belongs to the companies; it belongs to the student and the school authorities, and it ought to be pro-tected not only because of who owns it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.018 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4996 July 13, 2015 
but because of whom it belongs to. It 
belongs to students as a matter of mo-rality, not just legality. 
We are introducing student digital 
privacy legislation, the SAFE KIDS Act. This week Senator D
AINES and I 
will introduce it to establish strong and vital protections that will give parents the peace of mind they need and deserve. Our bill would prohibit companies from reselling student data—something corporations should never profit from doing. The SAFE KIDS Act would also prohibit compa-nies from using student data, including a personal profile of a student, for any targeted advertising. This kind of mar-keting goes on in our society. 
Our legislation also requires compa-
nies that hold student data to enact ro-bust protections, such as proper encryption of that data, which will pre-vent the theft of personal information. 
Under our bill, parents are empow-
ered to access their children’s informa-tion, request corrections of any erro-neous information, and request dele-tion of certain student data. 
Our bill charges the FTC with the re-
sponsibility to implement and enforce the SAFE KIDS Act, and it enables States to enact stronger, more de-manding protections if they choose to do so. It establishes a floor, not a ceil-ing. It does not preempt stronger meas-ures if States choose to move forward. 
This measure is in no way incompat-
ible with the provision and amendment on which we will vote tonight that deals with another aspect of this issue in establishing a commission. I support that amendment. The commission would issue recommendations on a number of specific topics, such as pre-venting targeted advertising, limiting data retention, and providing parents with complete information. Those issues are complex, and they need the kinds of studies and research the com-mission would provide. And the results of that commission would help to in-form the FTC regulations that would be issued under the SAFE KIDS Act that Senator D
AINES and I are intro-
ducing this week. 
I look forward to supporting the 
Hatch-Markey amendment, voting for it, and I urge my colleagues to support it and the SAFE KIDS Act because they enable a comprehensive approach to student privacy. 
Make no mistake—this data is in 
danger and so is the privacy of our stu-dents. In a world that has become enor-mously invasive and intrusive and where personal information is so much at risk, our students, children, and their families deserve this protection. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
BACKGROUND CHECKS AND GUN VIOLENCE  
Madam President, I wish to talk for 
just a moment about the disclosure last week that Dylan Roof, the alleged killer of nine innocent people in Charleston, SC, was able to buy guns without first passing a background check. The reason, very simply, was the default-to-proceed loophole in the law, which allows—but does not re-
quire—firearms retailers to proceed with a gun sale after 3 days if an appli-cant’s background check is still pend-ing. 
Undoubtedly, more facts will come to 
light. Certain facts are unknown now as we speak, but the FBI acknowledges that a completed background check would have uncovered Dylan Roof’s prior arrest on a drug charge and his drug addiction. Those discoveries would have barred him from pur-chasing the .45-caliber handgun he used to take nine lives in that unspeakable, horrific tragedy. 
In effect, Dylan Roof’s exploitation 
of this loophole is not an anomaly. In the last 5 years, the default to proceed loophole has led firearms retailers to proceed with 15,729 gun sales to prohib-ited persons—people who were deemed ineligible to purchase a firearm once their background checks were com-pleted. In effect, those 15,729 people were able to circumvent the law be-cause of that loophole that enabled them to do so on a default to proceed after 3 days. 
After that default-to-proceed loop-
hole is exploited, the Bureau of Alco-hol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives then has the difficult, dangerous, and often impossible job to retrieve the firearms that are sold. In fact, it is often impossible to even expect that they can once those firearms are sold without proper recordkeeping or any recordkeeping. We make that job hard-er every day by underfunding and hamstringing the work of the ATF in our appropriations bills. That creates that impossible task for them. 
Responsible gun retailers can act 
today. The law allows retailers to de-cide whether to permit gun sales to proceed after that 3-day default period has elapsed. They have a duty to en-sure that their products do not get into the hands of dangerous individuals. They have that moral duty. They have that social responsibility. 
In 2008, Walmart, which is the Na-
tion’s largest gun store, agreed not to transfer firearms without a back-ground check even if the 3 days have passed without it. The short-term in-convenience to retailers is minimal. In the vast majority of cases, a back-ground check is completed within min-utes and the retailer knows whether they may proceed with the sale. 
After the horror visited on the Eman-
uel AME Church in Charleston, no re-sponsible gun retailer should give the benefit of the doubt and hand over a gun without a definitive completion of that background check. 
Over the weekend, my colleague Sen-
ator M
URPHY and I urged the Senate 
Judiciary Committee to immediately review this failure in our background check system and potential remedies, lest this legislative body’s silence on the matter be taken as a consent on the repeated failures we have wit-nessed. In the long run, this system must be made as effective and error proof as possible, and it should be ex-
tended to sales not covered now by the law. 
As Senator M
URPHY and I and many 
of our colleagues in the Senate have urged consistently and repeatedly, the failure to adopt a comprehensive, uni-versal background check system is in-excusable, but we also have to make sure loopholes in the current law are eliminated, as the FBI and the Depart-ment of Justice have recommended, by extending that 3-day time period and otherwise increasing the efficiency and effectiveness of the background check system. 
Senator M
URPHY and I will be taking 
additional steps to try to make it more effective. Gun retailers can step up in the meantime to stop dangerous people from getting their hands on dangerous weapons and taking lives—innocent lives—as happened in Charleston. They can, very simply, stop selling guns to people who have not passed that back-ground check even if the 3 days have expired, even if that default period has come and gone. They can do that on their own. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleagues, including continuing the great work Senator M
URPHY and I have 
sought to do together in making Amer-ica safer and better and improving our background check system and making sure commonsense, sensible gun vio-lence prevention measures become the law of the land. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). The Senator from Maryland. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Thank you very 
much. 
Mr. President, first, I compliment 
the Senator from Connecticut on his initial statement related to student privacy. I think it is an essential ele-ment to clarify that privacy is meant to protect but not inadvertently in-hibit our ability to give help to those who desperately need it. 
Certainly, I wish to associate myself 
with his remarks on doing something about the background check, the time-ly response. I think the massacre at Emanuel AME Church deeply troubled the Nation, and the very least that can come out of this is not only the flag coming down and all that meant, but other barriers to safety should come down as well. I want the Senator from Connecticut to know that he has my admiration and my support. 
PROTECTING FEDERAL EMPLOYEES  
Mr. President, while we are waiting 
for the vote, in approximately 15 min-utes, I know Senator K
AINE will be 
coming to the floor to talk about an important postsecondary education re-mediation reform, but I want to com-ment on the 21 million Federal employ-ees whose personnel records have been hacked by—it looks like—a foreign government. I am not going to go into the who and the attributing of who did the hacking, but I do want to say that, first of all, those Federal employees need to feel they have a government on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.020 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4997 July 13, 2015 
their side to now protect them. We 
should have protected them in the first place with the security of dot-gov and certainly our personnel records. 
Now, in addition to a bill I have in-
troduced and cosponsored with my col-league from Maryland, Senator C
ARDIN , 
where we have put in additional credit protection, credit monitoring, and li-ability protection, I have also sent a letter to the President today. 
The President of the United States is 
not only the Commander in Chief but he is the Chief Executive Officer of something called the U.S Government dot-gov, and therefore, OPM is his HR operation. With all due respect to our President, I have called upon him, on behalf of the 300,000 Federal employees and Federal retirees who I have in my State, that they take additional and immediate action to provide lifetime credit monitoring, lifetime credit pro-tection and unlimited liability, and that we also get a new contractor. 
I know we want to get a new con-
tractor that does security checks, but I want a new contractor that is supposed to be answering the phone. I want a new contractor answering the phone and responding to my Federal employ-ees, and I have conveyed that to the new Acting Director of OPM, Beth Cobert. I think she has a lot of skill and a lot of knowledge. I know she comes to the White House from the pri-vate sector, McKinsey & Company, but I conveyed to her that it is outrageous what is happening to Federal employ-ees. They try to call to get help to find out what has happened to them, and they are on the phone for 1 hour or 2 hours, and when they finally make con-tact, they get disconnected. 
These are our Federal employees, 
who we count on, many of whom to protect the Nation—many of whom to protect the Nation. Our cyber shield is down to protect them, and we are also not protecting them in terms of our re-sponse to our cyber shield being down. 
Who are these Federal employees in 
Maryland? Well, first of all, they are people who work at the National Insti-tutes of Health trying to find cures from dreaded diseases and all of the laboratory staff and so on who support them. Or they are over at FDA or they are over at Goddard Space Flight Cen-ter helping to manage the Hubble tele-scope. In addition to that, we have peo-ple involved in and also who are direct hands-on with national security. 
Maryland is the home to many For-
eign Service officers. They not only have the information about their own Social Security numbers and their own health information but that of their spouses and their minor children. We are also the home to the National Se-curity Agency. Most of the National Security Agency is made up of civilian DOD personnel with the highest of se-curity clearances. 
So my feeling is we have to get in 
there really quickly to protect them. We have to also do something about this contractor—that he ups his game or we tell him up and out. Up your 
game or up and out. 
The third thing is the President real-
ly needs to convene an all-hands-on- deck on how we are going to protect dot-gov in this country. 
There will be more to say about this 
bill and so on, but I see Senator K
AINE 
is now on the floor to discuss and present his postsecondary remediation amendment, so I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I thank 
my colleague from Maryland, and I sec-ond the comments she has made about the status of our employees who have been jeopardized. I am excited to work together on the legislation introduced last Friday to provide them some pro-tection. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2118 
Mr. President, I do rise on behalf of 
an amendment that will be voted on within the next hour, Kaine amend-ment No. 2118, which is a bipartisan amendment to the Every Child Achieves Act. It is an amendment to promote career readiness indicators and make sure our students, when they finish high school, are not just ready for college but they are ready for ca-reers. 
This is part of a series of amend-
ments I have worked on in a bipartisan basis, some of which have been in-cluded in the underlying bill and one of which was passed as a floor amendment last week. 
I thank the managers, Senators 
A
LEXANDER and M URRAY , for working 
together to support this bipartisan amendment. We need to work to make sure we help all of our students grad-uate from high school ready for post-secondary education and the work-force. 
Over the past 40 years, the percent-
age of jobs that require some form of postsecondary education has doubled from 29 percent to now nearly 60 per-cent, but the education system hasn’t kept pace with the demand for a more highly educated and skilled workforce. More importantly, we need to define what that is—highly educated and skilled—to incorporate career and technical training, which, for a variety of reasons in the last generation or so, was sort of an undervalued part of the spectrum of American public edu-cation. 
Within a very few years—by 2020, 
when our pages are now going to be out in the workforce—two-thirds of jobs will require at least some form of post-secondary education. But projections demonstrate that as a nation we will fall short by nearly 5 million workers. We are already seeing these shortages and having to deal with them, for ex-ample, through specialty visas. That is fine for the economy, but wouldn’t it be better if we could train those in school right now to be skilled in the areas where the jobs are needed? 
The career readiness amendment ad-
dresses this problem by encouraging— not requiring but encouraging—States 
to include in their accountability sys-tems the types of indicators that dem-onstrate students are ready for post-secondary education and the work-force. These indicators would include State-designed measures to integrate rigorous academics, work-based learn-ing and career and technical education, or technical skill attainment and placement. That will be the core of this bill. 
By doing this, we send a strong mes-
sage to schools, businesses, parents, and students that it is critical to be prepared for the workforce of the 21st century regardless of postsecondary education plans. As I have talked to educators, counselors, and parents, they have often commented upon the degree to which career and technical training has sort of been downgraded and that students aren’t encouraged in that area, even though there are great professions to achieve in this area. 
Under the amendment, schools and 
districts would have an incentive to partner with businesses and industries to provide career pathways for stu-dents. It is important for State ac-countability systems. I say this as a Virginian who is very proud of the Vir-ginia accountability system. It is cur-rently kind of managed by my wife, who is the secretary of education in Virginia. But it is important for these systems to measure and reward schools for helping students earn industry-rec-ognized credentials or earn credit for college while in high school. 
Just as an example, if you are a Vir-
ginia student and you take the Vir-ginia Standards of Learning Test and you pass, that doesn’t necessarily mean anything in North Carolina, and much less Oregon. But if you are a Vir-ginia high school student and you pass a Cisco Systems administrator exam, you can take that credential, move to Oregon and get a job tomorrow. These industry credentials are, in many ways, more known, more valued, and more portable than high school creden-tials State by State. 
Schools across the country are pro-
viding this kind of important learning opportunity. Here are just two exam-ples, and then I will conclude. In Alex-andria, just across the Potomac, the Academy of Finance at T.C. Williams High School instructs students in money management skills, financial planning, and business development. Students complete a 3-year sequential program, start working at an on-site credit union in the school, and they get early college credit for that financial literacy. 
At the other end of the State—in 
southwest Virginia, in Vinton, near the city of Roanoke—William Byrd High School, after struggling during the 1990s to prepare students for college and career, sought input from nearby businesses and implemented programs in engineering, communication, busi-ness, and marketing to match local job needs. These partnerships are helpful 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.022 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4998 July 13, 2015 
in helping students find jobs, and they 
have also engendered student interest in the curriculum. The school has a 90- percent graduation rate, and 83 percent of students go on to postsecondary edu-cation. 
I want to thank Senators P
ORTMAN  
and B ALDWIN —I think Senator 
PORTMAN was planning on speaking, 
and may still—for their involvement and working together with me on this particular amendment and on the Sen-ate CTE Caucus. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bipartisan initiative, and again, I thank the bill managers for working together with us. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
C
APITO ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent for 2 minutes to make a presentation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2080 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I rise 
in support of an amendment I have of-fered along with my friend, the junior Senator from Massachusetts. This amendment advances an important pri-ority: protecting student privacy in an era of vast data collection and tenuous security protections. 
Advances in education technology 
are revolutionizing the way students learn in today’s classroom. Going for-ward, it is important to balance the need for innovation to allow students to take advantage of the new learning tools with the need to make sure chil-dren’s private information is protected. We must also ensure continuing to im-prove education through research, while not necessarily allowing re-searchers and their employers access to sensitive data. 
To this end, our amendment sets up a 
commission to come back with rec-ommendations for how to update our outdated Federal education privacy law. The commission’s membership consists of experts, parents, teachers, technology professionals, researchers, and State officials—a broad array of leaders capable of providing diverse perspectives on these issues. Within 270 days, the commission is required to re-port to Congress on the current mecha-nisms for transparency, parental in-volvement, research usage, and third- party vendor usage as well as provide recommendations on how to improve the law to better protect students. As we seek to identify the best ways of protecting student data, this commis-sion will serve to outline some com-monsense and effective options for re-form that we ought to consider. This amendment has received sup-
port from a wide variety of organiza-tions from Microsoft to the National PTA to the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, demonstrating how this is a commonsense, bipartisan idea that we can all support. I urge my colleagues to support this important innovation. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Under the previous order, the 
question now occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 2080, offered by the Senator from Tennessee, Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER , for Mr. H ATCH . 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator 
from Texas (Mr. C RUZ), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK), the 
Senator from Alaska (Ms. M URKOWSKI ), 
the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P AUL), 
the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R ISCH), 
the Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), 
the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ), and the Senator from Lou-
isiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 89, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 231 Leg.] 
YEAS—89 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein 
Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran 
Murphy Murray Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott 
Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—11 
Blunt 
Cruz Graham Kirk Murkowski 
Nelson Paul Risch Rubio 
Toomey Vitter 
The amendment (No. 2080) was agreed 
to. AMENDMENT NO . 2118 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 2118, of-fered by the Senator from Washington, Mrs. M
URRAY , for Mr. K AINE. 
The amendment (No. 2118) was agreed 
to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
there has been some conversation on the floor. We are working out the order of proceeding. 
I ask unanimous consent that Sen-
ator W
ICKER and Senator S HAHEEN be 
recognized first for a colloquy, followed by remarks by Senator B
ROWN , fol-
lowed by remarks by myself, followed by remarks by Senator B
ALDWIN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Reserving the 
right to object, I ask the Presiding Of-ficer, are we in morning business? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, we 
are still on the bill. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I have no objec-
tion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Senator S
HA-
HEEN and I be allowed to enter into a 
colloquy concerning the 20th anniver-sary of the Srebrenica massacre. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SREBRENICA  
MASSACRE  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to join my colleague from New Hampshire today to speak about a moving and important commemoration that she and I attended over the week-end. We were part of the U.S. delega-tion led by former President Bill Clin-ton that traveled to Bosnia and Herzegovina to remember the victims of the Srebrenica massacre 20 years ago. We were honored to be joined in this delegation by Representative P
ETER KING from New York, and I 
think it is significant that former Sec-retary of State Madeleine Albright was part of that delegation. 
On July 11, 1995, more than 8,000 
Bosniak Muslim men and boys were brutalized and murdered by Serbian forces that overran a United Nations safe haven during the Bosnian war. It was the worst massacre on European soil since the horrors of World War II. 
Today, Senator S
HAHEEN and I wear 
green and white flowers on our lapels. These flowers were crocheted by Srebrenica mothers and widows in re-membrance of the lives that were lost 20 years ago. The white is said to sym-bolize innocence, and the green rep-resents hope. It is said to be significant that the center is green because hope remains central to the country’s future and to the region’s future. 
Two decades provide us with a help-
ful benchmark for reflecting on the progress that has been made and on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.023 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4999 July 13, 2015 
progress that needs to be made. The 
decades have certainly not erased the deep scars left by the atrocities at Srebrenica, but the hurt continues to heal. 
International courts have recognized 
the massacre as a genocide, and a num-ber of the perpetrators have been im-prisoned. Peace is now present in the Western Balkans and we need to do what we can to help maintain this peace. The Bosnian and Herzegovinian leadership is now applying for member-ship in the European Union. We wish them well in making the progress that will be necessary to attain this status. 
Tough decisions still need to be made 
by the leadership, by the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina with regard to governance, corruption, and combating extremes. There is still way too much rhetoric that centers on ethnicity and continues to divide Bosnians rather than unite them. But we can celebrate the fact that this region is no longer home to the suffering and violence that predated the historic Dayton Accords, and we can celebrate the contribution and achievement of the Americans in reaching the Dayton Accords and in getting us to where we are now with two decades of peace. 
I know that these views are shared by 
my colleague from New Hampshire. At this point, perhaps she would like to join in this colloquy. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I 
would like to join Senator W
ICKER from 
Mississippi in talking about what we saw and heard when we were in Bosnia. 
Unfortunately, the story that came 
out about that inspiring commemora-tion was about the attack by some of the Bosniaks who were attending on the Serbian Prime Minister, Aleksandar Vucic, who had attended the ceremony. 
But the larger story was one of rec-
onciliation. The Bosniak mayor of Srebrenica, Camil Durakovic, con-demned the attackers, and he was joined by the Tripartite Presidents in condemning the attackers. After the attack, the Serbian Prime Minister said that it should not distract atten-tion from the innocent victims of Srebrenica. He said that his ‘‘arms of reconciliation remain stretched to-wards the Bosniaks.’’ Fortunately, we heard the same from the mayor of Srebrenica, who actually had invited the Prime Minister. 
I am very proud of Mayor Durakovic 
because he is actually a Bosnian-Amer-ican whose family fled from Srebrenica in July of 1995, and they settled in New Hampshire. He went to high school there, and he got a degree from South-ern New Hampshire University. He re-turned to Srebrenica in 2005 and was elected mayor in 2012. 
Aside from that isolated, unfortunate 
incident with the Prime Minister, the ceremony was a solemn tribute and re-membrance to the victims of Srebrenica. There was a spirit of unity and harmony. The theme again and again was of reconciliation. As my colleague points out, it is par-
ticularly important for us to continue to support this reconciliation, for us to continue to support Bosnia and Herzegovina and their efforts to con-tinue to look west to join the EU. Across many centuries, the Balkans has been a flashpoint for conflicts that have spread to the rest of Europe and 
the entire world. In fact, 101 years ago next month, World War I began with the assassination of Archduke Ferdi-nand right in Sarajevo. We walked by the block where he was assassinated. 
As we have seen most recently in 
Greece and as we are seeing in the Bal-kans and in other countries in Eastern Europe, the Russians are quick to ex-ploit any trouble in the southeast cor-ner of Europe in order to spread their influence and destabilize the West. Wouldn’t my colleague agree that it is important for us in the United States to join the EU in supporting the Bosniaks, the Serbs, the Croatians, the Muslims, the Orthodox Christians, and the Roman Catholics so that they can come together and show the world that we really can create a multi-ethnic, multi-sectarian state that can serve as a model for the Middle East and for countries around the world? 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I do 
agree. I would contrast the magnani-mous statements of the Tripresidency and the gesture of the Serbian Presi-dent in attending with the dis-appointing actions of the Russian lead-ership, under the leadership of Presi-dent Putin, in actually vetoing a Secu-rity Council resolution simply to com-memorate the 20th anniversary as a genocide. Russia refused to accept a well-established fact, confirmed by international courts such as the Inter-national Court of Justice, such as the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. They vetoed— they were the only vote against it, but it acted as a veto—thus keeping the United Nations officially from going on record as saying this was a genocide and that these acts should be con-demned. Such defiance is a disservice not only to the victims at Srebrenica but also to relations in the area going forward. I would just contrast that with the very brave step on the part of the Serbian President, coming to Srebrenica and being part of the com-memorative ceremony. 
I will tell my colleagues that former 
President Clinton spoke on behalf of this Republican and spoke on behalf of Democrats alike, making a very in-structive and constructive address at the occasion, specifically commending the Serbian President. 
I would say, with regard to the rock 
throwing incident and what the Presi-dent of Serbia actually did, his glasses were broken, and he and members of his delegation were brought to their knees. I would say that if the 50 or so people who threw those rocks had heard the remarks inside the cere-mony, perhaps they would not have felt so bitter as to throw those rocks. I know there are wounds that need to be 
healed. But I think the conciliatory words inside, if they had been broad-cast to the entire crowd, would have perhaps caused that incident, which got all the publicity, not to happen. 
This was about 50 people causing a 
disturbance in a crowd of, I would say, about 5,000 people gathered outside. It was a very important ceremony—actu-ally, a funeral, you might say. 
So I would have to just say that the 
Russian leadership really should be ashamed of standing in the way of international recognition of this geno-cide. They thought they were doing their Serbian neighbors a favor, but, on the other hand, the Serbian President stepped forward in a very brave way to create unity in this region, and I think my colleague would agree with that. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Absolutely, and I 
know Senator W
ICKER shared my grati-
tude as we walked through the streets of Sarajevo and as we met people in Srebrenica for the appreciation they showed the United States for our ac-tions in helping to end that awful war in Bosnia and for our actions in sup-porting Bosnia as they try to look westward and as they try to keep their country moving forward, addressing the corruption and the democracy issues they face. I think it is in our in-terest as Americans to support those efforts to help them, as they continue to move their country forward, in every way we can. 
Mr. WICKER. The Senator from New 
Hampshire is exactly right. It is in the United States’ interest that we care about the Balkans, that we care about Bosnia and Herzegovina. We owe it to the U.S. troops who were deployed there in 1995 and later, who kept the peace and made it work. There is no country on the face of the Earth that could have done that but the United States of America. We owe it to the memory of the leadership, not only of President Clinton, who basically hosted the Dayton Accords in the United States of America, but also Re-publicans such as Speaker Gingrich. It was Gingrich and Clinton who joined together and convinced this govern-ment to support the Dayton Agreement and support the necessary deployment to make sure this worked. 
As the Senator pointed out, we owe it 
to history going forward to remember that World War I broke out in Sara-jevo, that the events leading up to World War II largely occurred in the Balkans, and to do what we can in the interest of U.S. citizens to say that this will not again be a flashpoint for conflict in Europe and conflict inter-nationally. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. I know the Senator 
shares my views that we owe it to the victims of Srebrenica. I look forward to continuing to work with Senator W
ICKER to do everything we can to sup-
port the efforts in Bosnia and Herzegovina. 
Mr. WICKER. I look forward to work-
ing on a bipartisan basis to make sure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.027 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5000 July 13, 2015 
that this peace holds, to make sure 
that progress is made on the ethnic issues—that we give Bosnians and Herzegovinians every reason to con-tinue to want to embrace Europe and to embrace the United States and to embrace fairness and anticorruption and all the work that it is going to take there. 
I appreciate the delegation. I appre-
ciate Secretary Albright. I appreciate President Clinton leading the delega-tion. And I appreciate the indulgence of our fellow Senators in hearing this colloquy. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
AMERICAN WORKERS AND OVERTIME PAY  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, too 
many Americans are still struggling in today’s economy. Despite comments by some candidates for President, Ameri-cans work hard but still have trouble getting by. We know that Americans on average are working longer hours than workers in almost every other rich country in the world—signifi-cantly longer hours. Simply, they are not getting the pay they have earned and the compensation and the lifestyle to which they aspire and have worked so hard toward. 
For many workers, it feels as though 
the harder and longer they work, the less they have to show for it. And they are not imagining things. Since the 1970s, middle class wages have been stagnant while the number of hours spent on the job has gone up. In short, Americans are working more for less. 
The middle class has shrunk in every 
State in this country. The Pew Re-search Center studies show that the share of adults in middle-income households has fallen from 61 percent in 1970 to 51 percent in 2013. In Ohio the share of families that are middle class is now below 50 percent. We need to do more to build on-ramps for middle- class hard-working Americans instead of saying that Americans are not work-ing hard enough, instead of asking workers to do more and more for less money. 
It is not uncommon today for sala-
ried workers—salaried workers, not millionaire salaried workers but lower income and middle-income salaried workers—to work 50-, 60-, 70-hour weeks without getting a cent in over-time. When workers put in extra time, it should be reflected in their pay-checks. Right now a number of employ-ers are gaming the system to avoid paying overtime, and American work-ers are losing wages as a result. 
It is past time for overtime hours to 
mean overtime pay again. That is why my colleagues and I sent a letter to the President earlier this year urging the administration to restore the strength of overtime payrolls. Forty years ago, we as a nation decided that most work-ers, whether they were paid hourly or a salary, should receive overtime pay when working more than 40 hours a week, but the teeth in that law have been eroded. The strength of that law, 
the power of that law, and the effec-tiveness of that law have been eroded over the past 40 years. 
In 1975, 65 percent of all salaried 
workers were covered by overtime pay rules. Currently, just 8 percent of sala-ried workers are covered. That could be a night manager in a fast food res-taurant making $30,000 a year classified as management—classified because that person is salaried—and asked to work more than 40 hours and still only making $30,000 a year. So 40 years ago, 65 percent of salaried workers would have been paid time and a half for those extra hours beyond 40 for that night manager, but today they don’t get paid over time. They may work 50 hours, they may work 60 hours, but they simply are not compensated for it. 
The salary threshold of $23,600 a year 
has remained static for decades be-cause it hasn’t been indexed for infla-tion. So in 1975, somebody making $23,000 a year was paid overtime for be-yond 40 hours. Today someone making $23,000 a year isn’t. If they are making $30,000 or $40,000, they aren’t paid over-time. So we see what has happened. The salary threshold was put in place to exempt highly paid executives, but because it hasn’t increased in 40 years—they didn’t build an inflation number into it or a cost of living ad-justment—instead of hitting CEOs and lawyers who shouldn’t get paid over-time in hours excess of 40, workers earning as little as $455 a week now go without overtime pay just because they are salaried and just because they are called management. It allows em-ployers the opportunity to put some-body on salary, work them many more hours, and then fail to compensate them. 
The current threshold is now so low 
that it is below the poverty line for a family of four. So a salaried worker making a few dollars below the poverty line and working 50 or 60 hours doesn’t get paid overtime. That is actually what has happened. The American pub-lic is starting to understand this, and that is why so many people are calling on the President to do this. 
Overtime pay should be available to 
everyone who puts in the extra time— not just those earning a poverty level wage. That is why I applaud the De-partment of Labor’s proposed rule that would strengthen overtime standards and take them back—not quite even as good, but we are pretty satisfied with this—to the 1975 level. The new rule will more than double the salary threshold for earning overtime pay from $23,000 annually to $50,000. That would mean that 40 percent of salaried workers are now eligible for overtime. In my State, as a result of this rule, 160,000 Ohioans would get a raise, as would 5 million Americans in States such as Oklahoma, Rhode Island, Wis-consin, and all over this country. 
This means more money in the pock-
ets of American workers. The rule pro-poses lengthening the threshold to the 40th percentile of income for full-time 
salaried workers instead of setting a raw number. This means that the strength of the rule is less likely to erode over time. Not only will this rule help families make ends meet, it also boosts consumer spending, creates jobs, and bolsters the American economy. 
Just like raising the minimum wage, 
when more money is put in the pocket of somebody making $8 an hour or $9 an hour or when you put more money in the pocket of a midlevel manager making $30,000 a year in a fast-food res-taurant—if you put more money in their pocket—they are going to spend that money. They are not going to in-vest that money in a Swiss bank ac-count. They are going to spend that money in the community, buy more groceries, go into the hardware stores and do more to fix up their houses and do more to generate economic activity and create jobs for our economy. 
But there is still more we need to do 
to support American workers. This is an important step toward building our middle class. There is still more we need to do to support American work-ers. We need to give hourly workers a raise by raising the minimum wage. The legislation a number of us on the floor have worked on, the Raise the Wage Act, would increase the min-imum wage incrementally to $12 an hour by 2020, giving a raise to 1 million Ohioans, 28 million people across the country—1 million Ohioans. 
Tipped workers shouldn’t have to 
struggle to get by. They deserve to earn a living wage to help put food on the table. Lots of people in this body are unaware, as some Americans are. People here should be more aware of it, but people here tend not to know peo-ple that work in diners. People who work in diners as waitresses and wait-ers in diners can be paid as little as $2.13 an hour. The minimum wage for working in a diner in a so-called tipped wage or for the people who push wheel-chairs in airports or in some case for many other kinds of jobs is $2.13 an hour. It is not $7.25, which is the min-imum wage for everyone else. That is why we need to move on raising the minimum wage, on bringing the tipped wage up to at least 70 percent of the minimum wage. 
Workers will be happier and they will 
be more productive when they are healthy, when they are making decent salaries, making a little bit better wages. Americans also deserve a day off when they get sick. Forty-three million Americans—2 million in my State—have no paid sick leave at all. They are faced with impossible choices. Do they stay home to care for a sick child or go to work so they can put food on the table? 
Workers are happier and more pro-
ductive when they are healthy. Guar-anteeing paid sick leave would save precious health care resources, it would give employers safe and stable workplaces, and it would give families peace of mind. It would mean that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.030 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5001 July 13, 2015 
workers are not going to work when 
they are sick, infecting other workers and affecting productivity and profits at that business. That is why we should pass the Healthy Family Act. Overtime is important. Minimum wage is impor-tant. The Healthy Family Act for sick leave days is important. All are steps that we need to support hard-working American families. 
We know what has happened in the 
economy the last 10 years. We know the wealthiest 5 percent are doing bet-ter and better and better. Profits are up for companies. Executives are mak-ing bigger and bigger bonuses. But working class, lower-middle-class workers are simply not getting ahead or even able to tread water to stay even, for that matter. The minimum wage will help, paying overtime will help, and the Healthy Family Act will help. 
The Toledo Blade put it well last 
week: ‘‘America’s widening income gap isn’t an inescapable outcome of the free market, but a political choice that can be mitigated with intelligent pub-lic policies.’’ 
This is a political choice. We have 
seen this body and the body on the other side of the Capitol continue to give more tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans. We won’t invest in infra-structure, we won’t invest in working families, we won’t help raise wages, we won’t help with overtime, and we won’t help with workers who just need a few sick days off, as people in bodies such as this typically have. 
I urge the Department of Labor to fi-
nalize their strong overtime proposal as quickly as possible. It will make a huge difference in the lives of millions of Americans. 
With that, I yield back. 
20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE NORMALIZATION OF  
DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS BETWEEN THE UNITED  
STATES AND VIETNAM  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
am here to recognize a historic mile-stone: the 20th anniversary of the nor-malization of diplomatic relations be-tween the United States and Vietnam. This occasion has some personal sig-nificance for me and my family. My fa-ther served as Deputy Ambassador to Vietnam; in effect, the chief operating officer of that conflict. I lived with him in that country for several months dur-ing the Vietnam war. If he were alive today, he would be proud of the work both countries have done to reconcile our past. 
It took immense courage on both 
sides to look beyond the scars of that war and envision a future in which our two countries could become partners and friends. No one embodies this cour-age more than our friend J
OHNMCCAIN, 
who played a major role in establishing diplomatic relations between our two countries, and Secretary of State John Kerry, then a Senator, who was his Democratic partner. 
Given Senator M
CCAIN’s experience 
as a prisoner in Vietnam, his subse-quent efforts to strengthen the peace and forgiveness between our two Na-
tions are an enduring inspiration, the power of which I was privileged to see firsthand when I traveled with Senator M
CCAINto Hanoi in 2012 and 2014. 
Senator M CCAINsaid 20 years ago, ‘‘I 
believe it is my duty to encourage this country to build from the losses and the hopes of our tragic war in Vietnam a better peace for both the American and the Vietnamese people.’’ 
Today, the American and the Viet-
namese people can be proud of the progress made to forge a lasting peace and friendship. Two years ago, Presi-dent Obama and Vietnamese President Truong Tan Sang launched the U.S.- Vietnam Comprehensive Partnership, opening a new phase of bilateral rela-tions between our nations based on mu-tual respect and common interests. I met recently with Nguyen Phu Trong, the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam to discuss our shared inter-ests and opportunities for closer col-laboration on a range of issues, includ-ing regional stability, economic co-operation, and the lingering human and environmental consequences of that war. 
I had the honor of meeting with Gen-
eral Secretary Trong while traveling to Vietnam with Senator M
CCAIN last 
summer. I am pleased he has made this historic visit to the United States. I am hopeful Vietnam will bring our in-terests and values into closer align-ment, particularly on human rights, the rights of civil society, trans-parency, and good governance issues. 
To that end, I look forward to work-
ing together to achieve closer ties. As the United States and Vietnam con-tinue to deepen our relationship, we should continue to address the legacies of that war, particularly the health ef-fects and environmental contamina-tion associated with Agent Orange and other herbicides. Here at home, we take our commitment to caring for our veterans very seriously. Although the war has ended, many American vet-erans and their families still battle a range of health problems and serious diseases associated with their service in Vietnam. 
We must ensure that veterans get the 
care they need to combat the long- term health problems related to expo-sure to Agent Orange. Those contami-nation and health problems are also se-rious in Vietnam. I am grateful for Senator L
EAHY ’s leadership on the Ap-
propriations Committee, which has en-abled the United States to pursue re-mediation projects to clean up the dioxin contamination at Da Nang International Airport and other hot spots and to support related health and disability programs. 
I urge all of us that we continue to 
support these initiatives which strengthen our bilateral relationship. Considerable work remains. According to initial assessments of Bien Hoa Air Base, the contamination there is more severe and cleanup is expected to be more complex and costly than at Da 
Nang. In addition, health-related prob-lems and disabilities persist in areas sprayed with Agent Orange or other-wise contaminated by dioxin. 
In 2008, actor, advocate, and long- 
time friend Dick Hughes brought this issue closely to my attention and he has shared with me compelling stories about Vietnamese families who have been affected by diseases and disabil-ities related to Agent Orange exposure. Some of the suffering ascribed to Agent Orange has been harrowing and heart-breaking. Dick has years of experience working on humanitarian issues in Vietnam and is a compelling witness to that suffering. 
We first met when I was a teenager in 
Saigon and Dick had established a pro-gram called the Shoeshine Boys Project, to care for homeless children who had been orphaned or left alone during the war. He brought them to-gether and sent them on the streets with shoeshine boxes as a way of mak-ing a living and finding something they could do and provided them care and a home when they came home at night-fall. 
Over 8 years, that project helped 
thousands of children in cities all across Vietnam. Dick attributes the success of that project to close partner-ships forged with local communities and the project’s management by Viet-namese citizens. When Dick returned to the United States, he continued to advocate for postwar humanitarian causes and he started a foundation to raise awareness about the effects of Agent Orange on the Vietnamese popu-lation. Dick remains a trusted friend and tireless advocate to the Viet-namese people. 
As our two countries work together 
on a new and more engaged future, we should expand our efforts to improve the health and well-being of the Viet-namese people. We can learn from Dick’s experience about the power of partnership and the value of local lead-ership, and together we can continue to repair the damage—physical, psycho-logical, and political—of the path we share. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2093 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I rise 
to speak in support of the Student Non-Discrimination Act, which Sen-ator F
RANKEN is offering as an amend-
ment to the Every Child Achieves Act. The Student Non-Discrimination Act would help protect our students from bullying, harassment, and discrimina-tion. I am a proud cosponsor of this amendment and hopeful the Senate will agree to this amendment this week. 
As we consider the Every Child 
Achieves Act, as we did in committee back in April, and as we have discussed it on the floor over the last week, I have been guided by a core principle: that this law should ensure that every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.031 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5002 July 13, 2015 
child, regardless of his or her back-
ground, regardless of his or her fam-ily’s income, has access to the opportu-nities provided by a great education, a high-quality education. 
Now, part of providing that oppor-
tunity is ensuring that every student is able to come to school and succeed in 
an environment that is safe, sup-portive, and free from discrimination. While the Every Child Achieves Act helps advance opportunity for students in numerous ways, it falls short in ad-dressing a significant problem limiting the achievement of some of our most vulnerable students. 
Unfortunately, there are still far too 
many stories of harassment, of bul-lying, and of discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender students at the hands of their peers but also, sadly, sometimes at the hands of their teachers or administrators as well. There remains no Federal law that explicitly protects these students and provides them and their families with recourse when they face bullying and harassment that limits their edu-cational opportunities. 
No student can achieve if he cannot 
feel safe at school. No student will excel if she spends each day in fear of just being herself. I hear from so many students in my State about the need for us to stand up against bullying. For example, a young woman in Madison wrote to me, and I quote from her let-ter: 
[A]s a student myself, I hear the words 
‘‘gay’’, ‘‘faggot, ‘‘queer’’ and others get tossed around . . . daily, and I do what I can to deter these words from being used in nega-tive ways by others, but one voice can’t make much of a difference. . . . I’m asking you to help raise awareness in schools any-way that you can. 
I would tell this young woman in 
Madison that her voice speaking out on this matter can make a difference. An-other young woman from Kimberly, WI, contacted me about her friend who committed suicide after suffering bul-lying. She wrote: 
He made everyone else come alive and be 
the better people that they were inside. But he killed himself because he thought he had no way out of the pain, no way to make those kids stop, other than to make sure he was not living anymore. 
Across the country, lesbian, gay, bi-
sexual, and transgender or LGBT youth experience bullying harassment at school more frequently than their non- LGBT peers. According to a national survey by the Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network, in the past year, nearly three-quarters of students were verbally harassed and more than 16 percent were physically assaulted be-cause of their sexual orientation. 
More than 60 percent of students who 
reported an incident of harassment said that school staff did nothing in re-sponse. It is unsurprising, then, that nearly one-third of students reported missing school at least once in the last month because they did not feel safe. I believe we must fix this immediately. That is why I support including Sen-ator F
RANKEN ’s Student Non-Discrimi-
nation Act as an amendment to the Every Child Achieves Act currently being debated before the Senate. Sen-ator F
RANKEN ’s amendment would pro-
vide real and strong protections for LGBT students in public, elementary, and secondary schools. It would also provide recourse through the Depart-ment of Education and, if necessary, in the courts to help students vindicate their rights. 
This amendment is closely modeled 
on existing Federal education protec-tions, which have helped ensure that students have remedies when they face unfair treatment based on race, eth-nicity, sex, and disability. LGBT stu-dents are just as deserving of the op-portunity to succeed in the school en-vironment that is supportive and nur-turing rather than discriminatory and unwelcoming. 
If we are truly to ensure through this 
legislation that every child achieves, we must act to address the bullying, harassment, and discrimination that limits educational opportunities of too many students. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk for the Alexander substitute amendment No. 2089. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the Alex-ander amendment No. 2089 to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to en-sure that every child achieves. 
Mitch McConnell, Orrin G. Hatch, Lamar 
Alexander, Cory Gardner, Steve Daines, Pat Roberts, Johnny Isakson, Susan M. Collins, Michael B. Enzi, Kelly Ayotte, John Cornyn, Lisa Mur-kowski, Tim Scott, Richard Burr, Thom Tillis, Lindsey Graham, John Hoeven. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk for the underlying bill, S. 1177. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to en-sure that every child achieves. Mitch McConnell, Lisa Murkowski, Pat 
Roberts, Lamar Alexander, Cory Gard-ner, Steve Daines, Johnny Isakson, Susan M. Collins, Michael B. Enzi, Kelly Ayotte, John Cornyn, Orrin G. Hatch, Richard Burr, Thom Tillis, Lindsey Graham, John Hoeven, Bill Cassidy. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls under rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate with respect to the cloture motions be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
PENDING NOMINEES TO THE U.S. 
COURT OF FEDERAL CLAIMS 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the U.S. 
Court of Federal Claims has been re-ferred to as the ‘‘keeper of the Nation’s conscience’’ and ‘‘the people’s court.’’ This court was created by Congress ap-proximately 160 years ago and em-bodies the constitutional principle that individuals have rights against their government. As President Lincoln has said, ‘‘It is as much the duty of Govern-ment to render prompt justice against itself, in favor of citizens, as it is to ad-minister the same between private in-dividuals.’’ That is what this court does. It allows citizens to seek prompt justice against our government. 
The court’s jurisdiction is authorized 
by statute, and it primarily hears mon-etary claims against the U.S. Govern-ment deriving from the Constitution, Federal statutes, executive regula-tions, and civilian or military con-tracts. The fact that the Court of Fed-eral Claims is an article I court, as op-posed to an article III court, does not render any of the cases that it hears any less significant. 
For example, the court has presided 
over such important cases as the sav-ings and loan crisis of the 1980s and the World War II internment of Japanese Americans. It also presides over civil-ian and military pay claims and money claims under the Fifth Amendment’s takings clause. 
The takings clause under the Fifth 
Amendment of the U.S. Constitution provides: ‘‘nor shall private property be taken for public use without just com-pensation.’’ As a result of this court’s jurisdiction over takings’ claims, it considers cases such as the auto bail-out suits against General Motors and Chrysler—companies who were re-quired to terminate agreements with franchisees as a condition of receiving Federal bailout money. The court also resolves disputes that critically impact the environment and our economy, such as those involving the taking of wetlands to create solid waste landfills and disputes over water and drainage rights by agricultural landowners. 
Last week, the chief judge of the 
court sent a letter informing the Sen-ate that despite the court’s shortage of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.033 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5003 July 13, 2015 
judicial officers, its caseload continues 
unabated. She wrote that ‘‘[t]he statu-tory requirements dictating deadlines for certain types of cases unique to our court, including government contract disputes—some of which involve na-tional defense and national security— remain in effect. The dollar amounts in dispute in our currently pending cases, which are often an indication of the complexity of the underlying issues, are in the billions of dollars. At least three different cases on the court’s pending docket reflect a demand for damages greater than forty billion dol-lars.’’ 
This is no ordinary court. The Senate 
Republicans’ insistence on delaying the confirmation of qualified nominees to 
the Court of Federal Claims harms its ability to resolve issues of national im-portance in a timely and just manner. Since February 2013, the U.S. Court of Federal Claims has been operating with several vacancies. Only 11 of the 16 seats on the court are occupied by ac-tive judges. 
We could have a court working at full 
strength if we confirm the five pending on the Senate Executive Calendar. All five of them were all nominated more than a year ago and have twice been voted out of the Judiciary Committee by unanimous voice vote. I have heard no objections to any of the five nomi-nees to this court. There is no good reason to delay filling these vacancies. 
This is especially the case because 
the nominees before us are superbly qualified. One of the nominees, Armando Bonilla, would be the first Hispanic judge to hold a seat on the court. He is strongly endorsed by the Hispanic National Bar Association. He has spent his entire career—now span-ning over two decades—as an attorney for the Department of Justice. He was hired out of law school in the Depart-ment’s prestigious Honors Program, and has risen to become the Associate Deputy Attorney General in the De-partment. 
Armando Bonilla’s story is that of 
the American dream. The son of a Cuban immigrant and Cuban-American father, Armando Bonilla has told the story of his mother’s flight from Ha-vana with his aunt and his grand-mother. He has told the story of his ‘‘Tı´Mario,’’ who eventually dis-
appeared trying to help other exiles. And he has told the story of his father, who dropped out of high school but would subsequently serve the country by joining the Marines and would ulti-mately take on several jobs to support Armando and his sister. As Mr. Bonilla has beautifully described, his father ‘‘exemplified the most outstanding qualities of the Hispanic culture and Hispanic people: the selfless sacrifice, the steely resolve and unbridled opti-mism and the genuine pride in an hon-est day’s work—all toward the cause of improving the lives of the next genera-tion.’’ Mr. Bonilla should be confirmed without further delay. 
Another nominee, Jeri Somers, re-
tired with the rank of Lieutenant Colo-nel in the U.S. Air Force. She spent 
over two decades serving first as a judge advocate general and then as a military judge in the U.S. Air Force and the District of Columbia’s Air Na-tional Guard. In 2007, she became a board judge with the U.S. Civilian Board of Contract Appeals and cur-rently serves as its vice chair. 
Armando Bonilla and Jeri Somers are 
just two of the five nominees that Sen-ate Republicans have been obstructing. These are two individuals that have done right every step of the way in their careers and are willing to serve on this important court. They have dedicated the majority of their careers in service to our Nation. They deserve better than the treatment they are re-ceiving now. 
During the Bush administration, the 
Senate confirmed nine judges to the Court of Federal Claims—with the sup-port of every Senate Republican. So far during the Obama administration, only three CFC judges have received con-firmation votes. That is nine CFC judges during the Bush administration to only three so far in the Obama ad-ministration. 
Unfortunately, the disparity in treat-
ment of these nominees by Senate Re-publicans is not surprising. More than half a year into this new Congress, the Republican leadership has scheduled votes to confirm only five district and circuit court judges. This is in stark contrast to the 25 district and circuit court judges confirmed by July 13, 2007, when the shoe was on the other foot and Democrats had regained the Sen-ate majority in the seventh year of the Bush administration. That is 25 dis-trict and circuit court judges under a Democratic majority compared to 5 under the Republican majority. That is five times as many judges confirmed under a Democratic majority with a President of the opposite party than today’s Senate Republican majority. 
It is up to the majority leader now to 
treat President Obama’s judicial nomi-nees fairly. I ask that he schedule votes this week on the five Court of Federal Claims nominees pending on the Senate Executive Calendar. 
I ask unanimous consent that a re-
cent post to The Hill’s Congress Blog by Professor Carl Tobias on the need to fill the vacancies on U.S. Court of Fed-eral Claims be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From The Hill, July 9, 2015] 
FILL THE U.S. C OURT OF FEDERAL CLAIMS  
VACANCIES  
(By Carl Tobias) 
The United States Court of Federal Claims 
was the most important federal court that many Americans had never heard of until last month. That is when Judge Thomas Wheeler of this court ruled that Hank Green-berg and AIG shareholders had proved that the federal government exceeded its author-ity by demanding an eighty percent equity stake in AIG during the great recession but that plaintiffs were not entitled to damages because they suffered no economic loss. More critical than this high profile case is 
the fact that the court has experienced va-cancies in five of its judgeships for more than a year, while the well qualified, con-sensus nominees whom President Barack Obama first tapped for those openings in 2014 have languished awaiting confirmation. Be-cause the Court of Federal Claims needs its full complement of judges to deliver justice and each nominee is highly qualified and uncontroversial, the Senate must expedi-tiously provide the nominees floor debates, if warranted, and up or down votes. 
This tribunal is the court in which citizens 
seek redress against the federal government for monetary claims. These include claims that the U.S. has taken private property without just compensation under the Fifth Amendment, claims pursued by veterans who seek disability payments for injuries re-ceived in combat and claims for compensa-tion filed by persons who allege vaccines in-jured them. The tribunal’s recent caseload has increasingly encompassed complex, high- dollar cases and high profile disputes in fields, such as the 1980s savings and loan cri-sis and Second World War internment of Jap-anese Americans by the United States. 
On April 10, 2014, Obama nominated Judge 
Nancy Firestone for reappointment and Thomas Halkowski to fifteen year terms, while on May 21, the White House nominated Armando Bonilla, Patricia McCarthy and Jeri Somers. Obama first nominated all five of the candidates more than one year ago, and they received Judiciary Committee hearings nearly a year ago. The panel unani-mously reported all five out of committee rather soon after the hearings. Unfortu-nately, the Senate accorded none of the nominees a final vote before the 114th Con-gress adjourned. 
Therefore, the White House renominated 
the five candidates in early January 2015. The Judiciary Committee in turn unani-mously approved the nominees without sub-stantive discussion in February. The five nominees have since languished on the floor over four months awaiting debates and yes or no ballots. In a June 24 Congressional Record statement, Sen. Patrick Leahy (D– Vt.), the Judiciary Committee Ranking Member, urged swift votes: ‘‘We have heard no opposition to any of these nominees, yet they have been in limbo for months and months because the Republican Leader has refused to schedule a vote.’’ 
Now that the Senate has returned from its 
July 4 recess, one of the chamber’s first items of business must be debates and votes on the five Court of Federal Claims nomi-nees. The tribunal needs all of the judges whom Congress has authorized to dispense justice for members of the public who seek redress because they claim that the federal government has injured them. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE 15TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE COLORADO DRAG-ON BOAT FESTIVAL 
∑Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, today 
I commemorate the annual Colorado Dragon Boat Festival on their 15th-an-niversary celebration taking place on July 18 and 19 at Sloan’s Lake in Den-ver, CO. 
The Dragon Boat Festival is a ritual 
that is more than 2,000 years old. This sporting event has spread to cities around the world, and Denver’s Dragon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.026 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5004 July 13, 2015 
Boat Festival is no exception. This cul-
tural event celebrates Colorado’s di-verse Chinese and Taiwanese popu-lation. Thousands of competitors and spectators alike gather downtown for this annual race. 
The Colorado Dragon Boat Festival 
has been recognized as one of Denver’s largest and most prolific cultural events. In 2011, the CDBF earned the Denver Mayor’s Diversity Award. In 2013, the event received the Denver Mayor’s Award for Excellence in Arts and Culture. Additionally, Director Erin Yoshimura was the first Asian American to win the Boettcher Foun-dation’s Livingston Fellowship. 
As chairman of the Senate Foreign 
Relations Committee’s Subcommittee on Asia, the Pacific and International Cybersecurity Cooperation, I am dedi-cated to strengthening relationships with our Asian communities at home and abroad. 
Best of luck to the 52 teams com-
peting in this year’s race, and I look forward to many more years of cele-brating the Colorado Dragon Boat Fes-tival. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COL RHONDA D. 
SMILLIE 
∑Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I wish 
to pay tribute to Col Rhonda Smillie of the U.S. Army Reserve who retired in May 2015 with more than 32 years of service and who, for the past 2 years, has served as a legislative liaison for the chief, Army Reserve. I am grateful for her life of service to the Army Re-serve and wish her well as she transi-tions into retirement. 
A native of Fort Atkinson, WI, 
Rhonda was commissioned via the Re-serve Officer’s Training Corps Program at the University of Wisconsin-White-water, and went on to earn advanced degrees from Lindenwood University in St. Charles, MO, and from the U.S. Army War College in Carlisle, PA. 
Currently serving as the legislative 
liaison for the chief, Army Reserve, with responsibility for 19 States, Colo-nel Smillie travels extensively throughout her territory. From Ohio to Washington, from North Dakota to Missouri, she conducts education and outreach events that ensure commu-nity leaders understand the impact of the Army Reserve. Her efforts high-light key aspects of the Army Reserve that otherwise go unnoticed such as providing medical and dental assist-ance to underserved communities in northern Montana, providing cost ef-fective training via Chinook helicopter simulators in Kansas, and working to ensure returning soldiers receive nec-essary support via the Yellow Ribbon Program in various States. She has helped to highlight the Public Private Partnership and other programs unique to the Army Reserve. 
Prior to assignment as a legislative 
liaison, she served as the deputy direc-tor, Military Personnel Management, Department of the Army Headquarters, G–1. On points of law and policy she 
was trusted to consider the needs of the Army, the Army Reserve, and sol-diers and families. She expertly as-sisted in developing personnel policies to keep pace with an Army engaged in persistent conflict while simulta-neously drawing down the force. 
With more than 20 years of Active 
Duty in support of the Army Reserve, Colonel Smillie’s distinguished career is marked by tremendous accomplish-ments, impacting across the breadth and depth of the Army. Her distinctive leadership in positions demanding the utmost trust and responsibility, cou-pled with her exceptional profes-sionalism and selfless service, will have a lasting positive impact on Army per-sonnel readiness. 
It is only fair and proper to acknowl-
edge the tireless support of her hus-band, Mr. Douglas Bryan Way, and their son, Truman Douglas Smillie Way, as it enabled her to work tire-lessly on her assigned duties. Let us thank them all for their sacrifices and wish them continued success in the fu-ture. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 3:02 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 5. An act to support State and local 
accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 6. An act to accelerate the discovery, 
development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2647. An act to expedite under the Na-
tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and improve forest management activities on National Forest System lands, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to re-turn resilience to overgrown, fire-prone for-ested lands, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the 
Speaker appoints the following Mem-bers as additional conferees in the con-ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1735) to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 
for military activities of the Depart-ment of the Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
From the Permanent Select Com-
mittee on Intelligence, for consider-ation of matters within the jurisdic-tion within that committee under clause 11 of rule X: Messrs. N
UNES , 
KINGof New York, and S CHIFF . 
From the Committee on Education 
and the Workforce, for consideration of secs. 571 and 573 of the House bill and secs. 561–63 of the Senate amendment and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. R
OKITA , B ISHOP of 
Michigan, and S COTT of Virginia. 
From the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce, for consideration of secs. 314, 632, 634, 3111–13, 3119, 3133, and 3141 of the House bill and secs. 601, 632, 3118, and 3119 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. U
PTON , BARTON , and 
PALLONE . 
From the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, for consideration of secs. 1011, 1059, 1090, 1092, 1201, 1203–5, 1215, 1221, 1223, 1226, 1234–36, 1247–49, 1253, 1257, 1263, 1264, 1267, 1270, 1301, 1532, 1541, 1542, 1663, 1668–70, 2802, 3118, and 3119 of the House bill and secs. 1011, 1012, 1082, 1201–05, 1207, 1209, 1223, 1225, 1228, 1251, 1252, 1261, 1264, 1265, 1272, 1301, 1302, 1531–33, 1631, 1654, and 1655 of the Sen-ate amendment and modifications com-mitted to conference: Messrs. R
OYCE , 
MARINO , and E NGEL . 
From the Committee on Homeland 
Security, for consideration of secs. 589 and 1041 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Mr. M
CCAUL, Mrs. M ILLER of 
Michigan, and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi. 
From the Committee on the Judici-
ary, for consideration of secs. 1040, 1052, 1085, 1216, 1641, and 2862, of the House bill and secs. 1032, 1034, 1090, and 1227 of the Senate amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Messrs. G
OODLATTE , ISSA, and C ONYERS . 
From the Committee on Natural Re-
sources, for consideration of secs. 312, 632, 634, 2841, 2842, 2851–53, and 2862 of the House bill and secs. 313, 601, and 632 of the Senate amendment, and modi-fications committed to conference: Messrs. C
OOK, HARDY , and G RIJALVA . 
From the Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform, for consider-ation of secs. 602, 631, 634, 838, 854, 855, 866, 871, 1069, and 1101–05 of the House bill and secs. 592, 593, 631, 806, 830, 861, 1090, 1101, 1102, 1104, 1105, 1107–09, 1111, 1112, 1114, and 1115 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Messrs. H
URD of 
Texas, R USSELL , and C UMMINGS . 
From the Committee on Rules, for 
consideration of sec. 1032 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Messrs. S
ESSIONS , 
BYRNE , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.001 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5005 July 13, 2015 
From the Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology, for consider-ation of sec. 3136 of the House bill and sec. 1613 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. L
UCAS , KNIGHT , and 
Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
From the Committee on Small Busi-
ness, for consideration of secs. 831–34, 839, 840, 842–46, 854, and 871 of the House bill and secs. 828, 831, 882, 883, and 885 of the Senate amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Messrs. C
HABOT , HANNA , and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
From the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure, for consider-ation of secs. 302, 562, 569, 570a, 591, 1060a, 1073, 2811, and 3501 of the House bill and secs. 601, 642, 1613, 3504, and 3505, of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. G
RAVES of Louisiana, 
CURBELO of Florida, and Ms. E DWARDS . 
From the Committee on Veterans’ 
Affairs, for consideration of secs. 565, 566, 592, 652, 701, 721, 722, 1105, and 1431 of the House bill and secs. 539, 605, 633, 719, 1083, 1084, 1089, 1091, and 1411 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. R
OE 
of Tennessee, B ILIRAKIS , and Ms. 
BROWN of Florida. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
At 5:13 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 2620. An act to amend the United 
States Cotton Futures Act to exclude certain cotton futures contracts from coverage under such Act. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 6. An act to accelerate the discovery, 
development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
H.R. 2647. An act to expedite under the Na-
tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and improve forest management activities on National Forest System lands, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to re-turn resilience to overgrown, fire-prone for-ested lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the first 
and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 5. An act to support State and local 
accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes. EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2209. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘S-metolachlor; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9927–85) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 6, 2015; to the 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2210. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of General Larry O. Spen-cer, United States Air Force, and his ad-vancement to the grade of general on the re-tired list; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–2211. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2014 Section 45K(d)(2)(C) Reference Price’’ (Notice 2015–45) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2212. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report prepared by the Department of State on progress toward a negotiated solu-tion of the Cyprus question covering the pe-riod February 1, 2015 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2213. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Clean Air Act Title V Operating Per-mit Program Revision; Pennsylvania’’ (FRL No. 9930–30–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–2214. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Determination of Attainment of the 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Standard for the Liberty-Clairton Nonattainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9930–23–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2215. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Kansas; Up-date to Materials Incorporated by Ref-erence’’ (FRL No. 9926–48–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–2216. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, South Coast Air Quality Management District’’ (FRL No. 9929–58–Re-gion 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2217. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-
ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California SIP, Ven-tura and Eastern Kern Air Pollution Control Districts; Permit Exemptions’’ (FRL No. 
9929–64–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2218. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, South Coast Air Quality Management District’’ (FRL No. 9929–60–Re-gion 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2219. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Preconstruction Requirements—Nonattain-ment New Source Review’’ (FRL No. 9930–31– Region 3) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2220. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Redesignation Request and Associated Maintenance Plan for the Johnstown Non-attainment Area for the 1997 Annual and 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Matter Standard’’ (FRL No. 9930–24–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2221. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Findings of Failure to Submit a Sec-tion 110 State Implementation Plan for Interstate Transport for the 2008 National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone’’ (FRL No. 9930–25–OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–2222. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Low Emissions Vehicle Program Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9930–35–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2223. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants for the Portland Ce-ment Manufacturing Industry and Standards of Performance for Portland Cement Plants’’ (FRL No. 9927–62–OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–2224. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; New Mexico; Revisions to the Particulate Matter Less than 2.5 Mi-crometers (PM2.5) Prevention of Significant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY6.002 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5006 July 13, 2015 
Deterioration (PSD) Permitting Program 
State Implementation Plan (SIP)’’ (FRL No. 9930–27–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2225. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Partial Approval and Partial Dis-approval of Air Quality State Implementa-tion Plans; Arizona; Infrastructure Require-ments for Lead and Ozone’’ (FRL No. 9930–28– Region 9) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2226. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, Feather River Air Qual-ity Management District’’ (FRL No. 9927–76– Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 6, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2227. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, Butte County Air Qual-ity Management District’’ (FRL No. 9928–50– Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 6, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2228. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Polychlorinated Biphenyls (PCBs): Revisions to Manifesting Regulations; Item Number’’ (FRL No. 9929–92–OSWER) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 6, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2229. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emissions Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants for Mineral Wool Production and Wool Fiberglass Manufac-turing’’ ((RIN2060–AQ90) (FRL No. 9928–71– OAR)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 6, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2230. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Modification of Significant New Uses of Certain Chemical Substances’’ ((RIN2070– AB27) (FRL No. 9928–93)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 6, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2231. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Kansas; Up-date to Materials Incorporated by Ref-erence’’ (FRL No. 9926–48–Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 6, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2232. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-
ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Nebraska; Update to Materials Incorporated by Ref-erence’’ (FRL No. 9926–49–Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 6, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2233. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Health Resources and Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program: Ad-dition of Intussusception as Injury for Rotavirus Vaccines to the Vaccine Injury Table’’ (RIN0906–AB00) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2234. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Partitions of Eligi-ble Multiemployer Plans’’ (RIN1212–AB29) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2014; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2235. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0485)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2236. A communication from the Chair-
man, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Board’s 2015 Federal Activities Inventory Reform Act inventory; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs . 
EC–2237. A communication from the Dis-
trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Certification of Fiscal Year 2015 Total Local Source Gen-eral Fund Revenue Estimate (Net of Dedi-cated Taxes) in Support of the District’s Issuance of General Obligation Bonds (Series 2015A and 2015B)’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–2238. A communication from the Staff 
Director, U.S. Sentencing Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 2014 An-nual Report and Sourcebook of Federal Sen-tencing Statistics; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–2239. A communication from the Chief 
of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Accessible Emergency Information, and Apparatus Re-quirements for Emergency Information and Video Description’’ (MB Docket No. 12–107, FCC 15–56) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2240. A communication from the Chief 
Executive Officer, United States Anti- Doping Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s 2014 annual report and Independent Auditor’s reports and financial statements for 2014 and 2013; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2241. A communication from the Para-
legal Specialist, Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Directives; Learjet Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) 
(Docket No. FAA–2014–0249)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2242. A communication from the Para-
legal Specialist, Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Directives; Avidyne Corporation Integrated Flight Dis-plays’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–2191)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2243. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2014–0618)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2244. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2014–0585)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2245. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Agusta S.p.A. (Agusta) Heli-copters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–2119)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2246. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Tribune, KS’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0744)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2247. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Tucumari, NM’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0902)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2248. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment to the Titles of Restricted Areas R– 5301, R–5302A, R–5302B, and R–5302C; North Carolina’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–1862)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2249. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Pilot Pairing Requirement’’ ((RIN2120– 
AK68) (Docket No. FAA–2015–2129)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY6.005 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5007 July 13, 2015 
EC–2250. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Electronic Applications for Licenses, Permits, and Safe-ty Approvals’’ ((RIN2120–AK58) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1745)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petitions and memo-
rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–45. A resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate of the State of Louisiana memorializing the United States Congress to take such ac-tions as are necessary to designate Gram-bling State University as a United States Department of Agriculture 1890 land-grant institution; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 141 
Whereas, a land-grant college or university 
is a postsecondary education institution that has been designated to receive the benefits of the federal Morrill Acts of 1862 or 1890; and 
Whereas, there is at least one land-grant 
institution in every state and territory of the United States, as well as the District of Columbia, and over the years, land-grant status has been associated with several types of federal support; and 
Whereas, two universities in this state, 
Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College (LSU) and Southern University and Agricultural and Mechanical College (SU), are designated as land-grant institutions; LSU received this designation in 1862, and in 1890, what is known as the Second Morrill Act conferred land-grant sta-tus to several historically black colleges and universities, commonly referred to as ‘‘1890 land-grant institutions’’, and SU is among this group; and 
Whereas, Grambling State University, lo-
cated in Grambling, Louisiana, is seeking designation as an 1890 land-grant institution under the banner of the Second Morrill Act; and 
Whereas, Grambling State University was 
founded in 1901 by the North Louisiana Col-ored Agriculture Relief Association; in 1905, it moved to its present location and was re-named the North Louisiana Agricultural and Industrial School; in 1946, it became Gram-bling College; and in 1949, it earned its first accreditation by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools; and 
Whereas, in 1974, the school began to offer 
graduate programs in early childhood and el-ementary education and acquired the name Grambling State University; over the years, several new academic programs have been incorporated and new facilities added to the 384-acre campus; and 
Whereas, Grambling now offers more than 
eight hundred courses and forty-seven degree programs in five colleges, including an hon-ors college, two professional schools, a grad-uate school, and a Division of Continuing Education; and 
Whereas, Grambling combines the aca-
demic strengths of a major university with the benefits of a small college, and its stu-dents grow and learn in a serene and positive environment; and 
Whereas, in addition to being one of the 
country’s top producers of African-American graduates, Grambling is home to the inter-nationally renowned Tiger Marching Band and remains proud of the legacy of the late Eddie Robinson, Sr., a truly legendary foot-
ball coach; and 
Whereas, Grambling places an emphasis on 
the value and importance of each student, which is exemplified by its motto, ‘‘Where Everybody is Somebody’’; and 
Whereas, after more than a decade since its 
founding, Grambling remains an important influence in the quality of lives and commu-nities of generations of North Louisiana resi-dents; and 
Whereas, the designation of Ohio’s Central 
State University as an 1890 land-grant insti-tution in the 2014 Farm Bill set a very recent precedent for the addition of a university to the land-grant system; and 
Whereas, the nation’s system of land-grant 
institutions would be strengthened by the in-clusion of Grambling State University; and 
Whereas, as a historically black university 
with a strong record of academics, research, and service, Grambling, with its rich history and traditions, would bring a unique perspec-tive to the land-grant system; and 
Whereas, for one hundred twenty-five 
years, the 1890 land-grant institutions have played a vital role in ensuring access to higher education and opportunity for under-served communities, and as such an institu-tion, Grambling would have access to in-creased resources that it could direct to serving such communities and to providing research, extension, and public services in North Louisiana, an area where these serv-ices are not currently being provided suffi-ciently; and 
Whereas, such designation would be con-
sistent with Grambling’s agricultural origins and its mission and history of service to Af-rican-American students and the people of Louisiana and would strengthen Grambling’s research and teaching in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) pro-grams and enhance existing programs and fa-cilitate the development of new programs in agricultural business, biotechnology, eco-nomics, environment and natural resources, family and consumer science, and engineer-ing technology; and 
Whereas, Grambling State University has 
made the same extraordinary contributions to the education of African Americans in the state of Louisiana as other 1890 land-grant universities have made in their respective states; and 
Whereas, as the only Historically Black 
College or University (HBCU) in the Univer-sity of Louisiana System, the role that Grambling plays in the state is critical; and 
Whereas, a land-grant designation would 
enhance greatly Grambling’s service to the people of Louisiana, and it is appropriate that Congress take all necessary measures to grant such designation to Grambling State University: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate of the Legisla-
ture of Louisiana does hereby memorialize the United States Congress to take such ac-tions as are necessary to designate Gram-bling State University as a United States Department of Agriculture 1890 land-grant institution; and be it further 
Resolved, That a copy of this Resolution 
shall be transmitted to the secretary of the United States Senate, the clerk of the United States House of Representatives, and to each member of the Louisiana delegation to the United States Congress. 
POM–46. A concurrent resolution adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana memorializing the United States Congress to take action against illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing in Louisiana’s sovereign waters by passing H.R. 774, the Illegal, Unre-ported, and Unregulated Fishing Enforce-ment Act of 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. S
ENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 66 
Whereas, illegal, unreported, and unregu-
lated fishing is a global problem with serious economic, environmental, and security im-plications; and 
Whereas, illegal fishing accounts for eco-
nomic losses of up to billions of dollars per year nationally and such activity is largely conducted by foreign fleets at the expense of United States fishermen, coastal commu-nities, and the sustainability of global fish stocks; and 
Whereas, illegal fishing is of particular 
consequence in Louisiana, where the Gulf Coast waters supply seafood for the citizens of the United States and support the hospi-tality industry, tourism-related businesses, and the vibrant recreational and commercial fishing industry; and 
Whereas, not only does illegal fishing re-
sult in economic losses to the Louisiana fish-ing industry and other coastal businesses, but it also is a threat to the sustainability of our fisheries and to the Louisiana Gulf Coast ecosystem; and 
Whereas, the United States Coast Guard is 
to be commended for apprehending and in-vestigating foreign vessels engaged in illegal activity along the U.S.-Mexico border, often patrolling the Gulf of Mexico in a cat-and- mouse game specifically with Mexican fish-ermen who are fishing illegally; and 
Whereas, illegal fishermen in the Gulf of 
Mexico compete for local fish stock and dis-regard state and federal laws on catch limits, or of marine species including marine mam-mals and sea turtles that are indiscrimi-nately killed by the use of illegal long-line netting, and where some of the illegally caught fish is exported back into the U.S. and flood the market; and 
Whereas, vessels involved with illegal fish-
ing are also associated with other crimes, in-cluding drug trafficking, human trafficking, and illegal immigration, and the incursion by these foreign fishing vessels into U.S. waters constitutes a violation of our sov-ereignty: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Legislature of Louisiana 
memorializes the Congress of the United States to take action against illegal, unre-ported, and unregulated fishing in our sov-ereign waters by passing H.R. 774, the Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated Fishing En-forcement Act of 2015; and be it further 
Resolved, That the Legislature of Louisiana 
hereby expresses its commitment to the elimination of illegal fishing, to the long- term conservation of Louisiana marine re-sources, and to the protection of the Lou-isiana Gulf Coast fishing and coastal com-munities; and be it further 
Resolved, That a copy of this Resolution 
shall be transmitted to the secretary of the United States Senate and the clerk of the United States House of Representatives and to each member of the Louisiana delegation to the United States Congress. 
POM–47. A resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate of the State of Louisiana commending the United States Congress on the passage of bipartisan legislation to permanently set the payment amounts that Medicare pays for physician services, known as the doc fix; to the Committee on Finance. 
S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 109 
Whereas, the term ‘‘doc fix’’ refers to the 
formula the federal government uses to pay physicians who treat patients covered by Medicare, who pay less than they would oth-erwise to see a physician and the federal gov-ernment makes up the difference and pays the physician an amount determined by Con-gress; and 
Whereas, in 1997, Congress cut payments to 
physicians who treat patients enrolled in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY6.006 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5008 July 13, 2015 
Medicare in order to help balance the federal 
budget; and 
Whereas, while Congress had considered 
cutting the dollars to physicians treating Medicare patients, but did not have the col-lective will to carry it through, being con-cerned that some physicians might not con-tinue to treat Medicare patients at a reduced rate, and the cut was postponed until a fu-ture date; and 
Whereas, over the last eighteen years Con-
gress has postponed the cut seventeen times and the cut has become a possible twenty percent reduction in payments if the at-tempt to postpone the cuts failed during this Congress; and 
Whereas, with the current doc fix exten-
sion set to expire on March 31, 2015, Congress may consider the need for structural reforms to Medicare generally, not merely a post-ponement of the cut for another year; and 
Whereas, with the unconscionable cut of 
more than twenty percent looming without the annual doc fix extension in April, Con-gress agreed to begin broader structural changes to Medicare, ending the doc fix shell game permanently; 
Whereas, despite the reality that 
healthcare is expensive and that the annual revisiting of the doc fix formula of paying physicians was, at least, a bad way to gov-ern, a bipartisan solution proved attainable even in a time when merely entertaining an idea from the other side of the aisle is often unthinkable; and 
Whereas, with the reality that one polit-
ical party leads both houses of Congress and the other holds the presidency, true biparti-sanship is the only path to successfully at-tacking any of the country’s issues, yet that bipartisanship is noticeably absent in the discussion of most of those issues; and 
Whereas, while partisan differences have 
been more likely to win the day, the ability to craft a bipartisan doc fix solution requires the leadership of both political parties in both houses to focus on solutions rather than differences, and for that both the leadership and the members of Congress as a whole should be heartily congratulated; and 
Whereas, in reaching agreement on the end 
to the doc fix extensions, Congress has begun the daunting task of reforming and restruc-turing America’s entitlement programs, a beginning worthy of note and of acclaim: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate of the Legisla-
ture of Louisiana does hereby commend the United States Congress on the passage of bi-partisan legislation to permanently set the payment amounts that Medicare pays for physician services, known as the doc fix; and be it further 
Resolved, That a copy of this Resolution be 
transmitted to the presiding officers of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the Congress of the United States of America and to each member of the Louisiana con-gressional delegation. 
POM–48. A concurrent resolution adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana memorializing the United States Congress to restore trade relations between the United States and Cuba in order to open the market to Louisiana rice; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
S
ENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 68 
Whereas, in 2014, Louisiana produced over 
three billion pounds of rice amounting to fif-teen percent of the United States’ rice pro-duction; and 
Whereas, the rice industry provides over 
nine thousand jobs to the Louisiana econ-omy; and 
Whereas, increased rice exports to Cuba 
would lead to greater export opportunities for Louisiana farmers and the potential for 
increased acreage; and 
Whereas, resumed rice exports to Cuba 
would also benefit those affiliated with rice production, milling, and exporting; and 
Whereas, rice farming and milling has a 
large impact on Louisiana’s secondary econ-omy in that for every dollar that Louisiana rice produces, approximately thirty-five cents is added indirectly to the economy through seed and fertilizer sales, farm equip-ment, crop services, and transportation; and 
Whereas, resuming the trade of rice with 
Cuba would be a huge economic gain for Lou-isiana’s port system; and 
Whereas, prior to the creation of the trade 
embargo in 1962, the Port of New Orleans handled over sixty-five percent of all traded goods to Cuba; and 
Whereas, the fifty-plus-year trade embargo 
between the United States and Cuba remains the longest-standing embargo in modern his-tory; and 
Whereas, Louisiana is the top state of 
origination for Cuban-bound exports, rep-resenting nearly thirty percent of the export market share; and 
Whereas, it is time to end an outdated pol-
icy that continues to deny valuable business opportunities to Louisiana rice farmers, mil-lers, and allied businesses, such as transpor-tation, storage, and shipping; and 
Whereas, Cuba imports more than one bil-
lion dollars worth of food every year, includ-ing approximately five hundred thousand tons of rice; and 
Whereas, the rice industry in Louisiana is 
positioned to benefit from the market oppor-tunities that normalized trade with Cuba would provide due to our healthy supply, port infrastructure, and proximity to Cuba; and 
Whereas, the USA Rice Federation and its 
affiliate members along with the Louisiana Rice Growers Association, the Louisiana Rice Promotion Board, and the Louisiana Rice Council are in support of restoring trade relations between the United States and Cuba in order to open the market to Louisiana rice: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Legislature of Louisiana 
memorializes the Congress of the United States to restore trade relations between the United States and Cuba in order to open the market to Louisiana rice; and be it further 
Resolved, That a copy of this Resolution 
shall be transmitted to the secretary of the United States Senate, the clerk of the United States House of Representatives, and to each member of the Louisiana delegation to the United States Congress. 
POM–49. A concurrent resolution adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Missouri urging the President of the United States and the United States Congress to repeal the excise tax on medical devices; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
S
ENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 29 
Whereas, a new 2.3% federal excise tax on 
the sale of taxable medical devices by manu-facturers, producers, and importers of such devices took effect on January 1, 2013; and 
Whereas, the United States Congress Joint 
Committee on Taxation estimates that the tax will generate $29 billion in revenue in its first ten years; and 
Whereas, the United States is a net ex-
porter in medical devices, exporting $5.4 bil-lion more than it imports, and accounts for 40% of the global medical technology mar-ket; and 
Whereas, a study completed by the Man-
hattan Institute found that the medical de-vice tax will almost double the medical de-vice industry’s total tax bill and could result in the loss of up to 43,000 jobs in the medical technology industry; and Whereas, the medical device tax will harm 
the United States’ global competitiveness, stunt medical innovation, and restrict the ability of patients to receive the life-saving medical devices and care they need; and 
Whereas, the medical device tax is imposed 
on United States sales, rather than profits, of medical device manufacturers, so it will be particularly damaging to innovative start-up companies: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the members of the Missouri 
Senate, Ninety-eighth General Assembly, First Regular Session, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring therein, hereby urge the President of the United States and the Congress of the United States to repeal the excise tax on medical devices; and be it fur-ther 
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Mis-
souri Senate be instructed to prepare prop-erly inscribed copies of this resolution for the President and Secretary of the United States Senate, the Speaker and Clerk of the United States House of Representatives and the members of the Missouri Congressional delegation. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HEINRICH: 
S. 1749. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow allocation of cer-tain renewable energy tax credits to Indian tribes, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUNT , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. W ICKER , 
Mr. K IRK, Mr. G RAHAM , and Mr. 
TILLIS ): 
S. 1750. A bill to decrease the deficit by re-
aligning, consolidating, disposing, and im-proving the efficiency of Federal buildings and other civilian real property, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
By Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 1751. A bill to provide for a grant pro-
gram for handgun licensing programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
FLAKE ): 
S. 1752. A bill to enhance communication 
between Federal, State, tribal, and local ju-risdictions and to ensure the rapid and effec-tive deportation of certain criminal aliens; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BROWN: 
S. 1753. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify and permanently extend qualified zone academy bonds, and to treat such bonds as specified tax credit bonds; to the Committee on Finance. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. LEAHY: 
S. Res. 222. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate that the Federation Internationale de Football Association should immediately eliminate gender pay in-equity and treat all athletes with the same respect and dignity; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY6.010 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5009 July 13, 2015 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 192 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator 
from Colorado (Mr. B ENNET ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 192, a bill to reau-thorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 271 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name 
of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
271, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit certain retired members of the uniformed services who have a service-connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for their disability and either re-tired pay by reason of their years of military service or Combat-Related Special Compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of providers al-lowed to utilize locum tenens arrange-ments under Medicare. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 318 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 318, a bill to prioritize funding for the National Institutes of Health to discover treatments and cures, to maintain global leadership in medical innovation, and to restore the pur-chasing power the NIH had after the historic doubling campaign that ended in fiscal year 2003. 
S. 326 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 326, a bill to amend the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 to pro-vide cancellation ceilings for steward-ship end result contracting projects, and for other purposes. 
S. 330 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 330, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to make per-manent the special rule for contribu-tions of qualified conservation con-tributions, and for other purposes. 
S. 338 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
338, a bill to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation 
Fund. 
S. 429 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 429, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to pro-vide a standard definition of thera-peutic foster care services in Medicaid. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
439, a bill to end discrimination based on actual or perceived sexual orienta-tion or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 471 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 471, a bill to improve the pro-vision of health care for women vet-erans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 498 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
498, a bill to allow reciprocity for the carrying of certain concealed firearms. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coin-surance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is re-quired during the screening. 
S. 626 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 626, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to cover physi-cian services delivered by podiatric physicians to ensure access by Med-icaid beneficiaries to appropriate qual-ity foot and ankle care, to amend title XVIII of such Act to modify the re-quirements for diabetic shoes to be in-cluded under Medicare, and for other purposes. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 804 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring de-vices, and for other purposes. 
S. 806 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 806, a bill to amend section 31306 
of title 49, United States Code, to rec-ognize hair as an alternative specimen for preemployment and random con-trolled substances testing of commer-cial motor vehicle drivers and for other purposes. 
S. 1002 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1002, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for colle-giate housing and infrastructure grants. 
S. 1049 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1049, a bill to allow the financing by United States persons of sales of ag-ricultural commodities to Cuba. 
S. 1119 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1119, a bill to establish the National Criminal Justice Commis-sion. 
S. 1300 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1300, a bill to amend the sec-tion 221 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act to provide relief for adop-tive families from immigrant visa fees in certain situations. 
S. 1314 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1314, a bill to establish an interim rule for the operation of small unmanned aircraft for commercial pur-poses and their safe integration into the national airspace system. 
S. 1330 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1330, a bill to amend the Equal Credit Opportunity Act to prohibit dis-crimination on account of sexual ori-entation or gender identity when ex-tending credit. 
S. 1428 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1428, a bill to amend the USEC Privat-ization Act to require the Secretary of Energy to issue a long-term Federal ex-cess uranium inventory management plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 1429 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1429, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the deductibility of charitable con-tributions to agricultural research or-ganizations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1434 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the 
names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY6.013 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5010 July 13, 2015 
from New Mexico (Mr. U DALL ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1434, a bill to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to establish an en-ergy storage portfolio standard, and for other purposes. 
S. 1490 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator from 
New Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) and the 
Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S CHATZ ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1490, a bill to establish an advisory office within the Bureau of Consumer Protection of the Federal Trade Commission to prevent fraud targeting seniors, and for other purposes. 
S. 1513 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1513, a bill to reauthorize the Second Chance Act of 2007. 
S. 1538 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1538, a bill to reform the fi-nancing of Senate elections, and for other purposes. 
S. 1554 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1554, a bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act and to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study with respect to stormwater run-off from oil and gas operations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1579 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1579, a bill to enhance and integrate Native American tourism, empower Native American communities, in-crease coordination and collaboration between Federal tourism assets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States. 
S. 1584 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1584, a bill to repeal the renewable fuel standard. 
S. 1598 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1598, a bill to prevent discriminatory treatment of any person on the basis of views held with respect to marriage. 
S. 1641 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1641, a bill to improve the use by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs of opioids in treating veterans, to improve patient advocacy by the De-partment, and to expand availability of complementary and integrative health, and for other purposes. S. 1716 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1716, a bill to provide ac-cess to higher education for the stu-dents of the United States. 
S. 1726 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1726, a bill to create pro-tections for depository institutions that provide financial services to mari-juana-related businesses, and for other purposes. 
S. 1748 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. R
EED) and the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1748, a bill to provide for improved investment in na-tional transportation infrastructure. 
S. RES. 213 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Res. 213, a resolution desig-nating October 30, 2015, as a national day of remembrance for nuclear weap-ons program workers. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2135 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) and the Senator from Wisconsin 
(Mr. J OHNSON ) were added as cospon-
sors of amendment No. 2135 intended to be proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
At the request of Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Michi-gan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator 
from West Virginia (Mr. M ANCHIN ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2135 intended to be proposed to S. 1177, supra. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2159 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2159 intended to be pro-posed to S. 1177, an original bill to re-authorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2169 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 2169 in-tended to be proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2174 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 2174 intended to be proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. AMENDMENT NO . 2182 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 2182 intended to be proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure 
that every child achieves. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. BROWN: 
S. 1753. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to modify and permanently extend qualified zone academy bonds, and to treat such bonds as specified tax credit bonds; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, today I 
call attention to our Nation’s edu-cation infrastructure. America’s schools are in desperate need of repair. A 2014 report by the National Center for Education Statistics found that the U.S. needs to invest nearly $200 billion in school facilities just to bring them up to date. This echoed the findings of the American Society of Civil Engi-neers, who in 2013 gave American pub-lic school buildings a D-plus rating. 
Fortunately, there is a way for Con-
gress to help facilitate these necessary improvements. The Qualified Zone Academy Bond (QZAB) program helps schools that serve low-income students pay for building renovations, facility upgrades, equipment purchases, and other expensive projects. QZABs pro-vide tax credits to financial institu-tions who provide bonds or other debt instruments to qualified schools. These tax credits decrease interest payments for schools that take on debt to ren-ovate their facilities. 
Since creating QZABs in 1997, Con-
gress has consistently extended the program, even expanding it for a brief period between 2008 and 2010. But the program expired at the end of 2014. 
It is time Congress enhanced and 
made permanent this important tax credit. Today I will introduce the Re-building America’s Schools Act. This bill would extend permanently the QZAB program and increase the allot-ted funding for the program from $400 million per year to the levels author-ized under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act—$1.4 billion. Lastly, it would allow schools to use QZABs to finance construction of new buildings. Under current law, QZABs can only be used to finance renovations or up-grades to existing school buildings. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in 
cosponsoring the Rebuilding America’s Schools Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY6.014 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5011 July 13, 2015 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 222—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT THE FE ´DE´RATION 
INTERNATIONALE DE FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION SHOULD IMME-DIATELY ELIMINATE GENDER PAY INEQUITY AND TREAT ALL ATHLETES WITH THE SAME RE-SPECT AND DIGNITY 
Mr. LEAHY submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 222 
Whereas the Fe ´de´ration Internationale de 
Football Association (referred to in this pre-amble as ‘‘FIFA’’) awarded $576,000,000 to the 32 teams that competed in the 2014 Men’s World Cup, but only awarded $15,000,000 to the 24 teams that competed in the 2015 Wom-en’s World Cup; 
Whereas FIFA awarded $35,000,000 to the 
team that won the 2014 Men’s World Cup, but only awarded $2,000,000 to the team that won the 2015 Women’s World Cup; 
Whereas FIFA awarded $6,000,000 more in 
prizes to each team that lost in the first round of the 2014 Men’s World Cup than to the team that won the 2015 Women’s World Cup; 
Whereas FIFA awarded $420,000,000 to the 
32 teams that competed in the 2010 Men’s World Cup, but only awarded $10,000,000 to the 24 teams that competed in the 2011 Wom-en’s World Cup; 
Whereas FIFA awarded $31,000,000 to the 
team that won the 2010 Men’s World Cup, but only awarded $1,000,000 to the team that won the 2011 Women’s World Cup; 
Whereas the 2015 Women’s World Cup Final 
had more than 25,000,000 viewers in the United States, making it more widely viewed than the Major League Baseball World Series or the National Basketball Association Finals; 
Whereas the 2015 Women’s World Cup high-
lighted the need to eliminate the existing gender pay disparity in prize award structure in athletic competitions that has persisted for decades; 
Whereas the unfair and unjust prize award 
allocation system used by FIFA sends a ter-rible message to women and girls around the world about the value of their contribution to sports; 
Whereas, in 2007, Wimbledon finally imple-
mented an equal prize payment structure for all athletes, regardless of gender; and 
Whereas gender should not determine the 
amount of a prize award that a person or team receives in an athletic competition: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) urges the Fe ´de´ration Internationale de 
Football Association to immediately elimi-nate gender pay inequity and to treat all athletes with the respect and dignity those athletes deserve; 
(2) supports an end to the unfair and unjust 
practice of gender pay inequity in the work-place, including athletic competitions and related prize awards; 
(3) urges all other local, State, Federal, 
and international organizations to eliminate gender pay inequity; and 
(4) instructs the Secretary of the Senate to 
submit a copy of this resolution to the Presi-dent of the Fe ´de´ration Internationale de 
Football Association. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, last week 
more than 25 million Americans watched the U.S. women’s soccer team 
win for the third time soccer’s most coveted title—the Federation Inter-nationale de Football Association 
(FIFA) World Cup. This thrilling vic-tory was the most widely viewed wom-en’s soccer game in our Nation’s his-tory. Americans are proud of this im-pressive victory, and we applaud these world-class athletes for their contribu-tions to our Nation’s legacy. 
Anybody walking down the road by 
our farm house the night of the soccer game—we had our windows open— would have heard Marcelle and I screaming with joy at the victory. 
But as the celebrations fade, we 
should all be troubled by the way FIFA discriminates against some of the teams that compete in the World Cup. The U.S. women’s team will receive $2 million for winning the Women’s World Cup. The 2014 men’s World Cup winner was awarded $35 million. In fact, men’s teams that lost in the first round of the 2014 men’s World Cup were awarded $8 million—four times more than the champion U.S. women’s team. The rea-son for this extreme disparity? Gender. 
So today, I am introducing a Senate 
resolution that calls on FIFA to imme-diately eliminate this discriminatory prize award structure. Opponents of equal prize awards in sports point to revenue as the reason behind this dis-parity. But revenue should not be and cannot be accepted as a means for dis-crimination. In fact, they ought to ask this: How many people watched the women’s soccer team? Most teams would give anything to have that viewership. 
The 24 women’s teams that took part 
in FIFA’s tournament are role mod-els—not just to women and girls but to men and boys across the globe. The World Cup champions should be re-warded for their performance, for their grit, and for their teamwork, rather than devalued for their gender. 
Nelson Mandela, a person I met often 
and admired, once said: ‘‘Sport has the power to change the world.’’ Well, sports bring us together in our commu-nities and on the global stage. They re-mind us what we have in common, they inspire us to dream, and they push be-yond every boundary. 
This weekend, millions of people 
watched American tennis star Serena Williams win the women’s final at Wimbledon, marking her sixth cham-pionship at the All England Club. The next day, Serbian tennis star Novak Djokovic won the men’s final on the very same court. Both of these athletes competed against the very best players in the world, and they were awarded the very same amount of prize money for their impressive victories. This is because Wimbledon chose to be on the right side of history in 2007 by ensuring pay equity for female and male ath-letes. For years, tennis champions such as Billie Jean King and Venus Williams fought for equal treatment for the fu-ture champions of their sport. 
I hope the story of the American 
Women’s World Cup champions not re-ceiving fair treatment will inspire 
more people to join the fight for equal prize awards. With the resolution I in-troduce today, let the Senate be on record in support of fair treatment for all World Cup champions as we urge FIFA to change its policy, just as the All England Club did years ago. 
The fight for gender equality con-
tinues and is a fight worth winning. In 2009, I proudly voted for passage of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which amended the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to clarify the statute of limitations for filing an equal-pay lawsuit regarding pay discrimination. And I supported Senator M
IKULSKI ’s Paycheck Fairness 
Act, which would ensure that all Amer-icans receive equal pay for equal work. 
We have had a lot of civil rights 
fights in our Nation’s history. The bat-tle for true equality has persisted for too long. Let’s join together. Let’s send a powerful message of equality to those who aspire to one day become a cham-pion. Equal pay for equal work should no longer be an ideal, but instead the reality for all. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2215. Mr. REID (for Mr. N ELSON ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the El-
ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2216. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2217. Mr. ALEXANDER (for Mr. P
AUL) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2218. Mr. ALEXANDER (for Mr. P AUL) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2219. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. 
BENNET ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2220. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2221. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2222. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and 
Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2223. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and 
Mr. R EED) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY6.018 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5012 July 13, 2015 
submitted by Mr. A LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2224. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. 
BENNET ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2225. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2226. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2227. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2228. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. B
AR-
RASSO , Ms. H EITKAMP , and Mr. H EINRICH ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2215. Mr. REID (for Mr. N ELSON ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to 
reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 373, strike line 22 and 
all that follows through page 374, line 3, and insert the following: in the State; 
‘‘(C) information on student exposure to 
and retention in science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics fields, including among low-income and underrepresented groups, which may include results from a pre-existing analysis; and 
‘‘(D) an analysis of the quality of pre-serv-
ice preparation at all public institutions of higher education (including alternative pathways to teacher licensure or certifi-cation) for individuals preparing to teach science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics subjects in the State. 
On page 381, between lines 18 and 19, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(vi) partner with current or recently re-
tired science, technology, engineering, and mathematics professionals, such as Federal employees, to engage students and teachers in instruction in such subjects; 
‘‘(vii) tailor and integrate educational re-
sources developed by Federal agencies to im-prove student achievement in science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics; 
SA 2216. Mrs. GILLIBRAND sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to 
reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 385, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: ‘‘SEC. 2508. REPORT ON CYBERSECURITY EDU-
CATION. 
‘‘Not later than June 1, 2016, the Secretary, 
acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, a report describing whether secondary and postsecondary education pro-grams are meeting the need of public and private sectors for cyberdefense. Such report shall include— 
‘‘(1) an assessment of the shortfalls in cur-
rent secondary and postsecondary education needed to develop cybersecurity profes-sionals, and recommendations to address such shortfalls; 
‘‘(2) an assessment of successful secondary 
and postsecondary programs that produce competent cybersecurity professionals; and 
‘‘(3) recommendations of subjects to be 
covered by elementary schools and sec-ondary schools to better prepare students for postsecondary cybersecurity education.’’. 
SA 2217. Mr. ALEXANDER (for Mr. 
PAUL) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike line 18 on page 36 and all that fol-
lows through line 5 on page 44 and insert the following: 
‘‘(2) S
TATE -DESIGNED ACADEMIC ASSESSMENT  
SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall 
provide an assurance that the State edu-cational agency, in consultation with local educational agencies, has implemented a State-designed academic assessment system that— 
‘‘(i) includes, at a minimum, academic as-
sessments in mathematics, reading or lan-guage arts, and science; and 
‘‘(ii) meets the requirements of subpara-
graph (B). 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The assessment sys-
tem under subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) be aligned with the challenging State 
academic standards, and provide coherent and timely information about student at-tainment of such standards; 
‘‘(ii) be used for purposes for which such 
assessments are valid and reliable, be of ade-quate technical quality for each purpose re-quired under this Act, be consistent with rel-evant, nationally recognized professional and technical standards, and not evaluate or assess personal or family beliefs or attitudes; 
‘‘(iii) involve multiple measures of student 
academic achievement, which may include measures of student academic growth; 
‘‘(iv) provide for— ‘‘(I) the participation in such assessments 
of all students; 
‘‘(II) the reasonable adaptations and ac-
commodations for children with disabilities (as defined in section 602(3) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act) necessary to measure the academic achievement of such children relative to the challenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(III) alternate assessments aligned with 
grade-level academic standards, unless the State develops alternate assessments aligned with alternate academic standards, con-sistent with subparagraph (F), for students with the most significant cognitive disabil-ities; and ‘‘(IV) the inclusion of children who are 
English learners, who shall be assessed in a valid and reliable manner and provided rea-sonable accommodations on assessments ad-ministered to such students under this para-graph, including, to the extent practicable, assessments in the language and form most likely to yield accurate data on what such students know and can do in academic con-tent areas, until such students have achieved English language proficiency, as determined pursuant to the English language proficiency standards described in paragraph (1)(F); 
‘‘(v) notwithstanding clause (iv)(IV), pro-
vide for assessments (using tests in English) of reading or language arts of any student 
who has attended school in the United States (not including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico) for 3 or more consecutive school years, except that if the local educational agency determines, on a case-by-case individual basis, that assessments in another language or form would likely yield more accurate and reliable information on what such stu-dent knows and can do, the local educational agency may make a determination to assess such student in the appropriate language other than English for a period that does not exceed 2 additional consecutive years, pro-vided that such student has not yet reached a level of English language proficiency suffi-cient to yield valid and reliable information on what such student knows and can do on tests (written in English) of reading or lan-guage arts; 
‘‘(vi) produce individual student interpre-
tive, descriptive, and diagnostic reports, con-sistent with clause (ii), that allow parents, teachers, and principals or other school lead-ers to understand and address the specific academic needs of students, and include in-formation regarding achievement on assess-ments, and that are provided to parents, teachers, and principals or other school lead-ers in a timely manner after the assessment is given, in an understandable and uniform format; 
‘‘(vii) enable results to be disaggregated 
within each State, local educational agency, and school, by— 
‘‘(I) each major racial and ethnic group; ‘‘(II) economically disadvantaged students 
as compared to students who are not eco-nomically disadvantaged; 
‘‘(III) students with disabilities as com-
pared to nondisabled students; 
‘‘(IV) English proficiency status; ‘‘(V) gender; and ‘‘(VI) migrant status; and ‘‘(viii) produce, at a minimum, annual stu-
dent achievement data in mathematics and reading or language arts that is valid, reli-able, of adequate technical quality, and com-parable among all local educational agencies within the State and that will be used in the State accountability system under para-graph (3) and to meet reporting requirements under subsection (d). 
‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION TO DISAGGREGATION .—Not-
withstanding subparagraph (B)(vii), the disaggregated results of assessments shall not be required if— 
‘‘(i) the number of students in a category 
described under subparagraph (B)(vii) is in-sufficient to yield statistically reliable infor-mation; or 
‘‘(ii) the results would reveal personally 
identifiable information about an individual student. 
‘‘(D) S
TATE -DESIGNED SYSTEM .—Each State 
plan shall provide a description of its State- designed assessment system, which may in-clude— 
‘‘(i) yearly academic assessments of all 
students against the challenging State aca-demic standards in the subjects required 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY6.019 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5013 July 13, 2015 
under subparagraph (A)(i) and any other sub-
jects as determined by the State, that are administered— 
‘‘(I) in each of grades 3 through 8; and ‘‘(II) at least once in grades 9 through 12; ‘‘(ii) grade-span academic assessments of 
all students against the challenging State academic standards in the subjects required under subparagraph (A)(i) and any other sub-jects as determined by the State, that are administered at least once in— 
‘‘(I) grades 3 through 5; ‘‘(II) grades 6 through 9; and ‘‘(III) grades 10 through 12; ‘‘(iii) a combination of yearly academic as-
sessments described in clause (i) and grade- span academic assessments described in clause (ii) of all students against the chal-lenging State academic standards in the sub-jects required under subparagraph (A)(i) and any other subjects as determined by the State; 
‘‘(iv) performance-based academic assess-
ments of all students that may be used in a competency-based education model that em-phasizes mastery of standards and aligned competencies; 
‘‘(v) formative assessments of all students 
that may be used to inform teaching and learning; 
‘‘(vi) multiple statewide assessments dur-
ing the course of the year that can provide a summative score of individual student aca-demic growth; or 
‘‘(vii) any other system of assessments of 
all students that meets the requirements of subparagraph (B) and the State determines is appropriate to meet the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(E) C
OMPARABLE DATA DESCRIPTION .—Each 
State shall describe how the annual student achievement data produced, at a minimum, in mathematics and reading or language arts under the assessment system described in this paragraph is valid, reliable, of high- technical quality, and comparable among all local educational agencies within the State.’’. 
On page 58, strike lines 16 through 25. 
SA 2218. Mr. ALEXANDER (for Mr. 
PAUL) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 58, lines 24 and 25, strike ‘‘deter-
minations.’’ and insert ‘‘determinations, ex-cept that a State shall allow the parent of a student to opt such student out of an assess-ment required under this paragraph for any reason or no reason at all and shall not in-clude such student in calculating the rate of participation under this clause.’’. 
SA 2219. Mr. BURR (for himself and 
Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike sections 1009, 1010, and 1011 and in-
sert the following: 
SEC. 1009. ALLOCATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart 2 of part A of 
title I (20 U.S.C. 6331 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) by striking sections 1122, 1124A, 1125, 
1125AA, and 1125A; (2) by redesignating section 1121 as section 
1122; 
(3) by redesignating section 1124 as section 
1121, and transferring such section so as to precede section 1122 (as redesignated by para-graph (2)); 
(4) in section 1121, as redesignated and 
transferred by paragraph (3)— 
(A) by striking the section heading and all 
that follows through ‘‘(c) C
HILDREN TOBE 
COUNTED .—’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1121. DEFINITIONS; CHILDREN TO BE 
COUNTED. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this subpart: 
‘‘(1) S TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘(2) H
IGH POVERTY PERCENTAGE LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCY .—The term ‘high poverty 
percentage local educational agency’ means a local educational agency for which the number of children determined under sub-section (b) for a fiscal year is 20 percent or more of the total population aged 5 to 17, in-clusive, of the local educational agency for such fiscal year. 
‘‘(b) C
HILDREN TO BECOUNTED .—For pur-
poses of section 1123, the number of children to be counted shall be determined in accord-ance with the following:’’; and 
(B) by striking subsection (d); (5) in section 1122(b)(3)(C)(ii), as redesig-
nated by paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘chal-lenging State academic content standards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic standards’’; 
(6) by inserting after section 1122, as redes-
ignated by paragraph (2), the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1123. EQUITY GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—From funds appro-
priated under section 1002(a) for a fiscal year and not reserved under section 1122, the Sec-retary is authorized to make grants to States, from allotments under subsection (b), to carry out the programs and activities of this part. 
‘‘(b) D
ISTRIBUTION BASED UPONCONCENTRA -
TIONS OF POVERTY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraphs (B) and (C), funds appro-priated pursuant to subsection (a) for a fiscal year shall be allotted to each State based upon the number of children counted under section 1121(b) in such State multiplied by the product of— 
‘‘(i) 40 percent of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure in the United States (other than the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico); multi-plied by 
‘‘(ii) 1.30 minus such State’s equity factor 
described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) P
UERTO RICO .—For each fiscal year, 
the Secretary shall allot to the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico an amount of the funds appropriated under subsection (a) that bears the same relation to the total amount of funds appropriated under such subsection as the amount that the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico received under this subpart for fiscal year 2015 bears to the total amount re-ceived by all States for such fiscal year. 
‘‘(C) S
TATE MINIMUM .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of this section, from the total amount available for any fiscal year to carry out this section, each State (except for Puerto Rico) shall be allotted at least the lesser of— 
‘‘(i) 0.35 percent of the total amount avail-
able to carry out this section for such fiscal year; or 
‘‘(ii) the average of— ‘‘(I) 0.35 percent of such total amount for 
such fiscal year; and 
‘‘(II) 150 percent of the national average 
grant under this section per child described in section 1121(b), without application of a weighting factor, multiplied by the State’s 
total number of children described in section 1121(b), without application of a weighting factor. 
‘‘(2) E
QUITY FACTOR .— 
‘‘(A) D ETERMINATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall deter-mine the equity factor under this section for each State in accordance with clause (ii). 
‘‘(ii) C
OMPUTATION .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—For each State, the Sec-
retary shall compute a weighted coefficient of variation for the per-pupil expenditures of local educational agencies in accordance with subclauses (II), (III), and (IV). 
‘‘(II) V
ARIATION .—In computing coeffi-
cients of variation, the Secretary shall weigh the variation between per-pupil expenditures in each local educational agency and the av-erage per-pupil expenditures in the State ac-cording to the number of pupils served by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(III) N
UMBER OF PUPILS .—In determining 
the number of pupils under this paragraph served by each local educational agency and in each State, the Secretary shall multiply the number of children counted under sec-tion 1121(b) by a factor of 1.4. 
‘‘(IV) E
NROLLMENT REQUIREMENT .—In com-
puting coefficients of variation, the Sec-retary shall include only those local edu-cational agencies with an enrollment of more than 200 students. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—The equity factor for 
a State that meets the disparity standard de-scribed in section 222.162 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations (as such section was in effect on the day preceding the date of enact-ment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001) or a State with only one local educational agency shall be not greater than 0.10. 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS ; ELIGIBILITY OF LOCAL  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—All funds awarded 
to each State under this section shall be al-located to local educational agencies under the following provisions: 
‘‘(1) D
ISTRIBUTION WITHIN LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCIES .—Within local edu-
cational agencies, funds allocated under this section shall be distributed to schools on a basis consistent with section 1113, and may only be used to carry out activities under this part. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY FOR GRANT .—A local edu-
cational agency in a State is eligible to re-ceive a grant under this section for any fis-cal year if— 
‘‘(A) the number of children in the local 
educational agency counted under section 1121(b), before application of the weighted child count described in subsection (d), is at least 10; and 
‘‘(B) if the number of children counted for 
grants under section 1121(b), before applica-tion of the weighted child count described in subsection (d), is at least 5 percent of the total number of children aged 5 to 17 years, inclusive, in the school district of the local educational agency. 
‘‘(d) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS TO ELIGIBLE  
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Funds received by States 
under this section for a fiscal year shall be allocated within States to eligible local edu-cational agencies on the basis of weighted child counts calculated in accordance with paragraph (2), (3), or (4), as appropriate for each State. 
‘‘(2) S
TATES WITH AN EQUITY FACTOR LESS  
THAN .10.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In States with an equity 
factor less than .10, the weighted child counts referred to in paragraph (1) for a fis-cal year shall be the larger of the two amounts determined under subparagraphs (B) and (C). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY6.023 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5014 July 13, 2015 
‘‘(B) B Y PERCENTAGE OF CHILDREN .—The 
amount referred to in subparagraph (A) is de-termined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1121(b) for that local edu-cational agency who constitute not more than 17.27 percent, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 17.27 percent, but not more than 23.48 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 1.75; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 23.48 percent, but not more than 29.11 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 2.5; 
‘‘(iv) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 29.11 percent, but not more than 36.10 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 3.25; and 
‘‘(v) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 36.10 percent of such popu-lation, multiplied by 4.0. 
‘‘(C) B
Y NUMBER OF CHILDREN .—The amount 
referred to in subparagraph (A) is determined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1121(b) who constitute not more than 834, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children between 
835 and 2,629, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 1.5; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children between 
2,630 and 7,668, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 2.0; and 
‘‘(iv)(I) in the case of an agency that is not 
a high poverty percentage local educational agency, the number of such children in ex-cess of 7,668 in such population, multiplied by 2.0; or 
‘‘(II) in the case of a high poverty percent-
age local educational agency— 
‘‘(aa) the number of such children between 
7,669 and 26,412, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 2.5; and 
‘‘(bb) the number of such children in excess 
of 26,412 in such population, multiplied by 3.0. 
‘‘(3) S
TATES WITH AN EQUITY FACTOR GREAT -
ER THAN OR EQUAL TO .10 AND LESS THAN .20.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In States with an equity 
factor greater than or equal to .10 and less than .20, the weighted child counts referred to in paragraph (1) for a fiscal year shall be the larger of the two amounts determined under subparagraphs (B) and (C). 
‘‘(B) B
Y PERCENTAGE OF CHILDREN .—The 
amount referred to in subparagraph (A) is de-
termined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1121(b) for that local edu-cational agency who constitute not more than 17.27 percent, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 17.27 percent, but not more than 23.48 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 1.5; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 23.48 percent, but not more than 29.11 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 3.0; 
‘‘(iv) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 29.11 percent, but not more than 36.10 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 4.5; and 
‘‘(v) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 36.10 percent of such popu-lation, multiplied by 6.0. 
‘‘(C) B
Y NUMBER OF CHILDREN .—The amount 
referred to in subparagraph (A) is determined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1121(b) who constitute not more than 834, inclusive, of the agency’s 
total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children between 
835 and 2,629, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 1.5; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children between 
2,630 and 7,668, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 2.25; and 
‘‘(iv)(I) in the case of an agency that is not 
a high poverty percentage local educational agency, the number of such children in ex-cess of 7,668 in such population, multiplied by 2.25; or 
‘‘(II) in the case of a high poverty percent-
age local educational agency— 
‘‘(aa) the number of such children between 
7,669 and 26,412, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 3.375; and 
‘‘(bb) the number of such children in excess 
of 26,412 in such population, multiplied by 4.5. 
‘‘(4) S
TATES WITH AN EQUITY FACTOR GREAT -
ER THAN OR EQUAL TO .20.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In States with an equity 
factor greater than or equal to .20, the weighted child counts referred to in para-graph (1) for a fiscal year shall be the larger of the two amounts determined under sub-paragraphs (B) and (C). 
‘‘(B) B
Y PERCENTAGE OF CHILDREN .—The 
amount referred to in subparagraph (A) is de-termined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1121(b) for that local edu-cational agency who constitute not more than 17.27 percent, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 17.27 percent, but not more than 23.48 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 2.0; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 23.48 percent, but not more than 29.11 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 4.0; 
‘‘(iv) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 29.11 percent, but not more than 36.10 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 6.0; and 
‘‘(v) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 36.10 percent of such popu-
lation, multiplied by 8.0. 
‘‘(C) B
Y NUMBER OF CHILDREN .—The amount 
referred to in subparagraph (A) is determined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1121(b) who constitute not more than 834, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children between 
835 and 2,629, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 2.0; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children between 
2,630 and 7,668, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 3.0; and 
‘‘(iv)(I) in the case of an agency that is not 
a high poverty percentage local educational agency, the number of such children in ex-cess of 7,668 in such population, multiplied by 3.0; or 
‘‘(II) in the case of a high poverty percent-
age local educational agency— 
‘‘(aa) the number of such children between 
7,669 and 26,412, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 4.5; and 
‘‘(bb) the number of such children in excess 
of 26,412 in such population, multiplied by 6.0. 
‘‘(e) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State is entitled to re-
ceive its full allotment of funds under this section for any fiscal year if the Secretary finds that the State’s fiscal effort per stu-dent or the aggregate expenditures of the State with respect to the provision of free public education by the State for the pre-
ceding fiscal year was not less than 90 per-cent of the fiscal effort or aggregate expendi-tures for the second preceding fiscal year, subject to the requirements of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) R
EDUCTION IN CASE OF FAILURE TO  
MEET .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
duce the amount of the allotment of funds under this section in any fiscal year in the exact proportion by which a State fails to meet the requirement of paragraph (1) by falling below 90 percent of both the fiscal ef-fort per student and aggregate expenditures (using the measure most favorable to the State), if such State has also failed to meet such requirement (as determined using the measure most favorable to the State) for 1 or more of the 5 immediately preceding fiscal years. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—No such lesser amount 
shall be used for computing the effort re-quired under paragraph (1) for subsequent years. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirements of this subsection if the Secretary determines that a waiver would be equitable due to— 
‘‘(A) exceptional or uncontrollable cir-
cumstances, such as a natural disaster or a change in the organizational structure of the State; or 
‘‘(B) a precipitous decline in the financial 
resources of the State. 
‘‘(f) A
DJUSTMENTS WHERE NECESSITATED BY  
APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the sums available 
under this section for any fiscal year are in-sufficient to pay the full amounts that all local educational agencies in States are eli-gible to receive under this section for such year, the Secretary shall ratably reduce the allocations to such local educational agen-cies, subject to paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL FUNDS .—If additional 
funds become available for making payments under this section for such fiscal year, allo-cations that were reduced under paragraph (1) shall be increased on the same basis as they were reduced. 
‘‘(3) H
OLD HARMLESS AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, if 
sufficient funds are available, the amount made available to each local educational agency under this section shall be— 
‘‘(i) not less than 95 percent of the amount 
made available for the preceding fiscal year if the number of children counted under sec-tion 1121(b) is equal to or more than 30 per-cent of the total number of children aged 5 to 17 years, inclusive, in the local edu-cational agency; 
‘‘(ii) not less than 90 percent of the amount 
made available for the preceding fiscal year if the percentage described in clause (i) is less than 30 percent and equal to or more than 15 percent; and 
‘‘(iii) not less than 85 percent of the 
amount made available for the preceding fis-cal year if the percentage described in clause (i) is less than 15 percent. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL TRANSITION RULE .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of this sub-section, for the first fiscal year after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, subparagraph (A) shall apply based on the amounts received under sections 1124, 1124A, 1125, and 1125A, as in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. 
‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL FLEXIBILITY .—Notwith-
standing subparagraph (A) or subsection (d), for each fiscal year, a State may elect to make allocations for all local educational agencies in the State in accordance with 1 of the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY6.025 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5015 July 13, 2015 
‘‘(i) A LLOCATIONS BASED ON 2015 FUNDING .— 
If, for a fiscal year, the State receives an al-lotment under this section in an amount that exceeds the sum of the allocations for all local educational agencies in the State under this subpart for fiscal year 2015, as such subpart was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, the State may elect to make an allocation to each local educational agency in the State that would otherwise re-ceive an allocation that is less than the allo-cation received under this subpart by the local educational agency for 2015 (including each local educational agency not otherwise eligible for such allocation under subsection (c) or (d)) in an amount that— 
‘‘(I) exceeds the allocation the local edu-
cational agency would receive under sub-section (d); and 
‘‘(II) is not more than the amount of the 
allocation for the local educational agency under this subpart for fiscal year 2015. 
‘‘(ii) A
LLOCATIONS BASED ON FUNDS FOR SEC -
TIONS 1122 , 1124, 1124A, 1125, AND 1125A .—If, for a 
fiscal year, a State receives an allotment under this section in an amount that exceeds the sum of the allocations that all local edu-cational agencies in the State would have re-ceived for such fiscal year under sections 1122, 1124, 1124A, 1125, and 1125A, as such sec-tions were in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, the State may elect to make allocations to each local educational agency in the State (including any local edu-cational agency not otherwise eligible for such allocation under subsection (c) or (d)), in an amount that equals the amount of the allocation that the local educational agency would have received for such year in accord-ance with sections 1122, 1124, 1124A, 1125, and 1125A, as in effect on the day before the date 
of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. 
‘‘(D) D
ISTRIBUTION OF ADDITIONAL FUNDS .— 
In any case where a State elects to allocate funds under this subpart for a fiscal year in accordance with clause (i) or (ii) of subpara-graph (C), the State shall allocate, in accord-ance with subsection (d), all funds in excess of the amounts necessary to carry out such clause to the local educational agencies in the State that would receive a greater amount of such funds under subsection (d) than received under such clause. 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary shall not take into consideration the hold-harm-less provisions of this subsection for any fis-cal year for purposes of calculating State or local allocations for the fiscal year under any program administered by the Secretary other than a program authorized under this part.’’; 
(7) by redesignating sections 1126 and 1127 
as sections 1124 and 1125, respectively; 
(8) in section 1124, as redesignated by para-
graph (7)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘sections 1124, 1124A, 1125, 
and 1125A’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘section 1123’’; and 
(B) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 1124(c)(1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1121(b)(1)(B)’’. 
SA 2220. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 616 strike line 6 and all that fol-
lows through line 24. SA 2221. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 628, strike line 24 and 
all that follows through page 629, line 24. 
SA 2222. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself 
and Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 69, between lines 16 and 17, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(N) if applicable, how the State edu-
cational agency will provide support to local educational agencies for the education of children facing substance abuse in the home, which may include how such agency will pro-vide professional development, training, and technical assistance to local educational agencies, elementary schools, and secondary schools in communities with high rates of substance abuse; and’’. 
SA 2223. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself 
and Mr. R EED) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 343, line 17, by inserting ‘‘econom-
ics,’’ before ‘‘and geography’’. 
On page 344, line 5, by inserting ‘‘econom-
ics,’’ before ‘‘and geography’’. 
On page 344, line 18, by inserting ‘‘econom-
ics,’’ before ‘‘and geography’’. 
On page 345, line 23, by striking ‘‘geog-
raphy, and civics’’ and inserting ‘‘civics, eco-nomics, and geography’’. 
SA 2224. Mr. BOOKER (for himself 
and Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 306, after line 23, add the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(V) regularly conducting, and publicly re-
porting the results of, an assessment and a plan to address such results, of educator sup-port and working conditions that— 
‘‘(i) evaluates supports for teachers, lead-
ers, and other school personnel, such as— 
‘‘(I) teacher and principal perceptions of 
availability of high-quality professional de-velopment and instructional materials; 
‘‘(II) timely availability of data on student 
academic achievement and growth; 
‘‘(III) the presence of high-quality instruc-
tional leadership; and 
‘‘(IV) opportunities for professional 
growth, such as career ladders and men-toring and induction programs; ‘‘(ii) evaluates working conditions for 
teachers, leaders and other school personnel, such as— 
‘‘(I) school safety and climate; ‘‘(II) availability and use of common plan-
ning time and opportunities to collaborate; and 
‘‘(III) community engagement; and ‘‘(iii) is developed with teachers, leaders, 
other school personnel, parents, students, and the community; and 
SA 2225. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 111, between lines 24 and 25, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(2) T ESTING TRANSPARENCY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), each local educational agency that re-ceives funds under this part shall make wide-ly available through public means (including by posting in a clear and easily accessible manner on the local educational agency’s website and, where practicable, on the website of each school served by the local educational agency) for each grade served by the local educational agency, information on each assessment required by the State to comply with section 1111, other assessments required by the State, and where such infor-mation is available and feasible to report, assessments required districtwide by the local educational agency, including— 
‘‘(i) the subject matter assessed; ‘‘(ii) the purpose for which the assessment 
is designed and used; 
‘‘(iii) the source of the requirement for the 
assessment; and 
‘‘(iv) where such information is available— ‘‘(I) the amount of time students will spend 
taking the assessment, and the schedule and calendar for the assessment; and 
‘‘(II) the time and format for disseminating 
results. 
‘‘(B) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY THAT DOES  
NOT OPERATE A WEBSITE .—In the case of a 
local educational agency that does not oper-ate a website, such local educational agency shall determine how to make the informa-tion described in subparagraph (A) widely available, such as through distribution of that information to the media, through pub-lic agencies, or directly to parents. 
SA 2226. Mr. TESTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4006. INCREASING THE NUMBER OF SCHOOL 
NURSES. 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), as amended 
by sections 4001, 4004, and 4005 is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART E—SCHOOL NURSES 
‘‘SEC. 4501. INCREASING THE NUMBER OF 
SCHOOL NURSES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A CUITY .—The term ‘acuity’, when used 
with respect to a level, means the level of a patient’s sickness, such as a chronic condi-tion, which influences the need for nursing care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY6.025 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5016 July 13, 2015 
‘‘(2) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency in which 
not less than 20 percent of the children are eligible to participate in the school lunch program established under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); or 
‘‘(B) a consortium of local educational 
agencies described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(3) H
IGH-NEED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CY.—The term ‘high-need local educational 
agency’ has the meaning given such term in section 2002(b)(2). 
‘‘(4) N
URSE .—The term ‘nurse’ means a reg-
istered nurse, as defined under State law. 
‘‘(5) W ORKLOAD .—The term ‘workload’, 
when used with respect to a nurse, means the amount of time the nurse takes to provide care and complete the other tasks for which the nurse is responsible. 
‘‘(b) D
EMONSTRATION GRANT PROGRAM AU-
THORIZED .—From amounts appropriated to 
carry out this section, the Secretary of Edu-cation, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention, shall award demonstration grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities to pay the Federal share of the costs of increas-ing the number of school nurses in the public elementary schools and secondary schools served by the eligible entity, which may in-clude hiring a school nurse to serve schools in multiple school districts. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity desir-
ing a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) shall include in-formation with respect to the current (as of the date of application) number of school nurses, student health acuity levels, and workload of school nurses in each of the pub-lic elementary schools and secondary schools served by the eligible entity. 
‘‘(d) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to each application submitted by an el-igible entity that— 
‘‘(1) is a high-need local educational agen-
cy or a consortium composed of high-need local educational agencies; and 
‘‘(2) demonstrates— ‘‘(A) the greatest need for new or addi-
tional nursing services among students in the public elementary schools and secondary schools served by the agency or consortium; or 
‘‘(B) that the eligible entity does not have 
a school nurse in any of the public elemen-tary schools and secondary schools served by the eligible entity. 
‘‘(e) F
EDERAL SHARE ; N ON-FEDERAL  
SHARE .— 
‘‘(1) F EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
a grant under this section— 
‘‘(A) shall not exceed 75 percent for each 
year of the grant; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of a multi-year grant, 
shall decrease for each succeeding year of the grant, in order to ensure the continuity of the increased hiring level of school nurses using State or local sources of funding fol-lowing the conclusion of the grant. 
‘‘(2) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal 
share of a grant under this section may be in cash or in-kind, and may be provided from State resources, local resources, contribu-tions from private organizations, or a com-bination thereof. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive or 
reduce the non-Federal share of an eligible entity receiving a grant under this section if the eligible entity demonstrates an eco-
nomic hardship. 
‘‘(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date on which a grant is first made to a local educational agency under this section, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port on the results of the demonstration grant program carried out under this sec-tion, including an evaluation of— 
‘‘(1) the effectiveness of the program in in-
creasing the number of school nurses; and 
‘‘(2) the impact of any resulting enhanced 
health of students on learning, such as aca-demic achievement, attendance, and class-room time. 
‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
SA 2227. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 10202. EDUCATION FLEXIBILITY PARTNER-
SHIP ACT OF 1999 REAUTHORIZA-TION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 3 of the Edu-
cation Flexibility Partnership Act of 1999 (20 U.S.C. 5891a) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘L
OCAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘E DUCATIONAL SERV -
ICE AGENCY ; LOCAL ’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘The terms’’ and inserting 
‘‘The terms ‘educational service agency’,’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
1113(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1113(a)(1)(B)’’. 
(b) G
ENERAL PROVISIONS .—Section 4 of the 
Education Flexibility Partnership Act of 1999 (20 U.S.C. 5891b) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 4. EDUCATION FLEXIBILITY PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E DUCATIONAL FLEXIBILITY PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may 
carry out an educational flexibility program under which the Secretary authorizes a State educational agency that serves an eli-gible State to waive statutory or regulatory requirements applicable to one or more pro-grams described in subsection (b), other than requirements described in subsection (c), for any local educational agency, educational service agency, or school within the State. 
‘‘(B) D
ESIGNATION .—Each eligible State 
participating in the program described in subparagraph (A) shall be known as an ‘Ed- Flex Partnership State’. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE STATE .—For the purpose of 
this section, the term ‘eligible State’ means a State that— 
‘‘(A) has— ‘‘(i) developed and implemented the chal-
lenging State academic standards, and aligned assessments, described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 1111(b) of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, and is producing the report cards required by section 1111(d)(2) of such Act; or 
‘‘(ii) if the State has adopted new chal-
lenging State academic standards under sec-tion 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965, as a result of the amendments made to such Act by the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, and has made substantial progress (as determined by the Secretary) toward developing and imple-
menting such standards and toward pro-ducing the report cards required under sec-tion 1111(d)(2) of such Act; 
‘‘(B) will hold local educational agencies, 
educational service agencies, and schools ac-countable for meeting the educational goals described in the local applications submitted under paragraph (4) and for engaging in tech-nical assistance and, as applicable and ap-propriate, intervention and support strate-gies consistent with section 1114 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, for the schools that are identified as in need of intervention and support as described in section 1111(b)(3) of such Act; and 
‘‘(C) waives State statutory or regulatory 
requirements relating to education while holding local educational agencies, edu-cational service agencies, or schools within the State that are affected by such waivers accountable for the performance of the stu-dents who are affected by such waivers. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE APPLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency desiring to participate in the edu-cational flexibility program under this sec-tion shall submit an application to the Sec-retary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may reasonably require. Each such application shall demonstrate that the eligi-ble State has adopted an educational flexi-bility plan for the State that includes— 
‘‘(i) a description of the process the State 
educational agency will use to evaluate ap-plications from local educational agencies, educational service agencies, or schools re-questing waivers of— 
‘‘(I) Federal statutory or regulatory re-
quirements as described in paragraph (1)(A); and 
‘‘(II) State statutory or regulatory require-
ments relating to education; 
‘‘(ii) a detailed description of the State 
statutory and regulatory requirements relat-ing to education that the State educational agency will waive; 
‘‘(iii) a description of clear educational ob-
jectives the State intends to meet under the educational flexibility plan, which may in-clude innovative methods to leverage re-sources to improve program efficiencies that benefit students; 
‘‘(iv) a description of how the educational 
flexibility plan is coordinated with activities described in section 1111(b) of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and section 1114 of such Act; 
‘‘(v) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency will evaluate (consistent with the requirements of title I of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965), the performance of students in the schools, educational service agencies, and local educational agencies affected by the waivers; and 
‘‘(vi) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency will meet the requirements of paragraph (7). 
‘‘(B) A
PPROVAL AND CONSIDERATIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—By not later than 90 days 
after the date on which a State has sub-mitted an application described in subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall issue a written decision that explains why such application has been approved or disapproved, and the process for revising and resubmitting the ap-plication for reconsideration. 
‘‘(ii) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary may ap-
prove an application described in subpara-graph (A) only if the Secretary determines 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY6.026 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5017 July 13, 2015 
that such application demonstrates substan-
tial promise of assisting the State edu-cational agency and affected local edu-cational agencies, educational service agen-cies, and schools within the State in car-rying out comprehensive educational reform, after considering— 
‘‘(I) the eligibility of the State as described 
in paragraph (2); 
‘‘(II) the comprehensiveness and quality of 
the educational flexibility plan described in subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(III) the ability of the educational flexi-
bility plan to ensure accountability for the activities and goals described in such plan; 
‘‘(IV) the degree to which the State’s ob-
jectives described in subparagraph (A)(iii)— 
‘‘(aa) are clear and have the ability to be 
assessed; and 
‘‘(bb) take into account the performance of 
local educational agencies, educational serv-
ice agencies, or schools, and students, par-ticularly those affected by waivers; 
‘‘(V) the significance of the State statu-
tory or regulatory requirements relating to education that will be waived; and 
‘‘(VI) the quality of the State educational 
agency’s process for approving applications for waivers of Federal statutory or regu-latory requirements as described in para-graph (1)(A) and for monitoring and evalu-ating the results of such waivers. 
‘‘(4) L
OCAL APPLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency, educational service agency, or school requesting a waiver of a Federal stat-utory or regulatory requirement as described in paragraph (1)(A) and any relevant State statutory or regulatory requirement from a State educational agency shall submit an ap-plication to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may reasonably require. Each such application shall— 
‘‘(i) indicate each Federal program affected 
and each statutory or regulatory require-ment that will be waived; 
‘‘(ii) describe the purposes and overall ex-
pected results of waiving each such require-ment, which may include innovative meth-ods to leverage resources to improve pro-gram efficiencies that benefit students; 
‘‘(iii) describe, for each school year, spe-
cific, measurable, educational goals for each local educational agency, educational serv-ice agency, or school affected by the pro-posed waiver, and for the students served by the local educational agency, educational service agency, or school who are affected by the waiver; 
‘‘(iv) explain why the waiver will assist the 
local educational agency, educational serv-ice agency, or school in reaching such goals; and 
‘‘(v) in the case of an application from a 
local educational agency or educational service agency, describe how the agency will meet the requirements of paragraph (7). 
‘‘(B) E
VALUATION OF APPLICATIONS .—A 
State educational agency shall evaluate an application submitted under subparagraph (A) in accordance with the State’s edu-cational flexibility plan described in para-graph (3)(A). 
‘‘(C) A
PPROVAL .—A State educational agen-
cy shall not approve an application for a waiver under this paragraph unless— 
‘‘(i) the local educational agency, edu-
cational service agency, or school requesting such waiver has developed a local reform plan that— 
‘‘(I) is applicable to such agency or school, 
respectively; and 
‘‘(II) may include innovative methods to 
leverage resources to improve program effi-ciencies that benefit students; ‘‘(ii) the waiver of Federal statutory or 
regulatory requirements as described in paragraph (1)(A) will assist the local edu-cational agency, educational service agency, or school in reaching its educational goals, particularly goals with respect to school and student performance; and 
‘‘(iii) the State educational agency is satis-
fied that the underlying purposes of the stat-utory requirements of each program for which a waiver is granted will continue to be met. 
‘‘(D) T
ERMINATION .—The State educational 
agency shall annually review the perform-ance of any local educational agency, edu-cational service agency, or school granted a waiver of Federal statutory or regulatory re-quirements as described in paragraph (1)(A) in accordance with the evaluation require-ment described in paragraph (3)(A)(v), and shall terminate or temporarily suspend any 
waiver granted to the local educational agency, educational service agency, or school if the State educational agency deter-mines, after notice and an opportunity for a hearing, that— 
‘‘(i) there is compelling evidence of sys-
tematic waste, fraud, or abuse; 
‘‘(ii) the performance of the local edu-
cational agency, educational service agency, or school with respect to meeting the ac-countability requirement described in para-graph (2)(C) and the goals described in para-graph (4)(A)(iii) has been inadequate to jus-tify continuation of such waiver; 
‘‘(iii) student achievement in the local edu-
cational agency, educational service agency, or school has decreased; or 
‘‘(iv) goals established by the State under 
section 1111(b)(3) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 have not been met. 
‘‘(5) O
VERSIGHT AND REPORTING .— 
‘‘(A) O VERSIGHT .—Each State educational 
agency participating in the educational flexibility program under this section shall annually monitor the activities of local edu-cational agencies, educational service agen-cies, and schools receiving waivers under this section. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE REPORTS .— 
‘‘(i) A NNUAL REPORTS .—The State edu-
cational agency shall submit to the Sec-retary an annual report on the results of such oversight and the impact of the waivers on school and student performance. 
‘‘(ii) P
ERFORMANCE DATA .—Not later than 2 
years after the date a State is designated an Ed-Flex Partnership State, each such State shall include, as part of the State’s annual report submitted under clause (i), data dem-onstrating the degree to which progress has been made toward meeting the State’s edu-cational objectives. The data, when applica-ble, shall include— 
‘‘(I) information on the total number of 
waivers granted for Federal and State statu-tory and regulatory requirements under this section, including the number of waivers granted for each type of waiver; 
‘‘(II) information describing the effect of 
the waivers on the implementation of State and local educational reforms pertaining to school and student performance; 
‘‘(III) information describing the relation-
ship of the waivers to the performance of schools and students affected by the waivers; and 
‘‘(IV) an assurance from State program 
managers that the data reported under this section are reliable, complete, and accurate, as defined by the State, or a description of a plan for improving the reliability, complete-ness, and accuracy of such data as defined by the State. 
‘‘(C) S
ECRETARY ’S REPORTS .—The Secretary 
shall annually— ‘‘(i) make each State report submitted 
under subparagraph (B) available to Congress and the public; and 
‘‘(ii) submit to Congress a report that sum-
marizes the State reports and describes the effects that the educational flexibility pro-gram under this section had on the imple-mentation of State and local educational re-forms and on the performance of students af-fected by the waivers. 
‘‘(6) D
URATION OF FEDERAL WAIVERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(i) D URATION .—The Secretary shall ap-
prove the application of a State educational agency under paragraph (3) for a period of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(ii) A
UTOMATIC EXTENSION DURING RE -
VIEW.—The Secretary shall automatically 
extend the authority of a State to continue as an Ed-Flex Partnership State until the Secretary has— 
‘‘(I) completed the performance review of 
the State educational agency’s education flexibility plan as described in subparagraph (B); and 
‘‘(II) issued a final decision of any pending 
request for renewal that was submitted by the State educational agency. 
‘‘(iii) E
XTENSION OF APPROVAL .—The Sec-
retary may extend the authority of a State to continue as an Ed-Flex Partnership State if the Secretary determines that the author-ity of the State educational agency to grant waivers— 
‘‘(I) has been effective in enabling such 
State or affected local educational agencies, educational service agencies, or schools to carry out their State or local reform plans and to continue to meet the accountability requirement described in paragraph (2)(C); and 
‘‘(II) has improved student performance. ‘‘(B) P
ERFORMANCE REVIEW .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Following the expiration 
of an approved educational flexibility pro-gram for a State that is designated an Ed- Flex Partnership State, the Secretary shall have not more than 180 days to complete a review of the performance of the State edu-cational agency in granting waivers of Fed-eral statutory or regulatory requirements as described in paragraph (1)(A) to determine if the State educational agency— 
‘‘(I) has achieved, or is making substantial 
progress towards achieving, the objectives described in the application submitted pur-suant to paragraph (3)(A)(iii) and the specific goals established in section 1111(b)(3) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; and 
‘‘(II) demonstrates that local educational 
agencies, educational service agencies, or schools affected by the waiver authority or waivers have achieved, or are making progress toward achieving, the desired re-sults described in the application submitted pursuant to paragraph (4)(A)(iii). 
‘‘(ii) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec-
retary shall terminate the authority of a State educational agency to grant waivers of Federal statutory or regulatory require-ments as described in paragraph (1)(A) if the Secretary determines, after providing the State educational agency with notice and an opportunity for a hearing, that such agency’s performance has been inadequate to justify continuation of such authority based on agency’s performance against specific goals in section 1111(b)(3) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
‘‘(C) R
ENEWAL .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency desiring to renew an approved edu-cational flexibility program under this sec-tion shall submit a request for renewal to the Secretary not later than the date of expi-ration of the approved educational flexibility program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY6.028 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5018 July 13, 2015 
‘‘(ii) T IMING FOR RENEWAL .—The Secretary 
shall either approve or deny the request for renewal by not later than 90 days after com-pleting the performance review of the State described in paragraph (6)(B). 
‘‘(iii) D
ETERMINATION .—In deciding whether 
to extend a request of a State educational agency for the authority to issue waivers under this section, the Secretary shall re-view the progress of the State educational agency to determine if the State educational agency— 
‘‘(I) has made progress toward achieving 
the objectives described in the State applica-tion submitted pursuant to paragraph (3)(A)(iii); and 
‘‘(II) demonstrates in the request that 
local educational agencies, educational serv-ice agencies, or schools affected by the waiv-er authority or waivers have made progress toward achieving the desired results de-scribed in the local application submitted pursuant to paragraph (4)(A)(iii). 
‘‘(D) T
ERMINATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ter-
minate or temporarily suspend the authority of a State educational agency to grant waiv-ers under this section if the Secretary deter-mines that— 
‘‘(I) there is compelling evidence of sys-
tematic waste, fraud or abuse; or 
‘‘(II) after notice and an opportunity for a 
hearing, such agency’s performance (includ-ing performance with respect to meeting the objectives described in paragraph (3)(A)(iii)) has been inadequate to justify continuation of such authority. 
‘‘(ii) L
IMITED COMPLIANCE PERIOD .—A State 
whose authority to grant such waivers has 
been terminated shall have not more than 1 additional fiscal year to come into compli-ance in order to seek renewal of the author-ity to grant waivers under this section. 
‘‘(7) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .—Each 
State educational agency seeking waiver au-thority under this section and each local educational agency, educational service agency, or school seeking a waiver under this section— 
‘‘(A) shall provide the public with adequate 
and efficient notice of the proposed waiver authority or waiver, consisting of a descrip-tion of the agency’s application for the pro-posed waiver authority or waiver on each agency’s website, including a description of any improved student performance that is expected to result from the waiver authority or waiver; 
‘‘(B) shall provide the opportunity for par-
ents, educators, school administrators, and all other interested members of the commu-nity to comment regarding the proposed waiver authority or waiver; 
‘‘(C) shall provide the opportunity de-
scribed in subparagraph (B) in accordance with any applicable State law specifying how the comments may be received, and how the comments may be reviewed by any member of the public; and 
‘‘(D) shall submit the comments received 
with the application of the agency or school to the Secretary or the State educational agency, as appropriate. 
‘‘(b) I
NCLUDED PROGRAMS .—The statutory 
or regulatory requirements referred to in subsection (a)(1)(A) are any such require-ments for programs that are authorized under the following provisions and under which the Secretary provides funds to State educational agencies on the basis of a for-mula: 
‘‘(1) The following provisions of the Ele-
mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965: 
‘‘(A) Part A of title I (other than sections 
1111 and 1114). 
‘‘(B) Part C of title I. ‘‘(C) Part D of title I. ‘‘(D) Part A of title II. 
‘‘(E) Part G of title V. ‘‘(2) Title VII of the McKinney-Vento 
Homeless Assistance Act. (42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.). 
‘‘(3) The Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-
nical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.). 
‘‘(c) W
AIVERS NOTAUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary and the State educational agency may not waive under subsection (a)(1)(A) any statutory or regulatory requirement— 
‘‘(1) relating to— ‘‘(A) maintenance of effort; ‘‘(B) comparability of services; ‘‘(C) equitable participation of students 
and professional staff in private schools; 
‘‘(D) parental participation and involve-
ment; 
‘‘(E) distribution of funds to States or to 
local educational agencies; 
‘‘(F) serving eligible school attendance 
areas in rank order under section 1113(a)(1)(C) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965; 
‘‘(G) the selection of a school attendance 
area or school under paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 1113(a) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965, except that a State educational agency may grant a waiv-er to allow a school attendance area or school to participate in activities under part A of title I of such Act if the percentage of children from low-income families in the school attendance area of such school or who attend such school is not less than 10 per-centage points below the lowest percentage of such children for any school attendance area or school of the local educational agen-cy that meets the requirements of such para-graphs (1) and (2); 
‘‘(H) use of Federal funds to supplement, 
not supplant, non-Federal funds; and 
‘‘(I) applicable civil rights requirements; 
and 
‘‘(2) unless the State educational agency 
can demonstrate that the underlying pur-poses of the statutory requirements of the program for which a waiver is granted con-tinue to be met to the satisfaction of the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) T
REATMENT OF EXISTING ED-FLEX  
PARTNERSHIP STATES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any designation of a 
State as an Ed-Flex Partnership State that was in effect on the date of enactment of this Act shall be immediately extended for a pe-riod of not more than 5 years, if the Sec-retary makes the determination described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION .—The determination 
referred to in paragraph (1) is a determina-tion that the performance of the State edu-cational agency, in carrying out the pro-grams for which the State has received a waiver under the educational flexibility pro-gram, justifies the extension of the designa-tion. 
‘‘(e) P
UBLICATION .—A notice of the Sec-
retary’s decision to authorize State edu-cational agencies to issue waivers under this section, including a description of the ra-tionale the Secretary used to approve appli-cations under subsection (a)(3)(B), shall be published in the Federal Register and the Secretary shall provide for the dissemina-tion of such notice to State educational agencies, interested parties (including edu-cators, parents, students, and advocacy and civil rights organizations), and the public.’’. 
SA 2228. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. 
BARRASSO , Ms. H EITKAMP , and Mr. 
HEINRICH ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VII of the amendment, 
add the following: 
SEC. 7 lll . ACCESS TO FEDERAL INSURANCE. 
Section 409 of the Indian Health Care Im-
provement Act (25 U.S.C. 1647b) is amended by inserting ‘‘or the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘(25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.)’’. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that Devon Brenner, an education fellow in Sen-ator C
OCHRAN ’s office, be granted floor 
privileges through May 31, 2016. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that Andrew Bronstein, an education fellow in my office, and Ethan Arenson, a Judiciary Committee detailee from the Depart-ment of Justice, be granted floor privi-leges for the remainder of this Con-gress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JULY 14, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, July 14; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of S. 1177; and finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly caucus meetings and that the filing deadline for first-degree amendments be at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator R
EID. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Tennessee. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
see that the majority leader has filed cloture on the bill, which I understand. We have had a chance to have a good discussion and a good debate. 
We are getting toward the end of the 
consideration of our bill to fix No Child 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY6.028 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5019 July 13, 2015 
Left Behind. We have a couple of issues 
that we need to resolve, but there are only a couple, and for a bill this com-plicated, that is pretty good. So it would be my hope that we could con-tinue on through the process, and the majority leader might even get to the point later in the week where he would be able to vitiate the cloture, and we could finish without a cloture vote. 
So far, so good. We have considered 
58 amendments in committee and adopted 29. We have considered 25 on the floor, adopted 8 by rollcall, 11 by voice, and we have dozens more that have been agreed to by Senator M
UR-
RAY and me and that we would rec-
ommend to the Senate that we com-plete. 
So it is my hope that Senators will 
allow us to have a consensus about this bill. As was said by Newsweek maga-zine last week, this is the Education bill that everybody wants fixed, and we are the ones who are supposed to fix it. So while there are some issues toward the end that are a little more difficult to resolve than others, I hope Senators will agree that people have had a chance to have their say on education issues and that we can go on to the other important issues facing the coun-try. 
I thank the Republican leader for 
giving us an opportunity to put this on the floor. I thank the Democratic lead-er for allowing us to move to the floor without delay. I hope we can continue over the next couple of days and finish the bill this week and get on to other important issues. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FILING CLOTURE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, it is obvi-
ous that the Republican leader has cer-tainly changed his view on filing clo-
ture. 
There was a time on several occa-
sions when the Republican leader be-moaned what he called ‘‘a quick trigger on the cloture motion.’’ That is a quote. There was a time—that was in 2012, 2013—when the Republican leader called filing cloture ‘‘heavy-handed be-havior.’’ 
Now, keep in mind the backdrop of 
all of this. For 4 years, the Republicans simply wouldn’t let us move to any-thing. We couldn’t offer—they refused to allow bills to come up. We never even got on the bills. We would file a motion to get on a bill; they would ob-ject to that. 
We have a different world now in the 
7 months that we have been under the direction of the Republican leader, the senior Senator from Kentucky. We have been working in good faith to try to get things to move along—specifi-cally this bill, the elementary and sec-ondary education bill. There is no sign of a filibuster that I am aware of, at least on our side. 
There are still a number of major 
amendments that need to be addressed. Senators M
URPHY , B OOKER , W ARNER , 
and others have an amendment on ac-countability for the lowest performing schools. They have worked hard on this. We have Senator F
RANKEN , who is 
very passionate, on an amendment to protect LGBT students from discrimi-nation. Senator M
ARKEY has an amend-
ment that provides grants to allow schools to teach climate science. Sen-ator C
ASEY has an amendment to ex-
pand and improve early education, par-ticularly for 3- and 4-year-olds. These are important amendments dealing with education. There are others, but these are a few that I mentioned. 
So to have the Republican leader 
come to the floor and file cloture when we have just had a few amendments— he can come out and talk about all the votes we have had, but they have been on nothing amendments. They could have been accepted really. We didn’t even need votes on them. We have had virtually no serious amendments, and now, all of a sudden, the Republican leader has changed totally, I guess, his philosophy on how to legislate by filing 
cloture very early. I am very dis-appointed in this, but it speaks vol-umes about how this Senate is being run by this Republican majority. 
It is appropriate to file cloture when 
the shoe is on the other foot, I guess, except the difference is that we never had a chance to get on the legislation. This is a perfect example of this. We didn’t need to have a vote on a motion to get on a bill. We just said: OK, go ahead and move to it. 
So I am really surprised, quite frank-
ly, but that is what has happened. But it is not the first time I have been sur-prised about how things have been going on around here the last 6 or 7 months. 
I have nothing further. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:08 p.m., 
adjourned until Tuesday, July 14, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
JOHN MAEDA, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE ARTS FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 3, 2016. (NEW POSITION) 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
MATTHEW RHETT JEPPSON, OF FLORIDA, TO BE DIREC-
TOR OF THE MINT FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE ED-MUND C. MOY, RESIGNED. 
AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
ANTHONY ROSARIO COSCIA, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE A 
DIRECTOR OF THE AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEREK TAI–CHING KAN, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A DI-
RECTOR OF THE AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE JEFFREY R. MORELAND, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
ANDREW MILLER SLAVITT, OF MINNESOTA, TO BE AD-
MINISTRATOR OF THE CENTERS FOR MEDICARE AND MEDICAID SERVICES, VICE MARILYN B. TAVENNER, RE-SIGNED. 
MARY KATHERINE WAKEFIELD, OF NORTH DAKOTA, TO 
BE DEPUTY SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERV-ICES, VICE WILLIAM V. CORR, RESIGNED. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G13JY6.039 S13JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1041 July 13, 2015 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, 
ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2822) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes: 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to 
the Goodlatte amendment. The Goodlatte amendment removes the federal backstops which ensure that states meet their respon-sibilities under the Clean Water Act to restore the Chesapeake Bay. 
The Chesapeake Bay is a critical part of Vir-
ginia and we are already starting to see the results of successful Bay cleanup efforts. Vir-ginia oysters are booming—last year the har-vest was up 25% and passed the 500,000 bushel-mark. That is why Virginia is committed to working with EPA and other Bay states to clean up the Chesapeake. There have been hundreds of millions of dollars invested in this effort and federal backstops play an important role to ensure that all states do their share. 
But this amendment puts our investments 
and progress at serious risk. This amendment suggests that it would preserve the rights of the states to write their own water quality plans. But the Commonwealth of Virginia al-ready wrote its own water quality plan and the Total Maximum Daily Load submission was accepted by EPA. So in Virginia, this is simply not a problem. So to me, this amendment looks like an answer in search of a problem. A problem we do not have in Virginia. 
But what this amendment does do is this. It 
creates a BIG problem for Virginia because it would allow upstream states off the hook. It would allow upstream states to stop their cleanup with no consequences. In Virginia, we would feel—and see—real consequences. We could see increases in dirty water flowing downstream, reversing all of our hard work. 
If upstream states stop their cleanups, Vir-
ginia would need to double the work and more—and we would still not have a clean Bay. The fact is that this amendment would absolutely undermine the cleanup efforts al-ready underway. It puts at risk future environ-mental and economic benefits that Virginia would accrue with a cleaner, healthier bay such as more abundant seafood, tourism, recreation, and improved quality of life. As the state at the bottom of the bay watershed, Vir-ginia’s success in restoring our part of the Bay is dependent upon what the other states do, or don’t do. 
This amendment would ensure that other 
states would write the future of Virginia’s waters and the future of our Bay. That is why I am working with my colleagues C
HRIS VAN 
HOLLEN and B OBBY SCOTT to raise awareness 
of the dangers of this amendment. 
I urge my colleagues to vote NO. It takes 
away our clean water future and our clean water investments. This amendment is bad for Virginia and bad for the future health of the Chesapeake Bay. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I missed a re-
corded vote on July 10, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘NO’’ on roll call vote No. 433, H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. 
f 
CONGRATULATING FRANCIS HOW-
ELL HIGH SCHOOL FOR ITS PLACEMENT IN THE TOP 25 MIS-SOURI RANKED HIGH SCHOOLS 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Francis Howell High School for its placement in the top 25 Missouri high schools as ranked by U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing 
Francis Howell High School for a job well done. 
f 
RECOGNIZING U&S SERVICES INC. 
FOR 25 YEARS OF SERVICE TO WESTERN NEW YORK 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize U&S Services Inc. for its 25th Anniver-sary of service to our community. With cor-porate offices centered in the city of Tona-wanda in New York’s 26th Congressional Dis-trict, U&S Services has established itself as a leader in building controls services in Western New York. 
Founded in 1990 with the desire to be at the 
very forefront of technical growth in the indus-try and with a firm commitment to excellence, U&S Services this year celebrates a quarter century of outstanding work in a highly com-petitive and critically important field. Boasting 
a highly experienced staff of technicians, engi-neers, and business professionals, U&S Serv-ices offers a vast array of services to its cus-tomers. From energy and security systems to fire and life safety monitors and video surveil-lance, U&S combines traditional approaches with state-of-the-art innovations essential to the smooth operation of business facilities of all sizes throughout its coverage network. 
In its 25 year history U&S Services has par-
ticipated and continues to lead thousands of projects both large and small, including work on several notable Buffalo area landmarks and institutions. From the Buffalo-Niagara Inter-national Airport to Roswell Park Cancer Insti-tute, from First Niagara Center to the Darwin D. Martin House, U&S Services’ ubiquitous presence demonstrates why it remains an in-dustry leader. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor and recognize U&S Services and I ask that all of our colleagues join me in congratulating U&S Services on a quarter-century of excellence in business, and to commend it for the exemplary work it has done to enrich the communities of Western New York. 
f 
177TH ANNIVERSARY OF METRO-
POLITAN AFRICAN METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize the 177th Anniversary of Metropolitan African Methodist Episcopal Church in Washington, D.C. For 177 years Metropolitan A.M.E. Church has stood at the forefront of the fight for social justice and equality. 
Metropolitan A.M.E. Church, often referred 
to as the National Cathedral of African Meth-odism, was formed by the unification of Israel Bethel and Union Bethel. The churches united as a reaction to the dissatisfaction among Afri-can-Americans over racial segregation at Ebe-nezer Methodist Episcopal Church. Their deci-sion to stand together as one body in the face of unwarranted racism and to work for the ad-vancement of the black community was both courageous and heroic. 
On July 6, 1838, the Baltimore Conference 
of the African Methodist Episcopal Church offi-cially welcomed Union Bethel to the greater community. In 1872, the name was officially changed to Metropolitan A.M.E. when the Bal-timore Conference authorized construction of a new church that would be built in ‘‘close proximity’’ to the White House and the United States Capitol. 
The cornerstone for the new church was 
laid in 1881, and a stained glass window was dedicated to each contributing Annual Con-ference that invested in the church’s construc-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JY8.029 E13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1042 July 13, 2015 
Since its founding, Metropolitan A.M.E. 
Church has played a pivotal role in seeking justice for African-Americans. From leading anti-slavery efforts and harboring runaway slaves to providing AIDS awareness and reg-istering voters, Metropolitan A.M.E. Church has always been on the forefront of trans-formative change. 
Metropolitan A.M.E. Church serves as a 
sanctuary to all, providing not only a place for worship but also a safe haven. For 177 years, Metropolitan A.M.E. Church has met the needs of the community and has influenced the civic, cultural, and intellectual lives of Afri-can-Americans. 
Their walls hold the memories and wisdom 
of illustrious guests like Frederick Douglass and Eleanor Roosevelt who addressed the most pressing social issues that plagued our growing nation. Metropolitan A.M.E. Church has hosted numerous historic events including the official pre-Inaugural prayer services for President William Jefferson Clinton in 1993 and 1997—thus becoming the first African- American church to ever serve in such a ca-pacity. Likewise, Metropolitan A.M.E. Church hosted the National Memorial Service for Mrs. Rosa Parks, the mother of the modern Amer-ican Civil Rights movement. 
Most recently, Metropolitan A.M.E. Church 
opened its doors to the community in the aftermath of the June 17, 2015, church shoot-ing at Mother Emanuel in Charleston, South Carolina. Hundreds came to Metropolitan A.M.E. Church to honor the nine victims and to seek comfort in the church’s warm em-brace. 
Metropolitan A.M.E. Church follows in the 
rich tradition and mission of its parent denomi-nation, the historic African Methodist Episcopal Church. The African Methodist Episcopal Church was born in protest of slavery and ra-cial discrimination in 1787, after members of the Free Africa Society were forced off their knees as they prayed at St. George’s Meth-odist Episcopal Church in Philadelphia, Penn-sylvania. It was at this moment that the mem-bers of the Free African Society realized that when it came to the American Methodist Church, their shackles had not yet been re-moved. 
Richard Allen, Absalom Jones, and other 
free blacks established the African Methodist Episcopal Church as a refuge from racism—a safe place to worship in spite of the opposition they received as members of St. George’s Church. Their journey to establish a new church denomination was not easy, but the seeds they planted soon grew. In the weaning days of the Confederacy, the membership of the African Methodist Episcopal Church grew rapidly, as the Union army permitted church members to recruit newly freed slaves. 
Metropolitan A.M.E. Church rose out of this 
rich legacy, and became a powerful agent for change in its own right. Metropolitan A.M.E. Church has played a vital role in our history, standing tall as a cornerstone of its community through the test of time. This tradition con-tinues today, and will continue well into the fu-ture. 
On a personal note, I am pleased to serve 
as the keynote speaker for the 177th Anniver-sary Service on July 12, 2015. It is a high honor to have the opportunity to celebrate the 177 years of contributions and exemplary service of Metropolitan A.M.E. Church. It is a privilege to stand in the same pulpit as es-teemed guests such as Paul Laurence Dun-
bar, Mary McLeod Bethune, and Dorothy I. Height. As a life member of the historic Brown Chapel A.M.E. Church in Selma, Alabama, I can truly say that it was the support of my church family and the teachings of African Methodist Episcopal Church ministry that helped me grow into the woman I am today. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in recogni-
tion of the 177th Anniversary of Metropolitan A.M.E. Church on this distinguished occasion. May the glory of Metropolitan A.M.E. Church continue to grow and prosper for years to come. 
f 
AFRICA’S DISPLACED PEOPLE 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, last 
year, nearly 60 million people were displaced worldwide. In fact, one out of every 122 peo-ple on Earth today is either a refugee, inter-nally displaced in their home country or seek-ing asylum in another country. 
In sub-Saharan Africa, there are more than 
15 million displaced people. Of that total, 3.7 million are refugees and 11.4 million are inter-nally displaced. These disruptions of normal life in Africa are caused by conflicts such as in Somalia, the Central African Republic, South Sudan, Nigeria, the Democratic Repub-lic of the Congo, Mali, Burundi, Western Sa-hara and elsewhere. These disruptions not only affect those who are displaced, but also the people in whose communities these dis-placed people are relocated. 
African refugees and internally displaced 
people face numerous issues—from security in the places in which they seek refuge, to death and mayhem trying to reach places of refuge, to conflict with surrounding populations to warehousing that consigns generations to be born and live in foreign countries. 
A hearing I held yesterday examined the 
various issues displaced people face and the U.S. response to these conditions in order to determine the effectiveness of our govern-ment’s efforts to help and to determine wheth-er course corrections are necessary. 
The terrible plight of African refugees has 
been much in the news in recent months be-cause of the death of thousands trying to reach Europe across the Mediterranean Sea and attacks on refugees in South Africa re-portedly caused by xenophobia. 
On the South African case, I sent two mem-
bers of my staff to southern Africa last month to look into the incidents of violence against refugees in South Africa. What they found was appalling. Despite a very generous set of laws and programs to enable immigration into South Africa, refugees were often refused medical service at hospitals that supposedly offer free medical care to all people. 
Apparently, no matter what the law in South 
Africa says, staff who screen patients often simply refuse to allow people they consider foreigners to receive medical care. According to refugees who spoke with my staff, this has meant that refugee women have had to give birth on the floor of hospitals while hospital staff refused to provide services. 
As for those refugees trying to cross the 
Mediterranean to seek sanctuary in Europe, more than 1,800 people have died making that 
trip this year as of early June. On the cover of the April 25th issue of The Economist mag-azine, the failure of the nations of Europe to devise a workable, humane policy toward those fleeing to their continent was described as ‘‘a moral and political disgrace.’’ 
Many of the refugees trying to cross the 
Mediterranean are Eritreans, who also have fled persecution and repression at home through the Gulf of Aden and also through the Sinai Peninsula, where they are often at the mercy of ruthless Bedouin groups, who traffic them or hold them for ransom. Eritrea is a closed society, so our knowledge of conditions there comes mostly from refugees, but one has to ask how bad must conditions there be if so many Eritreans are willing to risk their lives and well-being to find refuge almost any-where else? 
Unresolved conflicts have forced many refu-
gees to experience protracted stays in foreign countries. For example, refugees have not only had children but also grandchildren in camps in Kenya and Algeria. After more than two decades, the situation in Somalia remains unresolved, and Somali refugees are unable to resume their lives in their homeland. Yet they face an increasingly hostile Kenyan envi-ronment in which the government is unwilling to allow Somalis to establish financial inde-pendence outside refugee camps. 
In Algeria, Sahrawis, refugees from the 
Western Sahara territory under the control of Morocco, have lived in camps in western Alge-ria since being chased out of the territory by the advance of hundreds of thousands of Mo-roccans in 1975. The Government of Algeria not only provides a home for the Sahrawis, but also supplies access to free education and health care. Still, income-generating activities by Sahrawis are discouraged to prevent com-petition with local Algerians. 
Internally displaced persons also face seri-
ous challenges. In Nigeria, for example, more than 1.5 million people from northeastern Ni-geria have fled attacks by Boko Haram and resulting Nigerian military activities. However, Nigeria is a patchwork of 36 states whose cre-ation over the years has inflamed ethnic and religious tensions as state majorities became minorities suddenly. The Nigerian IDPs are generally living in communities rather than camps. The longer they remain in their current 
areas, the greater the chance their presence will inflame new unrest as the ethnic and reli-gious balance in their new areas is again changed abruptly. 
The United States and the rest of the inter-
national community face serious challenges in addressing the displacement of so many peo-ple. According to U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres, the ‘‘international response capacities are overstretched by the unprecedented rise in global forced displace-ment.’’ We must carefully consider the U.S. role in meeting the increasing challenge of Af-rica’s displaced people, taking into consider-ation our moral imperative to help those in need, as well as strategic interests in pre-venting the kind of neglect that makes terrorist recruitment among displaced people easier than it should be. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY8.003 E13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1043 July 13, 2015 
CONGRATULATING KURT ZWIKL 
HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise to recognize a community lead-er who has worked tirelessly to transform the Schuylkill River Heritage Area into a prime destination for outdoor recreation as well as a definitive source of historical information about the significance of this scenic waterway, which flows from the heart of Pennsylvania’s anthra-cite coal region to the City of Philadelphia. 
Kurt Zwikl has spent the past 12 years as 
executive director of the Schuylkill River Herit-age Area. He retired from the Pottstown-based non-profit organization on June 30th. 
Thanks to his ability to foster community 
partnerships and his tireless advocacy, Kurt has expanded the number of miles available to bikers and walkers along the Schuylkill River Trail. Eventually, families and residents will be able to enjoy a unified, 130-mile trail system stretching from Schuylkill County to Philadelphia. 
A partnership with neighboring Montgomery 
County Community College enabled the Schuylkill River Heritage Area to open the River of Revolutions Interpretive Center in Pottstown in 2012. 
Students from local schools and tourists 
from around the world can view exhibits and discover how the Schuylkill River has helped secure our independence, fueled our pros-perity and inspired stewardship and a deep appreciation for preserving irreplaceable nat-ural resources. 
And earlier this month, nearly 200 outdoor 
enthusiasts paddled 112 miles from Schuylkill Haven Island to Philadelphia during the ‘‘Schuylkill River Soujourn.’’ This is an event that has grown each year under Kurt’s leader-ship. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to express my gratitude 
for Kurt Zwikl’s tremendous accomplishments as executive director of the Schuylkill River Heritage Area—all of which have improved the public’s access to and appreciation of the river and reinvigorated community pride in this amazing natural resource. 
f 
IN HONOR OF CONCORD POLICE 
SERGEANT BUCKY SIMPSON 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor former Concord Police Sergeant Rich-ard Howard ‘‘Bucky’’ Simpson, who passed away peacefully on June 24, 2015. 
Sergeant Bucky Simpson was born on July 
31, 1942, in Charlotte, North Carolina. He is survived by his wife, Susan Phillips Simpson of Concord; his children, Chad D. Simpson of Concord; Phillip A. Simpson and his wife, Jane Blackley Simpson, of Harrisburg; and his grandson, Garrett Parker Simpson. 
Bucky was a distinguished Army Vietnam 
veteran who received many awards including the Purple Heart and Bronze Star. As a Con-cord Police Sergeant, he worked for 17 years as a Juvenile Officer and helped implement 
the Drug Abuse Resistance Education (D.A.R.E) program in Cabarrus County, North Carolina. 
One of Bucky’s greatest qualities was his 
ability to teach and help youth in the commu-nity. Bucky supervised the hiring of school crossing guards who were known as ‘‘Bucky’s Angels,’’ and he patiently taught Bike Safety and BB Gun Safety Training to hundreds of kids at Camp Spencer. He also faithfully served on the Board of Directors at the Boys and Girls Club where he once received the ‘‘Father of the Year Award.’’ For his continued dedication to helping youth in Concord, Bucky once received the L.T. Williams Award from the North Carolina Officers’ Association for being the ‘‘Most Outstanding Juvenile Officer’’ of the year. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in cele-
brating former Concord Police Sergeant Bucky Simpson’s life as a dedicated husband, father, and public servant. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MIKE ROOS 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the long and distinguished public serv-ice career of our friend, Mr. Mike Roos. I had 
the great honor of working with Mike as col-leagues in the California State Assembly along with several other current and former mem-bers of this House. I count myself fortunate to call him a good friend. 
In 1999, Mike founded Mike Roos and Com-
pany, a public affairs firm that Mike shaped specializes in government relations, corporate issues management, media relations, and bal-lot measure campaigns. Prior to establishing Mike Roos and Company, Mike served as President and CEO of the Los Angeles Alli-ance for Restructuring Now, a coalition of business and civic leaders from the Los Ange-les Area dedicated to implementing systemic reform and restructuring within the Los Ange-les Unified School District. His significant ef-forts in this capacity have undoubtedly changed countless lives of children in the Los Angeles area for the better. 
Mike’s distinguished Assembly career began 
in 1977. He earned the love and respect of both his Democratic and Republican col-leagues. His own caucus chose him Majority Floor Leader in his second term, a position he held until his 1987 election as Assembly Speaker Pro Tempore. He had the reputation as a genuine legislator—someone who used the power of lawmaking to make the lives of the People of California better. Perhaps his most well known achievement is the Mello Roos Community Facilities Act of 1982 and the Roberti-Roos Weapons Control Act of 1989. Mike authored the strictest laws to date protecting the confidentiality of HIV patients, as well as the law creating the Alternative Test Sites Program, which established centers where individuals could receive free, anony-mous testing for the AIDS antibody. He con-sistently fought for a better education for all, authoring legislation prohibiting sex discrimina-tion in California’s educational institutions. 
Prior to his election to the State Assembly, 
Mike served as the Executive Director of the Coro Foundation, a leadership training pro-
gram for future leaders in public service. Thanks to his substantial experience and in-sight, he continues to be a valuable consultant to civic and educational organizations, speak-ing on topics ranging from education reform to the legislative process in California politics. 
Mr. Speaker, I know I speak for the whole 
House in thanking Mike for his years of serv-ice on behalf of the people of California. I know he looks forward to spending time with his family, including his four daughters Shelby, Melissa, Catherine, and Caroline. I wish him nothing but success and happiness. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CAMDENTON 
HIGH SCHOOL ON ITS BRONZE MEDAL AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Camdenton High School on its Bronze Medal Award as a top Missouri High School from U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout the past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing 
Camdenton High School for a job well done. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE PRINCIPAL OF 
THE YEAR AWARD NOMINEE FOR PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY PUB-LIC SCHOOLS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the Principal of the Year Award nominee for Prince William County Public Schools. 
The Principal of the Year for Prince William 
County will receive the Distinguished Edu-cational Leadership Award from the Wash-ington Post. Nominated principals must dem-onstrate the ability to: 
Manage effectively Demonstrate and encourage creativity and 
innovation 
Foster cooperation between the school and 
the community 
Maintain a continuing dialogue with students 
and parents as well as faculty and staff 
Keep abreast of developments in the field of 
education 
Encourage team spirit Demonstrate leadership and exemplify com-
mitment 
Continue to play an active role in the class-
room 
Maintain their position as principal through-
out the 2015–16 school year 
Participate in the five day 2015 DELA Sem-
inar to be held July 2015 
I would like to extend my personal congratu-
lations to the 2014–2015 nominee, Joyce Stockton of Philip Michael Pennington Tradi-tional School, for Prince William County Schools, Principal of the year award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JY8.015 E13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1044 July 13, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in commending Ms. Stockton, Principal of the Year Award nominee for Prince William County Public Schools, and in thanking her for her dedication to leadership in our school sys-tem. Her continued service will ensure that students of Prince William County are pro-vided with a world class education in a more vibrant learning community. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF NORTH-
WEST FLORIDA’S BELOVED CLARENCE OLIN MARLER 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize the life and legacy of Northwest Florida’s beloved Clarence Olin Marler. On July 9, 2015, Destin, Florida—the ‘‘World’s Luckiest Fishing Village’’—and the recreational boating community suffered a great loss with his passing. 
Olin Marler was born in Destin on October 
10, 1934, to the late Clarence L. Marler and Gladys Marler. A proud Northwest Floridian, he also pursued his higher education in the area, graduating from the University of West Florida with a Bachelor of Science in Manage-ment. It was during his time working as a de-fense contractor with Vitro Services, now known as BAE Systems, that Olin began his 
career as a Charter Boat Captain, purchasing his first charter boat in 1965. As a result of his dedication and hard work, what began as a small weekend business, Olin Marler Charters would flourish into one of the oldest and most successful charter boat operations in the State of Florida, and over the years, Olin helped thousands of locals and tourists experience the God-given natural beauty of the Eastern Gulf of Mexico. 
To some, Olin Marler will be remembered 
as a legendary boat captain; to others, he will be remembered for his great stories and his love of fishing. To his friends and family, how-ever, he will forever be remembered as a lov-ing husband, father, grandfather, and great- grandfather. While fishing and the smiles on his customers’ faces brought Olin great happi-ness, his greatest blessing and love was his family. 
On behalf of the United States Congress, I 
am privileged to recognize the life of Clarence Olin Marler. Without question, his contributions to the Northwest Florida economy will be felt for years to come; however, more important was the joy Olin brought to his customers, friends, and family, and the legacy he leaves behind. My wife Vicki and I extend our heart-felt prayers and condolences to his wife, Donna; sons, Greg and Andrew; daughter, Hannah; grandchildren, Caden Lee Olin Marler, Mallisa Marler Scott and Jacob Marler; great-grandchildren; and the entire Marler family. BIRTHDAY WISHES 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, July 
10 is a special day to me. It marks the day of my first floor speech as a member of the United States House of Representatives, and I rise to recognize and celebrate two great men who have been influential in my life. They are John Forrest Kelly, my oldest son, who was born on this date in 1995, and my father, John M. Kelly, who was born on July 9, 1941. 
I rise in recognition and honor of my son, 
John Forrest Kelly. John Forrest, or JFK as we commonly refer to him, was born in Tupelo, Mississippi to Sheila Stephens Kelly and me. John Forrest was the first grandchild for both his paternal and maternal lines. JFK is an extremely smart and articulate man. He graduated from Saltillo High School in 2013. During his high school career, he achieved high academic success. He was a well-liked and well-rounded student-athlete. He played one year of football and started for the Saltillo High School Tigers Baseball Team as an out-fielder. After high school, he received aca-demic scholarships and is currently a business major at the University of Mississippi; he is a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha Fraternity. John Forrest is an extremely bright young man, and I am confident of a bright future in whatever career path he chooses. I am ex-tremely proud of him and his two siblings Mor-gan Grace (age 16) and Jackson Trent (age 9). 
I rise in remembrance and honor of my fa-
ther, John M. Kelly. John, commonly referred to as Big John, Papa John, Top, 1SG Kelly, or Papaw, was born on July 9, 1941 in Newton County, Mississippi to Madison Houston Kelly and Ludie Irene Robinson Kelly. The youngest child, his parents were small farmers in New-ton County, Mississippi. John excelled in sports, playing basketball, baseball, and foot-ball for both Union and Decatur High Schools. He graduated in 1959 from Decatur High School. On June 3, 1961, he married Barbara Carolyn Mott Kelly. Married for 44 years, Big John and Barbara had three children: Lisa Renee Kelly Carley, and two sons, J
OHN 
TRENT KELLY and James Kevin Kelly. With 
Barbara and his daughter Lisa by his side, Big John passed away from lung cancer on Feb-ruary 7, 2005, while both of his sons were de-ployed to Iraq as members of the 150th Engi-neer Battalion, 155th Brigade Combat Team. 
Big John was a loving and caring father and 
a great provider for his family. John started out on the line in the furniture industry. Through hard work and intelligence, he worked his way up to managing furniture plants. He was a foreman, supervisor, super-intendent and held many other leadership po-sitions throughout his life. John always made time for family and community, coaching his sons, daughter and others in Union, Mis-sissippi little league baseball until they went to high school. 
In 1959, he joined the Mississippi Army Na-
tional Guard until his retirement in 2001 at the mandatory retirement age of 60. He served with both his sons during his tenure in the Na-tional Guard, including mobilizing in 1990 for Desert Shield/Storm in the 134th Combat En-gineer Company, 155th Armored Brigade. Dur-
ing Desert Storm, John was a Staff Sergeant and Engineer Squad Leader, I was an Engi-neer Second Lieutenant and Platoon Leader, and Kevin was a Specialist 4 and Engineer Soldier. John was First Sergeant for three of the four companies of the 150th Combat Engi-neer Battalion and retired as a Master Ser-geant and Operations Sergeant in the 150th Engineer Battalion, 155th Heavy Brigade Combat Team. 
Big John was always a caring and giving in-
dividual and was loved by most people who knew him. He was never too busy to help any-one in need. I have often said during my life if I am half the man my father was I will be a great man. He was a great husband to my wonderful mother, Barbara. He was a great in-spiration and role model for me and my sib-lings and the best father and grandfather a man could ever ask to have. 
Happy Birthday to my son, John Forrest 
Kelly, and to my father, John ‘‘Big John’’ ‘‘Daddy’’ Kelly. I thank and honor them both for being such a great influence in my life. I love them both with all my heart and soul. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to acknowledge and honor two very important men in my life, one with a great past, the other with a promising future. 
f 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes: 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-
position to H.R. 5, the ‘‘Student Success Act,’’ which would harm the education of our na-tion’s youth. 
I thank Chairman K
LINE, Ranking Member 
SCOTT , and all the members of the Committee 
on Education and the Workforce for their work to improve education for our nation’s children. 
Unfortunately, the bill before the House for 
consideration, should it become law, would harm our most vulnerable children, including those who attend urban and rural schools, and special needs children who need equal access to an excellent education. 
In my 18th District of Texas, over 30% of 
students in the Houston Independent School district (HISD) live below the poverty line. 
H.R. 5 threatens to cut over $17 million from 
HISD, one of the largest reductions in Title I funding in the state of Texas. 
I cannot stand by and support legislation 
that takes funds and resources away from children who are already struggling to meet their own basic needs. 
This bill allows Title I ‘‘portability’’ which 
would allow states to redirect funds away from high concentrations of poverty and siphon monies to low-poverty schools. 
This proposal, if enacted, would allow states 
to redirect funds away from districts with the highest concentrations of poverty, and into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JY8.018 E13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1045 July 13, 2015 
more affluent districts with less need for such 
support. 
The vast majority of the children affected by 
‘‘portability,’’ are black or Hispanic. 
As legislators, as Americans, we have a 
generational responsibility to enhance the lives of those who will follow us, especially the most vulnerable. 
H.R. 5 guts education funding, while divert-
ing funds away from high-poverty schools by freezing funding at FY 2015 levels for six years, which represents over $800 million in cuts to these programs compared to pre-se-quester funding. 
Mr. Chair, what does it say about our com-
mitment to our youth that we are willing to cut funding for the future leaders of America? 
For decades, we threw money at education 
without making sure our schools were actually improving, or whether we were giving teachers the tools they need, or whether our taxpayer dollars were being used effectively. 
And our students too often paid the price. 
The bill as it exists now allows for the estab-
lishment of separate, lower standards for stu-dents with developmental disabilities. 
As a result of these standards, opportunities 
available for students with disabilities later in life would suffer considerably. 
H.R. 5 converts much of the funding cur-
rently directed at English learners, migrant stu-dents, or at-risk students into block-grants, which would enable those funds to be spent outside the target populations. 
Support for these students would also be 
eroded by suspending requirements that school districts improve the English-speaking ability of such students. 
It is my concern as H.R. 5 is currently draft-
ed abdicates the historic Federal role in ele-mentary and secondary education of ensuring the educational progress of all of America’s students, including students from low-income families, students with disabilities, English learners, and students of color. 
‘No Child Left Behind’ needs to be fixed, but 
Republicans are pushing a bill that would gut education funding, eliminate and weaken pro-tections for disadvantaged students, does not provide a well-rounded education for all stu-dents, and does not support educators. 
The Statement of Administration Policy from 
the Obama administration agrees on the need for high-quality statewide annual testing as re-quired in H.R. 5, so parents and teachers know how children and schools are doing from year to year and to allow for consistent meas-urement of school and student performance across the State. 
However the administration has stated that 
this bill should do more to reduce redundant and unnecessary testing, such as asking States to limit the amount of time spent on standardized testing and requiring parental no-tification when testing is consuming too much classroom learning time. 
In its current state the Obama administration 
recommends a veto of H.R. 5. 
It is sobering to me, as the founder and co- 
chair of the Congressional Children’s Caucus and someone who has long advocated on be-half of young people from all backgrounds, to see a bill that would have such a negative im-pact on the very children who need our help the most. 
In addition to these sad truths, the bill cur-
rently under consideration would strike a dev-astating blow to our schools’ ability to provide the variety of programs that our children de-
serve. 
It repeals dedicated funding for programs 
such as student safety, after and summer school programming, STEM education, edu-cation technology, arts education, literacy and block-grants support, forcing high-need dis-tricts to choose between funding vital services. 
It should not be overlooked that one of 
these programs that is considered expendable is STEM-focused education, an area of impor-tance both nationally and to my constituents in Houston. 
The Houston region is one of the most im-
portant industrial bases in the world and was recently ranked the No. 1 U.S. manufacturing city by Manufacturers’ News Inc. 
Houston is also home to the largest medical 
complex in the world—the Texas Medical Cen-ter—and provides clinical health care, re-search and education at its 54 institutions. 
These jobs, and truly the middle class of 
this decade as a whole, are dependent on workers who get the right STEM education and job training today. 
Brookings’ Metropolitan Policy Program’s re-
port ‘‘The Hidden STEM Economy’’ reported that in 2011, 26 million jobs or 20 percent of all occupations required knowledge in 1 or more STEM areas. 
The same report stressed that fully half of 
all STEM jobs are available to workers without a 4 year degree and these jobs pay on aver-age $53,000 a year, which is 10 percent high-er than jobs with similar education require-ments. 
To eliminate federal funding aimed at en-
hancing STEM education is to cripple an en-tire generation of America’s youth, leaving them without skills that may be essential in se-curing their own future and the economic pros-perity of our nation. 
Finally, it must be addressed that the defin-
ing characteristic of our primary and sec-ondary education system has been to prepare our students for college. 
H.R. 5 does not contain any provisions that 
states consult with institutes of higher edu-cation in order to ensure that their academic standards are consistent with what will be de-manded of those students once they graduate. 
As a result, many students, even after re-
ceiving a high school diploma, will find them-selves unprepared to pursue a college degree if they choose to. 
We must look at the environments in which 
we are asking these students to succeed and ensure we have the best protections in place to provide safe educational institutions. 
Amendment #93 of this bill, Jackson Lee 
Amendment, supports accountability-based programs and activities that are designed to enhance school safety, which may include re-search-based bullying prevention, cyberbullying prevention, disruption of recruit-ment activity by groups or individuals involved in violent extremism, and gang prevention pro-grams as well as intervention programs re-garding bullying. 
H.R. 5 eliminates the current requirement 
that districts take action when their schools are under resourced and unable to meet the needs of all students. 
Together with the lack of consideration and 
support for at-risk and low-income youth, this will result in those students being marginalized and denied educational opportunity rather than given the support and resources they so des-perately need. I urge all my colleagues to join with me and 
oppose the passage of H.R. 5. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ELDON HIGH 
SCHOOL ON ITS BRONZE MEDAL AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Eldon High School on its Bronze Medal Award as a top Missouri High School from U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout the past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Eldon 
High School for a job well done. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes: 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, federal funding for 
biomedical research has been stagnant over the past several years, another victim of un-wise and shortsighted sequestration and budg-et cuts that put deficit reduction before invest-ments that can save lives. 
With no increase to counter the effects of in-
flation and increased cost of research, NIH has lost 22 percent of its purchasing power over the last decade. NIH has been forced to cut or deny funding for thousands of promising studies that could hold the key to incredible breakthroughs. 
We should do everything we can to bring 
cures to patients as quickly as possible. Far too many people suffer from rare, serious and deadly diseases, and its outrageous cures could be found except for the lack of funding. It’s also important we make sure drugs are safe and actually do what they are intended to do. I have concerns with some of the pro-posed changes to FDA’s approval process de-signed to speed drugs and devices to market. We need to be certain that the proposed changes will not subject patients to a high level of risk. I expect the Senate will review and fix those provisions when they take up the bill. 
HR. 6 does what Congress has been unable 
to do because the Republican majority refuses to understand a simple fact: Funding bio-medical research, just like investing in our roads and bridges, is an investment, not wasteful spending. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY8.001 E13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1046 July 13, 2015 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JOSEPH R. PITTS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes: 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong sup-
port for H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act which will help advance the discovery, devel-opment, and delivery of new treatments and cures for patients and will foster private sector innovation here in the U.S. 
Arriving here today has been a long jour-
ney—full of lots of steps and some twists and turns along the way. I especially want to thank Legislative Counsel for their tireless efforts in helping translate our legislative aims into legis-lative language. They worked nights and 
weekends and were consummate profes-sionals throughout the process. Specifically, I want to thank the following: Warren Burke, Ed Grossman, Jessica Shapiro, Michelle Vanek, and Jesse Cross. 
I also want to thank the health care staff of 
the Congressional Budget Office for all their help in recent months. In addition to their role in estimating the budgetary effects of numer-ous policies in the bill, they were instrumental in helping us shape a number of proposals the Committee considered. I specifically want to thank Holly Harvey, Tom Bradley, Chad Chirico, and all their colleagues for their dili-gence and assistance through the process. 
And I would be remiss if I did not again 
thank the outstanding team on Energy and Commerce, and most especially the Health team, led by Chief Health Counsel, Clay Alspach, supported by Josh Trent, Paul Edattel, John Stone, Robert Horne, Carly McWilliams, Michelle Rosenberg, Katie Novaria, Adrianna Simonelli, Traci Vitek and Graham Pittman—without whose expertise, wisdom and counsel, this legislative work would not be possible. 
H.R. 6 was reported from Energy and Com-
merce Committee by a vote of 51–0 and ad-vances conservative fiscal and regulatory re-forms. Every dollar of advanced appropriations in the bill (which will sunset at the end of FY 2020) is offset with other permanent reforms— including billions of dollars in mandatory enti-tlement savings in Medicare and Medicaid. 
But this is no ordinary mandatory spend-
ing—like the kind we usually see in entitle-ment spending such as Social Security, Medi-care, Medicaid and Obamacare. This manda-tory spending is for five years only and then stops or sunsets. This mandatory spending is fully paid for with mandatory spending cuts elsewhere that will not stop in five years, but are permanent reforms resulting in real sav-ings. By comparison, the Ryan-Murray budget deal for health care savings yielded much less. 
This innovative hybrid approach allows us to 
cut mandatory spending (entitlement spend-ing) and use the savings to fund what would otherwise be a discretionary project—but in this case is 5-year dedicated spending on medical research. 
Congressional Budget Office determined 
that H.R. 6 will reduce the deficit by $500 mil-lion over the first ten years, and at least an-
other $7 billion over the second decade. 
The funds provided to the National Institutes 
for Health (NIH) and Food and Drug Adminis-tration (FDA) will be subject to explicit review and reprogramming though the annual appro-priations process. Congress can review the dedicated funding and allocate it for specific initiatives. 
Additionally, all the important policy riders 
that accompany federal funding through ap-propriations will be included—such as the Hyde Amendment and the Dickey-Wicker Amendment. 
This bill also includes a policy that excludes 
authorized generics from Average Manufactur-ers’ Price. This is a commonsense policy from the President’s budget proposal, intended to ensure the appropriate calculation of Medicaid brand name rebates paid by manufacturers. The policy is not intended to effect Medicaid programs’ pharmacy reimbursements. Instead, the provision, which many states support, will result in an increase in manufacturer rebates under Medicaid and thus save money for states and the federal government. 
H.R. 6 will help America to innovate its way 
out of our entitlement crisis. The regulatory re-forms included in H.R. 6 will accelerate the pace of discovery, development and delivery of new treatments and cures, thereby pro-viding significant health care savings to the federal budget that will only grow over time. 
By modernizing clinical trials, eliminating du-
plicative administrative requirements, and per-haps most importantly, making FDA less bu-reaucratic by advancing the voice and needs of patients in the drug and device approval process—H.R. 6 will make lasting, positive changes to the entire ecosystem of Cures. Over 250 patient groups have enthusiastically said ‘‘yes’’ and endorsed Cures. 
I urge all of my colleagues to think of the 
patients and vote ‘‘AYE’’ in support of H.R. 6. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 6, 21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am the 
Ranking Member of the Rules Committee. Rules, as you know, is the process committee. 
Whether you are a majority or a minority 
member, you have rights, but they have been trampled on and abused with increasing regu-larity under this majority, and we have two glaring examples of that just today. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill is important to all of 
us, and we all agree on the importance of put-ting more money into major research in the United States, we are falling behind other countries in finding the cures and the innova-tion for which we have been known for cen-turies. This is an important step that we are taking. This is a critically important bill, but process matters. 
Mr. Speaker, after the Energy and Com-
merce Committee had voted out this bill unani-mously, major changes were made with no committee input at all. They include a reduc-tion of the amount of money that the com-mittee had said would be put into the National 
Institutes of Health by $1.250 billion, a very substantial sum. 
They added some policy riders that literally 
made no sense. Why in the world would you put an abortion rider on a bill for medical re-search? As far as I know, the NIH and most medical universities doing this research do not perform abortion procedures. It was simply a way, again, to mollify members and make them vote for this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, despite the importance of this 
bill, despite the fact that it came out of com-mittee unanimously, despite the fact that so many people have worked on it, and despite the fact that good things were in it, the proc-ess was completely changed after it was over by rewriting major portions of it. That doesn’t appear anywhere in the rules of the House. 
Now, let’s also think about what happened 
here last night during the debate on the Inte-rior bill, which was considered under an open rule. After the Ranking Member, B
ETTY 
MCCOLLUM of Minnesota, had yielded back her 
time, a new amendment was offered at the re-quest of Republican leadership in order to pick up enough votes to ensure final passage. This new amendment sought to undo two already adopted amendments that would restrict the display of the Confederate flags in National Park Service cemeteries. These amendments were initially noncontroversial—as they should have remained. In fact, they were adopted by voice vote. However, following a revolt by Members of the Republican Conference, Re-publican leadership offered this new amend-ment without any warning in order to gain more votes. In the end, the Majority pulled the entire bill in order to avoid taking a vote on their effort to place Confederate flags in U.S. cemeteries. 
Mr. Speaker, and then this morning the Ma-
jority chose to send Leader P
ELOSI ’s resolution 
to committee in order to avoid taking a vote on it. Her resolution would have required the re-moval of state flags containing the Confed-erate battle flag from the House wing of the Capitol, unless the flag is flown by an indi-vidual Member. Mr. M
CGOVERN stated quite 
precisely that the resolution will die in com-mittee—we will never see that one again. Un-fortunately, that’s what happens here, but Mr. Speaker, it is time it was stopped. 
I was born in a border State, in Kentucky. 
I lived there most of my life. I was educated there. I never saw a Confederate flag in all those years. These battle flags that they are putting up appeared in the South after the civil rights legislation. They were the products of Strom Thurmond and the Dixiecrats. That is when they started to bloom all over. It is a symbol of pure hate or fear. It needs to go. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2015 OFFICERS 
OF THE OCCOQUAN WOODBRIDGE LORTON VOLUNTEER FIRE DE-PARTMENT 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the 2015 Officers of the Occoquan Woodbridge Lorton Volunteer Fire Depart-ment. The 2015 officers and members of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JY8.003 E13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1047 July 13, 2015 
board of directors are taking leadership roles 
in one of Northern Virginia’s longest standing volunteer fire departments. The O.W.L. Volun-teer Fire Department was created to address the need for organized fire response capabili-ties in the growing suburbs of Northern Vir-ginia. Organized in 1938 and chartered in 1940, the Department officially formed to be-come the only fire department between Fred-ericksburg and Alexandria. In the subsequent decades O.W.L. has expanded to staff three stations and provide emergency medical serv-ices. 
The members of O.W.L. are dedicated com-
munity volunteers, and the 2015 officers and directors will be diligent stewards of this tradi-tion of service. The 250 active O.W.L. mem-bers answer 14,000 calls and serve 60,000 people each year. Their job is demanding and the hours are long, but these brave men and women are driven by their dedication to public safety and the communities that they serve. We would all do well to follow their example. 
I congratulate and commend the following 
2015 incoming officers: 
Department Chief: James F. McAllister Fire Assistant Chiefs: Kurt Bolland, Michael 
Clark, Steve Godin, Wayne Haight, and Dave Williams 
EMS Assistant Chief: Edward A. Craig Fire Captains: Jonathan Baldwin, Joshua 
Culp, Tony Carroll, Tim LeClercq, Ryan Wil-liams, and Justin Witt 
EMS Captain: Diana Ondra Fire Lieutenants: Lindsey Blasius, Jesus 
Castro, Mark Chandler, Jon Colpitts, Jonathan Holland, Billy Moore, Kody Perry, and Stewart Young 
EMS Lieutenants: Chad Fritz, Tammy Hill, 
Aaron Hope, Cynthia Thackwray, and Sandra Williams 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in congratulating these remarkable volun-teers on their new leadership positions, and in thanking all the members of the Occoquan Woodbridge Lorton Volunteer Fire Department for the vital service they provide to the Prince William County community. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
ANSAR SHRINERS OF SPRING-FIELD, ILLINOIS 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to congratulate the Ansar Shriners of Springfield, Illinois on their 100th anniversary. To date, they are the seventeenth largest chapter of over two hundred Shriner chapters worldwide. The Shriners are a frater-nity that believes in brotherhood, family, lead-ership, and giving back. They are dedicated to providing assistance to those in need. 
Their philanthropic efforts enable the Shriner 
hospital network, containing nineteen children hospitals and three burn institutes, to provide care at no cost to their patients. The Shriner hospital network has cared for over one million children since its inception, providing expert pediatric specialty care regardless of their abil-ity to pay. 
The Ansar Shriners of Springfield exemplify 
the importance and power of community serv-ice. I thank them for their continued support of 
the less fortunate and congratulate them on their 100th anniversary. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE RECOVER 
ACT (REDUCING THE EFFECTS OF THE CYBERATTACK ON OPM VICTIMS EMERGENCY RESPONSE ACT OF 2015) 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to intro-
duce the Reducing the Effects of the Cyberattack on OPM Victims Emergency Re-sponse Act of 2015 (the RECOVER Act), a bill to require the Office of Personnel Manage-ment (OPM) to provide complimentary and comprehensive identity protection coverage to all individuals whose personally identifiable in-formation was compromised during recent OPM data breaches. Senator B
ENCARDIN (D– 
MD) has introduced the companion bill in the Senate. Yesterday, OPM reported that more than 21.5 million current and former federal employees have had their personal informa-tion compromised in a second OPM data breach, five times more than the 4.2 million al-ready reported, for a grand total of 25.7 million federal employees and retirees. OPM said that the 21.5 million individuals whose background check records were compromised would re-ceive only three years of credit monitoring and identity theft protection services and $1 million in loss coverage, while the other 4.2 million in-dividuals whose personnel records were com-promised would receive 18 months of credit monitoring and $1 million in loss coverage. In light of the scope of OPM’s data breach and the limited protection that is proposed, I, along with my House colleagues C
HRIS VANHOLLEN , 
DONBEYER , D ONNA EDWARDS , C.A. D UTCH  
RUPPERSBERGER , ELIJAH CUMMINGS , G ERALD  
CONNOLLY , and J OHN DELANEY introduce a bill 
that would provide free lifetime identity theft protection coverage that includes identity theft insurance for losses up to $5 million. This pro-tection is particularly necessary since the breach was discovered a year after hackers had already infiltrated OPM’s system. 
OPM’s proposed protection would not pro-
tect current and former federal workers if hackers simply waited for a period of years before exploiting the stolen identities. How-ever, our bill would give current and former federal employees some peace of mind. 
The RECOVER Act is necessary to reduce 
the angst of our dedicated public servants re-sulting from this entire ordeal. OPM failed to protect our current and former federal employ-ees. It follows that the government must do the right thing to make up for its mistake. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate 
the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes: 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise in sup-
port of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act, a bipartisan piece of legislation that is vital to the future and health of our Nation’s citizens and ecosystem. 
This thoughtful legislation is the culmination 
of the hard work of my dedicated colleagues who have sought out and engaged in public conversations with patients, innovators, pro-viders, regulators and researchers about how to move advances in science and medicine into new therapies. 
This outreach has garnered the critical input 
and support of more than 370 patient and phy-sician groups, state and local organizations, cancer centers, and research and life sciences. 
I’m proud to be one of the cosponsors of 
H.R. 6, which represents a new national effort to find treatment and cures for thousands of unknown and rare diseases. 
Looking to the various policies this legisla-
tion aims to address, it is important to highlight the commendable objectives and that will not only accelerate the discovery, development and delivery of new treatments and cures for thousands of serious and rare diseases, but it will also open the doors of innovation and the growth of health care system by enhancing and enriching the medical field for all Ameri-cans. 
The most ambitious action calls for $10 bil-
lion in mandatory funding to be delivered over the next five years to the National Institutes of Health (NIH). 
NIH is part of our nation’s top ranked edu-
cational research institutions in the world. 
In order to maintain our global competitive-
ness in the biomedical field, we must invest in the industries that guarantee economic pros-perity for our current and future economies. 
It has been estimated that every $1 of NIH 
funding generates about $2.21 in local eco-nomic growth, and, in 2012, NIH funded re-search supported an estimated 402,000 jobs all across the U.S. 
The bill’s funding for NIH would provide for 
an annual 3% increases in the NIH budget, which has been stagnant for the past few years and which desperately needs more funding to capitalize on emerging scientific in-sights. 
This increased funding not only aims to con-
tinue the sustainability of our economy but it also supports our President’s initiative to pro-vide more resources to the biomedical field. 
The 21st Century Cure Act supports the 
President’s Precision Medicine Initiative, which would advance a new model of participant- centered research to accelerate biomedical discoveries and provide clinicians with new tools and therapies tailored to individual pa-tients’ needs. 
The Obama Administration believes they 
can build on their progress in improving the drug development and approval process by: incorporating patients’ voices into the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) decision-mak-ing; encouraging the development and quali-fication of reliable biomarkers to accelerate work on important new therapies; and reduc-ing barriers to initiating medical device trials. 
In furtherance of this initiative, H.R. 6 allows 
for the creation of an ‘‘Innovation Fund’’ through the National Institute of Health. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JY8.019 E13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1048 July 13, 2015 
This ‘‘Innovation Fund’’ is a welcome effort 
because it promotes the maintenance of the best biomedical workforce in the world and help to increase the diversity of the biomedical workforce. 
In particular, the $2 billion provided for the 
Innovation Fund, will not only increase the number of the research projects it supports but it also increases the cap for NIH’s loan re-payment programs. 
This would include a repayment program for 
clinical scientists who do research in health disparities and for clinical scientist from dis-advantaged backgrounds, from $35,000 per year to $50,000 per year plus a yearly inflation for adjustment. 
With the support of H.R. 6, underrep-
resented communities and those with dis-advantaged backgrounds from across the country can undoubtedly provide the future re-searchers and workers of the biomedical work-force. 
The Journal on STEM Education reported in 
2011 that only 8.34% of the STEM doctorates awarded in 2006 were given to underrep-resented minorities, despite making up ap-proximately 28% of the U.S. population. 
Furthermore, GAO noted that while the per-
centage of underrepresented minorities nation-wide increased from 13% to 19% from 1994 to 2003, the total number of STEM doctorates awarded to the same group dropped during this period from 8,335 to 7,310. 
In response, the National Institute of Gen-
eral Medical Sciences (NIGMS) created the Minority Opportunities in Research (MORE) Division and similar academic intervention pro-grams. 
The MORE programs are comprised of four 
primary components: research experience, mentoring and advisement, supplemental in-struction and workshops, and financial sup-port. 
In 2007, NIGMS’ annual budget was $1.9 
billion, of which nearly $126 million was spent on its MORE programs. 
This amount includes the Minority Bio-
medical Research Support-Research Initiative for Scientific Enhancement (MBRS-RISE) pro-gram, the Minority Access to Research Ca-reers (MARC), Post-baccalaureate Research Education Program (PREP), and the Bridges to the Baccalaureate and Bridges to the PhD programs. 
The amount of funds dedicated to these 
programs reflects the commitment by the science and research community to the goals of the MORE Division in addressing this prob-lem. 
Increased funding set forth in H.R. 6 will 
only strengthen NIH’s focus on diversifying the biomedical workforce by requiring NIH to focus on ensuring participation from scientists from underrepresented communities. 
In addition to addressing the needs of 
underrepresented communities, H.R. 6 also calls for specific action to increase representa-tion of racial minorities. 
The 21st Century Cures Act acknowledges 
that there are disturbing statistics on the low numbers of African Americans, Hispanics and Native Americans pursuing academic qualifica-tion and participating in scientific research. 
Under H.R. 6, the National Institute on Mi-
nority Health and Health Disparities will nec-essarily include strategies for increasing rep-resentation of minority communities in its stra-tegic plan. I am proud to say that H.R. 6 includes the 
Jackson Lee Amendment, which makes a good bill even better by ensuring that the na-tional goals of finding and bringing more cures and treatments to patients and strengthening the biomedical innovation ecosystem in the United States is aided by an expanding pool of diverse and talented medical researchers. 
Specifically, the Jackson Lee Amendment 
provides: The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall conduct outreach to historically Black colleges and universities, Hispanic-serv-ing institutions, Native American colleges, and rural colleges to ensure that health profes-sionals from underrepresented populations are aware of research opportunities under this Act. 
Many racial health disparities stem from lack 
of access to effective test, treatments and cures for illnesses that have devastating con-sequences for African American, Hispanic and Native American populations. 
For example: 1. African-Americans represent 12% of the 
U.S. population but only 5% of clinical trial participants. 
2. Hispanics make up 16% of the population 
but only 1% of clinical trial participants. 
3. Women are under-represented in cardio-
vascular device trials, which have 67% male participation. 
The most significant barriers limiting clinical 
participation are race, age, and sex of partici-pants: 
1. Women and minority patients are more 
difficult to recruit. 
2. Women and minority physicians have 
less experience and are relatively more costly to engage. 
3. Minority patients with limited English pro-
ficiency can require costly translation services. 
Physicians are the gateway to the patient. Increasing diversity of those conducting re-
search will have implications on the types of conditions that are researched and the partici-pants in clinical trials that are seeking answers to illnesses like lupus, triple negative breast cancer, and sickle cell disease that can be dif-ficult to detect, treat and cure. 
Certain medical illnesses have been known 
to have higher prevalence in certain demo-graphic groups, including type II diabetes, lupus, sickle cell anemia, and Triple Negative Breast Cancer for which African Americans are more than twice as likely to be diagnosed on average. 
Lupus, triple negative breast cancer and 
sickle cell disease are of particular concern because they are often difficult to diagnose and disproportionately impact persons of color and especially women. 
In particular, Lupus is a chronic, complex 
and prevalent autoimmune disease that affects more than 1.5 million Americans. Yet, Lupus is one of America’s least recognized major dis-eases. 
More than 90% of lupus sufferers are 
women, mostly young women between the ages of 15 to 44, and women of color are two to three times more at risk for lupus than Cau-casians. 
Triple negative breast cancer also dis-
proportionately impacts younger women, Afri-can American women, Hispanic/Latina women, and women with a ‘‘BRCA
1genetic mutation, 
which is prevalent in Jewish women. 
More than 30% of all breast cancer diag-
noses in African American are of the triple negative variety, and African American women are far more susceptible to this dangerous 
subtype than white or Hispanic women. 
Additionally, there are about 2 million people 
that carry the sickle cell trait and with about 100,000 having the disease. 
According to the Centers for Disease Con-
trol and Prevention, sickle cell trait is common among African Americans and occurs in about 1 in 12, and sickle cell disease occurs in about 1 out of every 500 African-American births, compared to about 1 out of every 36,000 Hispanic-American births. 
Treatments for Lupus, triple negative breast 
cancer and sickle cell disease are not pro-gressing as quickly as desired by patients, re-searchers, and policy makers. 
We must support the advancement of legis-
lation that will allow for the remediation and end of health care disparities and the pro-motion of research parity for diseases such as lupus, triple negative breast cancer, sickle cell disease, and countless other rare and serious diseases. 
Race and ethnicity have also been shown to 
affect the effectiveness of and response to certain drugs, such as anti-hypertensive thera-pies in the treatment of hypertension in African Americans and anti-depressants in Hispanics. 
Increased diversity in research trials could 
help researchers find better, more precise ways to fight diseases that disproportionately impact certain populations, and may be impor-tant for the safe and effective use of new therapies. 
As one of the most diverse cities in the 
country, Houston is the 4th largest city in the United States and the 5th most populated metropolitan area in the nation. 
Houston is home to the largest medical 
complex in the world—the Texas Medical Cen-ter, which provides clinical health care, re-search and education at its 54 institutions. 
The University of Houston, ranked number 
three out of all other colleges and universities in Texas, is an example of a premier institu-tion that can produce students with advanced STEM degrees who would be able to join a progressing biomedical field. 
Another important requirement of H.R. 6 is 
that it would require the National Institutes of Health to publically report the number of chil-dren by race and gender who participate in NIH funded clinical trials. 
This legislation would help ensure that chil-
dren of all races are adequately represented in clinical trials and that we can determine the safety and effectiveness of drugs on children of all demographic backgrounds. 
With 10,000 known diseases, 7,000 of 
which are rare, and treatments for only 500 of them—clear there is much work to do. 
Medical research saves lives and improves 
the quality of life for millions of Americans be-cause the government provides a steady and reliable commitment to basic research into cures for debilitating and deadly diseases. 
Given the array of commendable initiatives, 
H.R. 6 is a necessary piece of legislation that will accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of promising new treatments and cures for all patients while investing in our na-tion’s ability to maintain the best and most di-verse biomedical workforce in the world. 
Mr. Chair, I call for the support of all of my 
colleagues in ensuring the passage of the im-portant legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY8.007 E13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1049 July 13, 2015 
CONGRATULATING FESTUS HIGH 
SCHOOL ON ITS BRONZE MEDAL AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Festus High School on its Bronze Medal Award as a top Missouri High School from U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout the past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Festus 
High School for a job well done. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2015 NATIONAL 
CAPITAL ‘‘A CINDERELLA BALL’’ AND THE TENTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE HOUSE, INC. 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the 2015 National Capital ‘‘A Cinderella Ball’’ and the tenth anniversary of The House, Inc. 
Founded in 2005, The House, Inc. is a na-
tionally recognized youth development pro-gram and offers out-of-school programs for pre-teens and teens in the greater Washington metropolitan region. Named by the Catalogue for Philanthropy: Greater Washington as ‘‘One of the Best,’’ The House ensures that our youth are equipped with the knowledge and skills needed to become future leaders. 
The House, Inc. is also the founder of the 
National Capital ‘‘A Cinderella Ball,’’ which has been held annually in Washington, D.C., since 2006. The Ball, which honors military families whose children are affected by a disability or life-threatening illness, provides the oppor-tunity for children who are sometimes side-lined from social events to enjoy a formal event featuring dinner, entertainment, and awards presentation. This is a moving and re-warding evening for these students and their families, and it is entirely organized by teen members of The House, Inc. Student Leader-ship Center. 
This year The House, Inc. Student Leader-
ship Center is honored to have the First Lady of the United States of America, Michelle Obama, serving as Honorary Chair of the Ball. Alongside the First Lady, former Secretary of State, Colin L. Powell and Mrs. Alma J. Powell are recognized as 2015 Honorary Committee Members. Washington Redskin quarterback, Robert Griffin III, whose parents both served in the United States Army, will be a featured speaker, and entertainment will be provided by Grammy Award-winning R&B recording artist, dance music entertainer and actor, Chris Brown. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating the National Capital Area ‘‘A Cinderella Ball’’ and the tenth anniversary of The House, Inc. I thank the Student Leader-ship Center for its tireless efforts on behalf of teens in our community and its dedication to 
creating brighter futures for the youth of Prince William County, Virginia. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RILEY WEEHLER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Mr. Riley Weehler for winning two state championships at the Iowa High School Rodeo state finals on June 5, 2015. Riley is the son of Neil and Jill Weehler from Maloy, Iowa. 
Riley placed first in tie down calf roping and 
partnered with Payden Dawnson from Mary-ville, MO to capture the team roping crown. His win is the culmination of many years of long practices and competitions throughout his high school career. He has qualified for the 67th National Finals Rodeo in Rock Springs, Wyoming on July 12–18. 
Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues in the 
House to join me in congratulating Riley Weehler on a job well done, and wishing him nothing but continued success at the National Rodeo Finals and his future in collegiate rodeo. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID P. ROE 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I was 
unable to vote on July 10, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
Roll Call #431—AYE. Roll Call #432—NO. Roll Call #433—AYE. 
f 
HONORING KEVIN SUTHERLAND 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor a dear friend, Kevin Sutherland, a young man whose always cheerful personality, gentle nature and caring spirit touched all of us who knew him. Kevin was taken from us much, much too soon this past July 4th. 
Kevin Sutherland was born and grew up in 
Trumbull, Connecticut, to Theresa and Doug-las Sutherland. Kevin first caught the political bug when he joined his father collecting peti-tion signatures door-to-door. The early political exposure proved to have a powerful effect on Kevin. He became involved in local Con-necticut politics and quickly embraced the im-portance and value of personally engaging in public service. 
At just the age of 15, Kevin further honed 
his political skills by working in Congressman Jim Himes’ 2008 and 2010 congressional campaigns in Bridgeport, Connecticut up until his graduation from Trumbull High School in 2009. Following his passion for political activ-ism, Kevin attended American University in 
Washington, D.C., the epicenter of political ac-tion. 
At American University, Kevin was active in 
student government and served as Student Government Secretary for two years. In addi-tion, Kevin discovered his passion and talent for communications and design. He applied his time and talents politically by serving as the Communications Director of the American University College Democrats and also served as the New Media Coordinator for the Ken-nedy Political Union. 
After graduating from American University in 
2013, Kevin took his passion for politics and began working professionally with the Lone Star Project, a Democratic political research and communications organization. Kevin’s hard work and talent for graphic design then led him to New Blue Interactive, where he could apply his political passion and experi-ence to many Democratic candidates and causes. 
Kevin’s love and gift for graphic design and 
photography filled his spare time as well. Kevin embraced living in Washington, D.C. by capturing the sights and sounds of our beau-tiful Capital city. When traveling to other places, Kevin would return with the essence of his travels captured visually. He graciously shared his work and, in doing so, not only showcased his talent but let us all share in the joy of his experience. It is a gift he gave with-out knowing and one that we will always cher-ish just as we cherish knowing this wonderful young man. 
In honor and remembrance of Kevin Suther-
land, whose warm and kind heart touched many lives, I submit this statement. 
f 
CONGRATULATING HERMANN HIGH 
SCHOOL ON ITS BRONZE MEDAL AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Hermann High School on its Bronze Medal Award as a top Missouri High School from U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout the past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Hermann 
High School for a job well done. 
f 
HUMBLE ISD NAMED WINNER OF 
H-E-B EXCELLENCE IN EDU-CATION AWARDS PROGRAM 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Humble 
Independent School District (ISD) was named the 2015 Large District winner of the H-E-B Excellence in Education Awards program. H- E-B is a state-wide grocery chain in Texas. 
Humble ISD competed alongside six large 
districts statewide to win the cash prize of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JY8.007 E13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1050 July 13, 2015 
$100,000 and the title of 2015 H-E-B Large 
District Winner. 
The H-E-B Excellence in Education Award 
recognizes the outstanding teachers, prin-cipals, and students of Humble ISD. 
Humble ISD has announced that they will 
dedicate the $100,000 award to innovative education grants which are awarded to teach-ers through the Humble ISD Education Foun-dation. As a former teacher, and husband and father of teachers, I understand the hard work it takes to achieve such an honor. 
Congratulations to the outstanding students 
and teachers of Humble ISD. The people of the Humble and Houston community are fortu-nate to have such a school district. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
2015 INSTALLATION OF OFFICERS 
FOR THE EASTERN PRINCE WIL-LIAM COUNTY DISABLED AMER-ICAN VETERANS CHAPTER 48 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the 2015 installation of officers for the Eastern Prince William County Disabled Amer-ican Veterans Chapter 48. Surrounded by the Pentagon, U.S. Army Garrison Fort Belvoir, and the Marine Corps Base Quantico, Chapter 48 plays a vital role in the lives of the more than 50,000 veterans and active duty service members residing in Prince William County. 
It is with great honor I submit the names of 
the following Chapter 48 Officers: 
Commander—Ron Burgess Senior Vice Commander—Ben Petrone Junior Vice Commander—Darin Dsouza Treasurer—Tim Perry Chaplain—Kristi Pappas Established by Congressional charter over 
90 years ago, the DAV serves as an organiza-tion of veterans dedicated to ensuring the gen-eral well being of disabled military veterans of the United States Armed Forces and their families. Operating independently of federal funding, the DAV Organization consists of more than 1900 local chapters and 1.2 million members. Whether it be assistance with filing disability compensation claims or transpor-tation assistance to ensure the safe transport of wounded or ill veterans to their medical ap-pointments, the DAV is readily available for veterans in need. 
While a new executive board has been 
elected, the mission of Chapter 48 remains in alignment with that of the national DAV: ‘‘em-powering veterans to lead high-quality lives with respect and dignity.’’ Over the past 30 years, Chapter 48 has donated over $200,000 to the Hunter Holmes McGuire Veterans Ad-ministration Medical Center in Richmond to ensure access to a full range of benefits for veterans and their families as well as public education programs on the sacrifices and needs of veterans as they transition back into civilian life. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleague join 
me in recognizing the men and women of the Eastern Prince William Court Disabled Amer-ican Veterans Chapter 48 for their service to our country and steadfast commitment to their fellow heroes of the Armed Services. RECOGNIZING LIBBY ARY, BEN 
HEISERMAN, JUSTINE SANDERS, LAUREL TEAL AND FIONA WICHT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Libby Ary, Ben Heiserman, Justine Sanders, Laurel Teal and Fiona Wicht for their hard work and dedication to the people of Colorado’s Sixth District as interns in my Washington, DC office for the summer of the 114th Congress, First Session. 
The work of these young men and women 
has been exemplary and I know they all have bright futures. They served as tour guides, interacted with constituents, and learned a great deal about our nation’s legislative proc-ess. I was glad to be able to offer this edu-cational opportunity to these five and look for-ward to seeing them build their careers in pub-lic service. 
All five of our interns have made plans to 
continue their education in Colorado and throughout the United States. I am certain they will succeed in their new roles and wish them all the best in their future endeavors. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Libby Ary, Ben Heiserman, Justine Sanders, Laurel Teal and Fiona Wicht for their service this summer. 
f 
HONORING SIMON LOWES 
HON. DEVIN NUNES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Simon Lowes, of California’s 11th District, upon the occasion of his retirement from Chevron. 
After graduating with a Bachelor’s Degree in 
Chemical Engineering from the University of Birmingham in England, Simon began his 48- year career at Chevron in 1967 working as a process engineer at the Richmond Chevron Refinery. After subsequently earning a Mas-ter’s Degree in Finance at the University of Pennsylvania, Simon continued to build an im-pressive resume, holding over 15 challenging positions over the next four decades in Indo-nesia, Nigeria, the Ivory Coast, Singapore, the United Kingdom, and the United States. 
Among Simon’s most noted accomplish-
ments was his leadership in developing Chev-ron’s Angola Partnership Initiative. Following a 27-year civil war that ravaged Angola’s econ-omy, Simon helped to design a social invest-ment initiative to rebuild local capacity and stimulate economic recovery. Due in large part to his efforts, in partnership with the U.S. Agency for International Development, Chev-ron’s unprecedented $25 million commitment to this effort helped over 2 million people re- establish food security. 
Simon was also instrumental in launching 
the Chevron Aceh Recovery Initiative, which assisted victims of the 2004 tsunami in Indo-nesia. Through a series of micro-finance pro-grams and the establishment of a polytechnic institute, this program provided job training and livelihoods to thousands of distressed In-donesians. In recent years, Simon has drawn on his ex-
tensive overseas experience to help lead Chevron’s Corporate Social Responsibility strategy. As a result of this project and his many other endeavors, Simon’s colleagues within Chevron and the development commu-nity have come to know him as a passionate innovator, a trusted and loyal mentor and, above all, an eternal optimist. 
Simon leaves Chevron with the respect, ad-
miration and gratitude of those who have had the pleasure of working with him, and the knowledge that he has positively impacted not only Chevron, but thousands of people around the world. 
I would also like to recognize Simon’s de-
voted wife, Shirley, and their three accom-plished children, Aubrey, Chris and Ashley. Together, they built a family-focused life filled with new adventures, embracing each oppor-tunity with curiosity and enthusiasm. 
We extend our appreciation for a job well 
done, and wish Simon a well-deserved retire-ment. 
f 
CONGRATULATING OSAGE HIGH 
SCHOOL FOR ITS BRONZE MEDAL AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Osage High School on its Bronze Medal Award as a top Missouri High School from U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout the past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Osage 
High School for a job well done. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE UNITED 
STATES BOWLING CONGRESS 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
take this opportunity to congratulate the United States Bowling Congress, headquartered in the 33rd Congressional District, in Arlington, Texas which I have the privilege of rep-resenting for leading the International Bowling Campus Youth Development Initiative and being the winner of the 2015 Sports Teach Respect Initiative Values and Excellence (STRIVE) Organization of the Year. 
On Tuesday, July 14, Representatives of 
the U.S. Bowling Congress will be in the na-tion’s capital to accept the STRIVE award as part of the National Youth Sports Week activi-ties being hosted by the National Council of Youth Sports (NCYS) along with various fun sports related participation stations and youth sports participants. 
Each year the NCYS recognizes five finalist 
organizations that meet the ‘‘kids first’’ ap-proach. Nominations are submitted by the public nationwide and each team is accessed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JY8.011 E13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1051 July 13, 2015 
on how well they implement best practices 
and policies that protect kids and promote safety. The five finalist organizations are listed on the NCYS website for voting by the public. The STRIVE Award is then presented to orga-nizations that exhibit heartfelt passion and dedication to helping kids succeed in sports, while maintaining a commitment to safety pro-cedures. The STRIVE award recipient re-ceives a $5,000 donation. 
Comprised of numerous representatives in 
the youth sports industry, NCYS was founded in 1979, and its membership represents more than 200 organizations/corporations serving 60,000,000 registered participants in orga-nized youth sports programs. NCYS is the largest known organization in America rep-resenting the youth sports industry, and its members include organizations such as, the American Association of Cheerleading Coach-es and Administrators (Cheer Safe), American Legion Baseball, American Youth Soccer Or-ganization, Jewish Community Centers Asso-ciation of North America, YMCA of America, Pop Warner, Special Olympics North America, and U.S. Tennis Association. 
International Bowling Campus Youth Devel-
opment is a joint effort of the United States Bowling Congress (USBC) and Bowling Pro-prietors Association of America (BPAA). It is the largest organization serving youth bowling (145,000 youth bowlers last season) that sup-ports a ladder-based development system de-signed for the growth of the athlete. Since the inception of the U.S. Bowling Congress’ SMART program, more than $6 million schol-arships have been awarded nationally to youth bowlers through organized league and tour-nament competition. They also collaborate with external amateur athletic organizations to protect the amateur status of student-athletes within bowling, as well as other sports. 
I commend the International Bowling Cam-
pus Youth Development and the U.S. Bowling Congress on this wonderful achievement and their work in Arlington and around the country, as well as the National Council of Youth Sports on the work it does as the go-to source for youth sports and safety programs. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RECIPIENTS OF 
THE 2015 PRINCE WILLIAM COUN-TY HUMAN RIGHTS COMMISSION AWARDS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the recipients of the 2015 Prince Wil-liam County Human Rights Commission Awards. 
The Prince William Board of County Super-
visors (BOCS) implemented the Human Rights Ordinance January 15, 1993, formally estab-lishing the Human Rights Commission. Two years prior, the BOCS formed the Human Rights Study Committee to explore the needs of a community that was growing in population and diversity. An exhaustive effort that in-cluded numerous committee meetings and public hearings identified a strong community desire for a human rights ordinance and an agency to enforce it. The Human Rights Ordi-nance prohibits discriminatory practices based on race, color, sex, national origin, religion, 
marital status, or disability, as well as in the consideration of employment, housing, public accommodations, education, and credit, in Prince William County. 
The BOCS approved the ordinance in Sep-
tember 1992 to ensure that ‘‘each citizen is treated fairly, provided equal protection of the law, and equal opportunity to participate in the benefits, rights, and privileges of community life.’’ Residents enlist the services of the com-mission if they feel their rights have been vio-lated in the areas of employment, fair housing, credit, education and public accommodation. 
In celebration of Universal Human Rights 
Day, the Human Rights Commission recog-nizes individuals and organizations that pro-mote the principles of human rights in Prince William County. It is my honor to submit the recipients of the 2015 Prince William County Human Rights Commission Awards: 
Eleana Boyer Albert Brooks Cynthia Brown Victoria Graham Luke Torian, 2nd Delegate Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in commending the recipients of the 2015 Prince William County Human Rights Commis-sion Awards. We owe a deep debt of gratitude to these honorees for their efforts to safeguard our most basic rights and remind us of our common humanity. Let us use their example to rededicate ourselves to the fight against in-equity and injustice. 
f 
HONORING MR. BILL ALTAFFER 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, the people of 
Tucson lost a tremendous presence in our community with the recent passing of Bill Altaffer. An attorney by trade and a humani-tarian at heart, Bill was deeply committed to improving the quality of life in Arizona, across the country and around the world. 
After graduating with honors from Pitzer 
College and earning his law degree from the University of Arizona, he served as associate general counsel to three Indian nations, assist-ing their governments in the interpretation of their constitutions and the enactment of envi-ronmental protection legislation. 
Bill’s affiliations speak volumes about his 
commitment to helping others. He was a member of the Muscular Dystrophy Associa-tion’s (MDA) National Task Force Steering Committee, and a member and past chairman of the Southern Arizona Task Force on Public Awareness. In 1995, he received the MDA’s National Personal Achievement Award, and in 2002, received the Tucson Human Relations Commission’s Rabbi Albert T. Bilgray Make a Difference Award for his lifelong activism for human rights and social change based on the rule of law. 
Bill and his wife, Colette, led the 
groundbreaking effort to enact the Inclusive Home Design Ordinance in Pima County, Ari-zona. This visitability ordinance requires new single-family houses to meet minimum acces-sibility standards, thereby promoting the inde-pendence of people with disabilities. It remains the most progressive legislation of its type in 
the country today. 
It was through this visitability ordinance ef-
fort that I first came to know both Bill and Colette. I immediately admired their commit-ment to their cause, and equally as important, their commitment to each other. The love they shared for each other was an inspiration to anyone who met them. They truly were soul mates, meant to be partners in their lives and in their vision for helping others. 
Together they spent countless hours edu-
cating elected officials and their staffs, home builders, and community members alike about the incredibly positive impact that simple alter-ations to home designs can have for individ-uals with disabilities. Their efforts will benefit our community for decades to come. Bill and Colette guided the committee’s efforts in cre-ating and passing a visitability ordinance that propelled Pima County to the forefront of en-suring home accessibility for everyone. Their efforts helped many people remain in their homes, and access the homes of friends and family with little significant costs added to the price of a new home. 
Bill may be gone from our material world, 
but he will remain in the hearts and minds of anyone who was lucky enough to meet him. His life together with Colette is an inspiration to everyone sharing their lifelong commitment to fighting injustice. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,931,284,495.35. We’ve 
added $7,525,054,235,582.27 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SILEX HIGH 
SCHOOL ON ITS BRONZE MEDAL AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Silex High School on its Bronze Medal Award as a top Missouri High School from U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout the past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Silex 
High School for a job well done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JY8.014 E13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1052 July 13, 2015 
RECOGNIZING THE 25TH PASTORAL 
ANNIVERSARY OF PASTOR CHARLES ARTHUR LUNDY OF EBENEZER BAPTIST CHURCH IN WOODBRIDGE, VIRGINIA 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the 25th Pastoral Anniversary of Pastor Charles Arthur Lundy of Ebenezer Baptist Church in Woodbridge, Virginia. 
Pastor Lundy has had a distinguished pas-
toral career. His spiritual journey began at the young age of 13, when he was baptized at the Wayland Baptist Church in Baltimore, Mary-land, under Reverend W.W. Payne. In Feb-ruary of 1981, Pastor Lundy received the dis-tinction of becoming a deacon. Three years later, he was licensed by Star Bethlehem Mis-sionary Baptist Church in Triangle, Virginia, under the tutelage of Reverend Doctor Fred-erick S. Jones. Pastor Lundy was ordained a Gospel Minister in August of 1987 and served as director of Christian Education for Star Bethlehem. 
On June 23, 1990, Pastor Lundy was called 
to preside over Ebenezer Baptist Church in Occoquan, Virginia. His first sermon was titled, ‘‘Stay in the Ship’’ and established ‘‘putting the family back together’’ as his pastoral focus. Since 1990, the congregation has grown from 120 to over 800, and the Church is known as a place of comfort and guidance. Dedicated to maintaining a welcoming place to worship, Pastor Lundy continues to lead worship serv-ices in the Church’s Family Life Center while a new, larger sanctuary is being constructed. The Family Life Center was dedicated in 2000, and Pastor Lundy effectively supervised that project while simultaneously earning a Masters of Divinity from Samuel DeWitt Proctor School of Theology at Virginia Union University, grad-uating Magna Cum Laude. To accommodate the evolving needs of his congregation, Pastor Lundy maintains a commitment to education; on May 9, 2015, Pastor Lundy received his Doctorate of Ministry Degree. 
Pastor Lundy retired from the United States 
Marine Corps, after serving 26 years and ris-ing to the rank of Major. Further showcasing his commitment to service, Pastor Lundy is a past-Parliamentarian for the Northern Virginia Baptist Association. He is the past-Chairman of the Nominating Committee and a former member of the Commission on Evangelism. He served as Assistant Secretary for the Northern Virginia Minister’s Conference and as a former member of United Way for the Na-tional Capital Area. In 2009, Pastor Lundy was elected as President of the Samuel DeWitt Proctor School of Theology Alumni Associa-tion, and this year he received an Honorary Doctorate of Divinity Degree from Richmond Virginia Seminary. 
He is married to the former Jacquelyn Hin-
ton McWhite. They are the proud parents of five daughters and two sons, and grand-parents of nine grandsons and two grand-daughters. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating Pastor Charles Arthur Lundy on his 25 years of service to Ebenezer Baptist Church. Pastor Lundy remains devoted to the mission and vision of the Church and expand-
ing the ministry’s reach into the community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WILL-GRUNDY 
MEDICAL CLINIC 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Will-Grundy Medical Clinic in Jo-liet, Illinois, as it celebrates the one-year anni-versary of its Wellness Program. 
For more than three decades, the Will- 
Grundy Medical Clinic has helped those in need receive the medical care they deserve. Through partnerships with local charities, hos-pitals, businesses and individuals, the Will- Grundy Medical Clinic has offered free med-ical and dental service to thousands of pa-tients in our community. 
Last year, the Will-Grundy Medical Clinic 
launched the Wellness Program to encourage overall health in our area. Through this pro-gram, the volunteer medical and dental profes-sionals not only treat patients, but also offer educational opportunities to promote healthy lifestyles. The Wellness Program features classes on basic physical fitness, nutrition, and how to cook healthy, well-rounded meals on any budget. 
I would like to congratulate the Will-Grundy 
Medical Clinic on the one-year anniversary of its Wellness program and thank the staff and volunteers who work so hard to ensure that our community is a stronger, healthier place to raise a family. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 60TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE OPTIMISTS CLUB OF GREATER VIENNA 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the 60th Anniversary of the Optimist Club of Greater Vienna and to thank its mem-bers for their service to our community. 
The Optimist Club of Greater Vienna was 
chartered by Optimist International on June 21, 1955. For sixty years the Optimist Club of Greater Vienna has served its mission, ‘‘to bring out the best in kids’’ and lived up to the Optimist International motto by being the ‘‘Friend of Youth’’ in our community. 
This Club has served the youth of the Vi-
enna community in numerous ways, including providing thousands of dollars in scholarships each year to local students through the Carol Waite Brennan Awards, the T.R. Cook Youth of Excellence Awards, the Communication Contest for Deaf and Hard of Hearing stu-dents; essay and other oratorical contests, and vocational scholarships. 
The Club raises tens of thousands of dollars 
each year in support of pediatric cancer pa-tients and research through the Walk and Family Fun Day for Growing Hope. Recog-nizing that it is never too early to serve one’s community, the Club promotes community 
service in elementary school students with the Helping Hands Awards. This emphasis on op-portunities for youth to serve and lead con-tinues with Octagon and Junior Optimist Clubs at local schools. 
The annual Charles A. Robinson Respect 
for Law Awards fosters positive relations be-tween the community and local law enforce-ment. Annual Christmas tree sales and other fundraisers support youth athletic teams, as well as academic, science and arts clubs at area schools. Club members dedicate hun-dreds of hours each year volunteering for youth-related activities, such as Special Olym-pics, Alternative House, Ethics Day, the Vi-enna Community Center Halloween Party, and more. 
The Optimists have also contributed greatly 
to Vienna’s community life by operating the Vi-enna Saturday Farmers Market since 2006, providing not only a marketplace for local, fresh, and healthy foods, but also a meeting place for Vienna residents. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating the Optimist Club of Greater Vienna on its 60th Anniversary of service to the Vienna community and thanking its count-less volunteers and supporters for helping to bring out the best in our kids. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BEDFORD 
COMMUNITY SCHOOL DISTRICT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Bedford Community School District for receiving the Employer Support Freedom Award. 
The Freedom Award is the highest recogni-
tion given by the Department of Defense to employers for their support of National Guard and Reserve members. Almost half of the U.S. Military is made up of National Guard and Re-serve members, many of whom also hold jobs with civilian employers. The Freedom Award recognizes those employers that provide the most outstanding support for the Citizen War-riors. 
I applaud and congratulate Bedford Commu-
nity School District for earning this prestigious award. I am proud to represent them in the U.S. Congress and I know that my colleagues join me in congratulating the school and wish-ing them nothing but continued success in the future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID P. ROE 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I was 
unable to vote on the afternoon of July 9, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
Roll Call #427—NO Roll Call #428—AYE Roll Call #429—YEA Roll Call #430—AYE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY8.023 E13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1053 July 13, 2015 
CONGRATULATING ST. ELIZABETH 
HIGH SCHOOL ON ITS BRONZE MEDAL AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating St. Elizabeth High School on its Bronze Medal Award as a top Missouri High School from U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout the past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing St. Eliza-
beth High School for a job well done. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SPECIAL 
OLYMPICS 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the significance of the Spe-cial Olympics which has established strong and lasting competitive bonds worldwide while simultaneously teaching the world that all peo-ple, regardless of their personal struggles, possess the same courage and profound joy in the face of athletic competition. 
The Special Olympics has dedicated itself to 
empowering individuals with intellectual dis-abilities to become physically fit, productive, and respected members of society through physical education and sport competition. 
The origins of this important institution 
began in the 1950’s when Eunice Kennedy Shriver witnessed how children and young adults with intellectual disabilities were being treated by their communities, throughout our country with incredible disrespect. 
As her vision slowly came to reality, she 
began to hold special summer camps for young adults with disabilities in her own back- yard. 
Throughout the 1960’s, Eunice Kennedy 
Shriver continued as the influential voice which assisted in shaping President John F. Kennedy’s White House panel on people with intellectual disabilities. 
Through her unwavering support and avoca-
tion for our youth with intellectual disabilities to be no longer viewed as less than a full mem-ber of our society with nothing to provide, Eu-nice Kennedy Shriver created the first Special Olympics that were held on July 20, 1968 in Chicago, Illinois. 
At the first Special Olympics, thousands of 
participants with a variety of intellectual dis-abilities from 26 U.S. states and Canada com-peted in track and field, swimming and floor hockey. 
These young Americans came to prove they 
could compete despite their disability. 
It is one thing to overcome obstacles to 
compete in sports recreationally but it takes a genuine drive for excellence to succeed in an arena that was once thought impossible for those with intellectual disabilities. 
From that first Special Olympics competition 
in 1968, this organization began to gain the at-tention of the world as well as expand the 
sport competitions at the games. 
On February 5, 1977 the games marked the 
first International Special Olympics Winter Games, which was held in Steamboat Springs, Colorado. 
The Special Olympics continued to enhance 
the original mission of the organization through the creation of programs aimed at providing healthcare services to Special Olym-pics athletes worldwide. 
This organization attracted bipartisan sup-
port in 2004, when President George W. Bush signed the ‘‘Special Olympics Sport and Em-powerment Act.’’ 
That piece of bipartisan legislation gave $15 
million every year for five years to Special Olympics programs allowing them to continue their important work. 
In February of 2012 the National Basketball 
Association and Special Olympics, held the first annual NBA Cares Unified Sports Basket-ball game in Houston, Texas, which allowed Special Olympic athletes to compete alongside professional athletes. 
To think that a small summer day camp for 
intellectually challenged children and adults could evolve into a world-wide organization, is a testament to the lasting vision of Eunice Kennedy Shriver, its founder, and the commit-ment of volunteers, such as the 40,000 from Texas, to fulfill her dream. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize the 
Special Olympics along with the progress this important organization has made towards teaching the world those individuals with intel-lectual disabilities accept the same challenges as anyone else to compete and win. 
f 
25TH ANNUAL MARTIN LUTHER 
KING, JR. YOUTH ORATORICAL CONTEST HOSTED BY THE PRINCE WILLIAM ALUMNAE CHAPTER OF DELTA SIGMA THETA SORORITY, INC. 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the 25th Annual Martin Luther King, Jr. Youth Oratorical Contest hosted by the Prince William Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. and its education foundation. 
We must continue the fortitude of those who 
came before us as we gather to commemo-rate the 50th Anniversary of the Voting Rights Act. The Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. left an indelible mark on our nation in his pur-suit of civil rights through civil dialogue. De-spite the violence perpetrated against Dr. King and other leaders of the Civil Rights Move-ment, Dr. King responded with reverent ora-tory and nonviolent resistance to condemn the injustice of social inequality. His legacy is one of tolerance and steadfast commitment to prin-cipled and peaceful communication. 
Contestants in the MLK Youth Oratorical 
Contest pay tribute to Dr. King’s legacy with their ability to exercise the strength of the spo-ken word. This skill will serve them well as they seize future leadership opportunities and forge the personal relationships necessary for effective community engagement and orga-nizing. I congratulate and applaud the following 
contestants in the 25th Annual Martin Luther King, Jr. Youth Oratorical Contest: 
MIDDLE SCHOOL CONTESTANTS  
Zoree Jones—Ronald Reagan Middle 
School 
Ayesha Khurseed—Graham Park Middle 
School 
Ksanet Mehari—Stonewall Middle School 
HIGH SCHOOL CONTESTANTS  
Jacob Gonzalez—Thomas Jefferson High 
School 
Denzel Goodlin—Potomac High School Norman Jones—Stonewall Jackson High 
School 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in commending the Delta Sigma Theta So-rority, Inc. for recognizing the benefit that Dr. King’s teachings bring to the development of our youth. We lay the foundations of a more tolerant society when we nurture the ability to engage and communicate with one another in a way that respects our common humanity. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on 
Friday, July 10, I missed a series of Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘NAY’’ on #431 and #432 and ‘‘YEA’’ on #433. 
f 
THE TEXANS OF WWI 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we are 
quickly approaching the 100th anniversary of the United States’ entrance into World War One; A war in which Texans played a critical role. 
From the fields of Flanders and trenches of 
France, to the towns of Germany and bases on the home front, 200,000 Texans proudly served in the Armed Forces during the First World War, between 1917 and 1919; They went to a land they had never been and died for people they did not know. 
5,000 Texans gave their lives. Boys who grew up on farms in Texas sud-
denly became men as they found themselves in the muddy, rainy, and bloody trenches an ocean away. 
Life in the trenches was hard. Men were 
constantly bombarded with artillery and ma-chine gun fire. And they often faced the dan-ger of going over the trenches and crossing no man’s land, trying to repel the enemy forces attempting the same. 
In the midst of battle and in the face of the 
enemy, some men displayed tremendous gal-lantry and were awarded medals for their ac-tions. 
Four of the brave souls awarded the Con-
gressional Medal of Honor for their actions were from the great State of Texas. 
Daniel R. Edwards, born in Mooreville, 
Texas, was a Private First Class in the U.S. Army on July 18, 1918. His citation reads that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JY8.011 E13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1054 July 13, 2015 
on that day near Soissons, France ‘‘. . . he 
crawled alone into an enemy trench for the purpose of capturing or killing enemy soldiers . . . He killed 4 of the men and took the re-maining 4 men prisoners.’’ While taking them to the rear, an artillery shell shattered one of Edwards’ legs. For his actions that day, Pfc. Edwards received the Medal of Honor. 
David E. Hayden was born in Florence, 
Texas. He served as a Hospital Apprentice First Class in the U.S. Navy serving with the Marines. On September 15th, 1918, near Thiaucourt, France his brave actions earned him the Medal of Honor. His citation reads, ‘‘During the advance, when [his comrade in arms] was mortally wounded while crossing an open field swept by machinegun fire, Hayden unhesitatingly ran to his assistance and, find-ing him so severely wounded as to require im-mediate attention, disregarded his own per-sonal safety to dress the wound under intense machinegun fire, and then carried the wound-ed man back to a place of safety.’’ 
Samuel M. Sampler was born in Decatur, 
Texas. On October 8, 1918, near St. Etienne, France, the young U.S. Army Corporal be-came the third Texan in WWI to earn the Medal of Honor. When his company suffered severe casualties during an advance under machinegun fire, ‘‘Cpl. Sampler detected the position of the enemy machineguns . . . Armed with German handgrenades, which he had picked up, he left the line and rushed for-ward in the face of heavy fire until he was near the hostile nest, where he grenaded the position. His third grenade landed among the enemy, killing 2, silencing the machineguns, and causing the surrender of 28 Germans, who he sent to the rear as prisoners. As a re-sult of his act the company was immediately enabled to resume the advance.’’ 
These three Texans who earned the Medal 
of Honor were among the ones who survived the war. 
A fourth Texan also earned the Medal of 
Honor during WWI, but gave his life during the actions for which he earned the medal post-humously. 
David B. Barkley, of Hispanic descent, was 
born in 1899 in Laredo, Texas. His father was in the U.S. Army and his mother was a Mexi-can-American native of South Texas. 
David enlisted in the Army before his 18th 
birthday. Not long after, he was sent to the frontlines in France. On November 9, 1918, Private Barkley’s actions went above and be-yond the call of duty. 
His Medal of Honor citation reads: ‘‘When information was desired as to the 
enemy’s position on the opposite side of the Meuse River, Pvt. Barkley, with another sol-dier, volunteered without hesitation and swam the river to reconnoiter the exact location. He succeeded in reaching the opposite bank, de-spite the evident determination of the enemy to prevent a crossing. Having obtained his in-formation, he again entered the water for his return, but before his goal was reached, he was seized with cramps and drowned.’’ 
David Barkley’s body was not returned 
home until 1921. His body was laid in state at the Alamo, ‘‘The Cradle of Texas Freedom,’’ making him the second person to ever receive that honor, and then buried in San Antonio National Cemetery. 
His brave actions were acknowledged at 
home and abroad. He received medals from France and Italy; an elementary school in San Antonio was named in his honor; and, in 1941, 
Camp Barkley, a WWII Army installation, was named after him. 
In 1989, the Army recognized Private Bar-
kley as the first Hispanic Medal of Honor re-cipient. 
Private Barkley, and the other Medal of 
Honor recipients from Texas, proudly served their state and country during the First World War, and they will forever be remembered for their brave actions. 
100 years later we still remember the Texas 
boys of WWI, those that served and returned, those that served and returned with the wounds of war, and those that served and did not return. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
CONGRATULATING FRANCIS HOW-
ELL NORTH HIGH SCHOOL FOR ITS PLACEMENT IN THE TOP 25 MISSOURI RANKED HIGH SCHOOLS 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Francis Howell North High School for its placement in the top 25 Missouri high schools as ranked by U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing 
Francis Howell North High School for a job well done. 
f 
2015 PRINCE WILLIAM CHAMBER 
SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to commend the Education and Innovation Committee of the Prince William Chamber and to recognize the scholastic achievements of the 2015 Prince William Chamber Scholarship Program winners. Focused on educating the workforce of today and tomorrow, the Prince William Chamber seeks to highlight the talents and achievements of high school seniors who have demonstrated a commitment to both aca-demic success and community involvement. This year’s scholarship recipients are nothing short of exceptional and for that I wish to rec-ognize the following individuals: 
Matthew Critchley, Forest Park High School Casey Peschka, Woodbridge Senior High 
School 
Ann Stapor, C.D. Hylton High School Matthew Critchley is a lifelong resident of 
Dumfries, Virginia. Given his deep roots in the community, Matthew has expressed a par-ticular interest in the history and legacy of the Town of Dumfries. Currently he serves on the town’s Parks and Recreation Commission and volunteers at the Weems-Botts Museum where he researches family genealogy, coordi-
nates special events, and participates in Civil War reenactments. Matthew is a diligent stu-dent and boasts a superior academic record. Upon graduation from Forest Park High School, Matthew will be the first in his family to go to college. He will attend Virginia Com-monwealth University in the fall, majoring in Criminal Justice. 
Casey Peschka attends Woodbridge Senior 
High School and is a member of the Ad-vanced Placement Scholars, National Honor Society, Viking Norsemen Community Service Club, and Student Activities Council. He serves as the Editor-in-Chief of the school newspaper, The Valkyrie, and as Team Cap-tain of the Varsity Boys’ Lacrosse Team. One of Casey’s most notable achievements is serv-ing as co-founder of ‘‘El Fuego’’ or ‘‘The Fire,’’ a recreational soccer team that raises funds for ACTS to help combat hunger and poverty in the local community. In college, Casey will major in Biology and Organic Chemistry and plans to pursue a career in medicine as an Oncologist. 
Anna Stapor will graduate as valedictorian 
from C.D. Hylton High School in June. Anna’s teachers characterize her as an ‘‘exception among the exceptional.’’ With an extensive list of academic achievements, Anna won First Place in the Prince William Youth Salute and was named an Advanced Placement Scholar with Distinction. She is a member of the Na-tional Honor Society and the French Honor Society, and is also a recipient of the Presi-dents Volunteer Service Award. Throughout her high school career, Anna has participated in a number of clubs and organizations; among them, Virginia Girls State, National Council on Youth Leadership, Prince William Model United Nations, and AIU High School Diplomats. Anna was the Captain of Hylton’s Varsity Field Hockey and Lacrosse Team, re-ceiving the following honors: Most Valuable Player, The Coaches Award, and Honorable Mention for All Conference Field Hockey De-fender. In the fall, Anna will attend Virginia Tech and major in Industrial Design to design products to benefit poverty-stricken commu-nities. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in commending the 2015 Prince William Chamber Scholarship recipients for their achievements both in and out of the class-room and in thanking the Prince William Chamber of Commerce for their support of educational excellence. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EMILY GRAVLIN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Miss Emily Gravlin of Creston, Iowa, for winning a State Championship at the Iowa High School Rodeo State Finals on June 5th, 2015. Emily is the daughter of Michelle and Wayne Han-son and David Gravlin Sr. 
Emily placed first in barrel racing after a 
successful season at various rodeos through-out Iowa. Her victory is the culmination of many years of hard work, training, and com-peting. She has qualified for the 67th National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JY8.022 E13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1055 July 13, 2015 
Finals Rodeo in Rock Springs, Wyoming on 
July 12th–18th. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor and privilege to 
represent dedicated Iowans like Emily in the U.S. House of Representatives. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in con-gratulating Emily for a great season, and wish-ing her nothing but continued success as she competes at the National Rodeo Finals this week and in all her future endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING WRIGHT CITY 
HIGH SCHOOL ON ITS BRONZE MEDAL AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Wright City High School on its Bronze Medal Award as a top Missouri High School from U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout the past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Wright 
City High School for a job well done. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE TEACHERS OF 
PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY PUB-LIC SCHOOLS GAINING CERTIFI-CATION FROM THE NATIONAL BOARD FOR PROFESSIONAL TEACHING STANDARDS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the Prince William County Public School Division teachers who recently re-ceived certification from the National Board for Professional Teaching Standards. The Na-tional Board is an independent nonprofit orga-nization governed by classroom teachers, school administrators, school board leaders, governors and state legislators, higher edu-cation officials, teacher union leaders, and business and community leaders. 
The teachers have met the standards estab-
lished by the National Board, and have under-gone a rigorous application process that re-quired they demonstrate the knowledge, skills and accomplishments that comprise teaching excellence. A Board Certified teacher supports a vision of teaching based on the following five core principles: 
Teachers are committed to students and 
their learning; 
Teachers know the subjects they teach and 
how to teach those subjects to students; 
Teachers are responsible for managing and 
monitoring student learning; 
Teachers think systematically about their 
practice and learn from experience; and 
Teachers are members of learning commu-
nities. 
I would like to extend my personal congratu-
lations to the following National Board Cer-tified Teachers for receiving their respective certifications. Maureen Artist, Montclair Elementary School 
Dina Baird-Berberoglu, Samuel L. Gravely 
Elementary School 
Shawn Baugh, Triangle Elementary School Cynthia Brown, Montclair Elementary School Jennifer Carter, Minnieville Elementary 
School 
Allyson Davis, Marsteller Middle School Deborah Ellis, Minnieville Elementary 
School 
Megan Hostutler, Patriot High School Heather Mainwaring, Montclair Elementary 
School 
Franki Miller, Old Bridge Elementary School Kathryn Miller, Dale City Elementary School Michael Neall, Student Learning Joanne Ortiz, Marumsco Hills Elementary 
School 
Kimberly Papandrea, Special Education Matthew Ragghianti, Osbourn Park High 
School 
Kelly Riley, Swans Creek Elementary 
School 
Barbara Rohr, West Gate Elementary 
School 
Lori Sterne, Stonewall Jackson High School Lydia Stewart, Osbourn Park High School Wendee Sukanovich, Montclair Elementary 
School 
Rebecca Utter, Battlefield High School Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in commending these teachers for their commitment to education and professional de-velopment. The Prince William County Public School Division delivers a world class edu-cation due to the tireless efforts of teachers who make excellence the standard. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MRS. ALEAN 
ANDERTON BROCK ON THE OCCA-SION OF HER 66TH BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION 
HON. ALMA S. ADAMS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to one of North Carolina’s most de-serving citizens, and a very special con-stituent, Mrs. Alean Anderton Brock. I applaud Mrs. Brock on several significant fronts, first and foremost as the dedicated and nurturing mother of Charlotte’s own Olympian Boxer, Calvin Brock. Equally worthy of mentioning, Mr. Speaker, is Alean Brock’s redefinition of courage which she exhibited throughout her battle as a two-time breast cancer survivor. During her former years, Alean attended Eliza-beth City State University and was crowned their Homecoming Queens. Alean is compas-sionate and kind and imparts words of encour-agement to everyone whom she meets; as a result, Alean has earned the ‘‘most favorite’’ person status among her family and friends who are spread across the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, all who love and admire Alean 
Brock for her courage, determination, stead-fastness and compassion, thought it would be appropriate to honor and pay tribute on the occasion of her 66th birthday. 
Over the years, Mrs. Brock has exhibited 
unwavering courage, determination and has remained steadfast during her bouts with breast cancer. Those persons who are most familiar with Alean Brock will support the claim that cancer never had a fighting chance with 
her. Cancer was no match because Alean knew the rules of the boxing game; after all, it was her son, Calvin’s childhood dream to become the heavyweight boxing champion of the world. The main characters in Calvin’s ad-venturous dream were constant, grounded and made many sacrifices. Those characters in-cluded Alean Brock, Calvin’s father, Calvance Brock who doubled as Calvin’s coach through-out his boxing career, and his precious sister Alexis. 
Alean Brock fought the cancer like a cham-
pion and with all steadfastness continued to encourage Calvin to pursue his dream. Along the way, Calvin achieved the honor as Na-tional Golden Gloves Heavyweight Champion in 1998; and in 1999 with Alean standing tall, bruised by her cancer, but never defeated, Calvin won the U.S. Amateur Championship at 201 pounds. Alean, Calvance and Alexis cheered Calvin on to Sydney Australia where he participated as an U.S. Olympics Boxing Team Member during the 2000 Olympics. With strength and determination borrowed from his mom’s playbook as she continued her battle with cancer, Calvin went forward to fight his first well-known opponent, Clifford Etienne, one of Mike Tyson’s opponents whom Calvin defeated by round 3 TKO on January 21, 2005. Alean reached deep and found the zeal to cheer Calvin on to win the title of IBF World Title Challenger in 2006. Still continuing to throw knock out punches at her cancer, Alean dug down deep to find strength, but never wavered when she learned that Calvin would be forced into early retirement after suffering an injury that caused damage to the retinal in his right eye. 
Mr. Speaker, it is fitting that on July 18, 
2015 family and friends will gather from all across the United States to pay tribute to Alean Brock, including her mother and father, Rebecca and Clinton Anderton, her daughter, Alexis Brock and the apples of her eye, her two grandchildren Jizelle and Brycen along with their parents Calvin and Yolanda Brock. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to rise 
and join me in paying tribute to Alean Anderton Brock, the picture of unwavering courage, determination and compassion that we all should strive to emulate. 
f 
PATRICIA APY: AMERICAN BAR 
ASSOCIATION’S 2015 GRASSROOTS ADVOCACY AWARD WINNER 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
am pleased to call attention today to the great work and humanitarian achievements accom-plished by Patricia Apy, who recently received the American Bar Association’s 2015 Grass-roots Advocacy Award. 
A partner at Paras, Apy and Reiss, P.C. in 
Red Bank, New Jersey, Ms. Apy was selected for this extraordinary honor by the Board of Governors of the 400,000 member ABA—for her ‘‘outstanding support of legal protection and assistance to members of the military.’’ 
In announcing the award, the ABA noted 
that Ms. Apy is ‘‘recognized as one of the na-tion’s leading experts in family law’’ who has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JY8.023 E13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1056 July 13, 2015 
‘‘focused her career on the needs of military 
families, serving as a teacher, advocate, lec-turer, consultant and commentator on the 
complexities of international family law.’’ The ABA also cited the countless pro bono hours, Ms. Apy has dedicated on Capitol Hill and at the New Jersey state legislature. They high-lighted her equally effective advocacy on be-half of victims of international parental child abduction. 
I first met Patricia Apy ‘‘Tricia’’ when she 
was serving as the lead American attorney for David Goldman, a New Jersey resident who fought five years for the return of his son Sean who was abducted by David’s ex-wife to Brazil. Tricia delivered expert advice and counsel in David’s long, arduous, but ulti-mately successful case. 
As the chairman of the subcommittee that 
oversees human rights, I authored legislation to help bring an end to David and Sean’s nightmare and I held—and continue to hold— Congressional hearings to ensure that other Americans are spared this pain. Tricia Apy has provided comprehensive, world-class testi-mony and analysis on the myriad of problems left behind parents face. Her insights were key as we drafted, the Sean and David Goldman International Child Abduction and Prevention and Return Act (The Goldman Act—PL 113– 150), my law to help prevent international pa-rental child abduction and secure the return of those children who have been abducted and remain separated from their left behind parent. 
At the ABA award ceremony in her honor— 
hosted at the U.S. Supreme Court—Patricia Apy paid special tribute to the inspiration she draws from her parents, Joseph and Gloria McHale. Having served our Nation valiantly, decorated WW II hero Joseph McHale died at a young age in a VA hospital leaving Gloria to raise three children including Tricia who was only nine at the time. She credits their love and hard work with her success and it is with great pleasure that I share with my colleagues her moving comments and acceptance speech. 
Patricia Apy, American Bar Association’s 
2015 Grassroots Advocacy Award Winner: ‘‘Freedom, Justice, Liberty . . . without Lawyers they’re just words . . .’’ Nearly 20 years ago this was the theme of the Amer-ican Bar Association annual meeting. At the time, we were accused of hyperbole, I don’t believe that anyone would accuse us of hy-perbole today. I am a member of an associa-tion of 400,000 professional advocates, to be distinguished in that number is a remark-able honor, and I am humbled by this rec-ognition. I wish to express my appreciation to the Governmental Affairs Office and the Board of Governors of the ABA. 
I believe that real advocacy, is evidence of 
what inspires you, the experiences you share and the opportunities you have had. I am a person of faith, and my faith informs me that nothing happens to us by accident. Which is why I should not have been sur-prised to find myself the newest liaison to the Standing Committee on Legal Assistance for Military Personnel for exactly one month on September 11, 2001. On that day, I went (as my brother Michael has coined it) from being a ‘‘mere lawyer’’ to a ‘‘protector of he-roes’’. I like that moniker, understanding that it is one I can only aspire to. 
I am so proud of the work that has been ac-
complished by the LAMP committee during my tenure on it, and by my colleagues, many of whom are in this room who have shared that laboring oar. The LAMP committee is chaired by General Officers, they are all spectacular lawyers and American heroes. 
But the three men with whom I worked most closely, the incomparable Gen Earl Ander-son, Brig Gen David Hague and my own ‘‘true north’’ Rear Adm. John Jenkins, former T–Jag of the Navy, taught me so much more than how to be a great advocate. They taught me about duty and honor, in doing so. 
My opportunities for public advocacy, 
whether on behalf of the United States at the Hague, or consulting with or for our warfighters at the Pentagon, or on behalf of disenfranchised and marginalized women at the UN and the White House, or with my hand in the air testifying before the Con-gress have in large measure been opportuni-ties afforded me because of my affiliation with the ABA. The people with whom I have worked, whether in the military, diplomacy or governance have typically devoted their personal and professional lives to the service of their country, usually in anonymity. I don’t know why anyone would do so in this age of cynicism and partisanship. But they do, and we should all be proud and deeply grateful for the continued commitment to justice that ABA has afforded. 
On the wall of my home hangs the Silver 
Star, and two Bronze Stars, the second with Oak leaf cluster in lieu of a third Bronze Star. My father died in a VA hospital when I was nine years old. I was raised and edu-cated by the heroic efforts my mother, Glo-ria McHale, in extraordinarily modest means. It is not lost on me, how very im-probable it is to be standing here in the Su-preme Court of the United States, as the child of a deceased war veteran. I thank my husband David Apy, my family, my law part-ners and longtime paralegal, and many col-leagues and friends in accepting this na-tional recognition. My experience, my inspi-ration and my faith serve as the motivation for my advocacy. 
I have closed each and every one of the 
over one thousand hours of continuing legal education that I have conducted with and for our military lawyers exactly the same way, never wanting any of them to go into harm’s way without knowing for certain and for sure, that on behalf of my family we know that we sleep in peace at night only, due to their service and sacrifice. For that, and for this honor . . . I remain profoundly grateful. 
f 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes: 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to H.R. 5, the so-called Student Success Act, which should really be called the Letting Our Students Down Act. 
Instead of making much needed improve-
ments to the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act (ESEA), H.R. 5 would weaken crit-ical federal protections for our most vulner-able—including students of color, students with disabilities, low-income students, English- language learners (ELL), migrant students and LGBT students. It would gut our nation’s edu-cation funding by foolishly locking in Fiscal 
Year (FY) 2015 funding levels for the next 6 years—with no exceptions to adjust for infla-tion. 
H.R. 5 would also divert critical Title I funds 
away from the highest poverty schools and districts—undermining our nation’s commit-ment to ensuring that all students—regardless of their zip code or where they were born— should have equal access to high-quality edu-cation. 
This is outrageous and it is wrong. Simply put, H.R. 5 undermines our promise 
to students that they will have equal access to high-quality education. 
So let’s defeat this egregious bill and work 
to reauthorize ESEA that will reinvest in our future, help close the achievement gap, and prepare our students for a 21st Century work-force. 
I urge my colleagues to vote NO on H.R. 5. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-
mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, July 
14, 2015 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JULY 15 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Kristen Marie Kulinowski, of New York, to be a Member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investiga-tion Board for a term of five years, and Gregory Guy Nadeau, of Maine, to be Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Trans-portation. 
SD–406 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the Con-
sumer Financial Protection Bureau’s semi-annual report to Congress. 
SD–538 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Business meeting to consider S. 1732, to 
authorize elements of the Department of Transportation. 
SR–253 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine securing the 
border, focusing on understanding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JY8.032 E13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1057 July 13, 2015 
threats and strategies for the maritime 
border. 
SD–342 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
juvenile justice in Indian Country, fo-cusing on challenges and promising strategies. 
SD–628 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine diabetes re-
search, focusing on improving lives on the path to a cure. 
SD–G50 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, 
Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security 
To hold hearings to examine the govern-
ance and integrity of international soc-cer. 
SR–253 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, 
Transnational Crime, Civilian Secu-rity, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues 
To hold hearings to examine United 
States policy towards Haiti prior to the elections; to be immediately fol-lowed by a full committee hearing to examine the nominations of Perry L. Holloway, of South Carolina, to be Am-bassador to the Co-operative Republic of Guyana, Laura Farnsworth Dogu, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Nicaragua, and Roberta S. Jacobson, of Maryland, to be Ambas-sador to the United Mexican States. 
SD–419 
Joint Economic Committee 
To hold hearings to examine what lower 
labor force participation rates tell us about work opportunities and incen-tives. 
SD–562 JULY 16 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine pending 
Forest Service and forestry related bills. 
SR–328A 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine 
HealthCare.gov controls. 
SD–215 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine human 
rights around the world, focusing on corruption, Global Magnitsky, and modern slavery. 
SD–419 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider S. 1169, to 
reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and S. 1599, to provide anti- retaliation protections for antitrust whistleblowers. 
SD–226 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health 
Policy 
To hold hearings to examine wildlife 
poaching. 
SD–419 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine the Office of 
Information and Regulatory Affairs’s role in the regulatory process. 
SD–342 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the semi-
annual monetary policy report to Con-gress. 
SD–538 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SH–219 2:45 p.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, 
and Mining 
To hold hearings to examine S. 132, to 
improve timber management on Or-egon and California Railroad and Coos Bay Wagon Road grant land, S. 326, to amend the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 to provide cancellation ceilings for stewardship end result con-tracting projects, and S. 1691, to expe-dite and prioritize forest management activities to achieve ecosystem res-toration objectives. 
SD–366 
JULY 21 
10 a.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Administration’s immigration en-forcement policies. 
SD–226 
JULY 22 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine safe-
guarding the integrity of Indian gam-ing. 
SH–216 
AUGUST 4 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the back- 
end of the nuclear fuel cycle and re-lated legislation, including S. 854, to establish a new organization to manage nuclear waste, provide a consensual process for siting nuclear waste facili-ties, ensure adequate funding for man-aging nuclear waste. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M13JY8.000 E13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D813 Monday, July 13, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4987–S5019 
Measures Introduced: Five bills and one resolution 
were introduced, as follows: S. 1749–1753, and S. Res. 222.
                                                                        Page S5008 
Measures Considered: 
Every Child Achieves Act—Agreement: Senate re-
sumed consideration of S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                             Pages S4994–S5002 
Adopted: 
By a unanimous vote of 89 yeas (Vote No. 231), 
Alexander (for Hatch/Markey) Amendment No. 2080 (to Amendment No. 2089), to establish a com-mittee on student privacy policy.
                      Page S4998 
Murray (for Kaine) Amendment No. 2118 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to amend the State account-ability system under section 1113(b)(3) regarding the measures used to ensure that students are ready to enter postsecondary education or the workforce 
without the need for postsecondary remediation. 
                                                                            Pages S4994, S4998 
Pending: 
Alexander/Murray Amendment No. 2089, in the 
nature of a substitute.                                              Page S4994 
Murray (for Peters) Amendment No. 2095 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to allow local educational agencies to use parent and family engagement funds for financial literacy activities.
                            Page S4994 
Murray (for Warren/Gardner) Amendment No. 
2120 (to Amendment No. 2089), to amend section 1111(d) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 regarding the cross-tabulation of stu-dent data.
                                                                       Page S4994 
Alexander (for Kirk) Amendment No. 2161 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to ensure that States meas-ure and report on indicators of student access to crit-ical educational resources and identify disparities in such resources.
                                                             Page S4994 
Alexander (for Scott) Amendment No. 2132 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to expand opportunity by allowing Title I funds to follow low-income chil-
dren.                                                                                  Page S4994 
Murray (for Franken) Amendment No. 2093 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to end discrimination based on actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools.
                                     Page S4994 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
Alexander/Murray Amendment No. 2089 (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Wednesday, July 15, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S5002 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of Alex-ander/Murray Amendment No. 2089.
            Page S5002 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, July 14, 2015; and the filing deadline for first-degree amendments be at 2:30 p.m.
                                                           Page S5018 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
John Maeda, of Massachusetts, to be a Member of 
the National Council on the Arts for a term expiring September 3, 2016. 
Matthew Rhett Jeppson, of Florida, to be Director 
of the Mint for a term of five years. 
Anthony Rosario Coscia, of New Jersey, to be a 
Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years. 
Derek Tai-Ching Kan, of California, to be a Di-
rector of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years. 
Andrew Miller Slavitt, of Minnesota, to be Ad-
ministrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. 
Mary Katherine Wakefield, of North Dakota, to 
be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
                                                                                            Page S5019 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S5004–05 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S5005 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S5005 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JY5.REC D13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D814 July 13, 2015 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S5005–07 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S5007–08 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5009–10 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5010–11 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5003–04 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S5011–18 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S5018 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—231)                                                                 Page S4998 Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-
journed at 7:08 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, July 14, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5019.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3033–3047; and 1 resolution, H. Con. Res. 61 were introduced.
                               Pages H5116–17 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5117–18 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 2898, to provide drought relief in the State 
of California, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–197, Part 1); and Revised Sub-allocation of Budget Allocations for Fiscal Year 2016 (H. Rept. 114–198).
                                                Page H5116 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Emmer (MN) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H5091 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:23 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H5093 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:11 p.m. and recon-
vened at 4 p.m.                                                           Page H5095 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Small Business Investment Company Capital 
Act of 2015: H.R. 1023, to amend the Small Busi-
ness Investment Act of 1958 to provide for increased limitations on leverage for multiple licenses under common control;
                                                Pages H5095–96 
Superstorm Sandy Relief Act of 2015: H.R. 208, 
amended, to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to establish a program to make loans to certain businesses, homeowners, and renters affected by Superstorm Sandy;
    Pages H5096–99 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To im-
prove the disaster assistance programs of the Small Business Administration.’’.
                                   Page H5099 Microloan Modernization Act of 2015: H.R. 
2670, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan program; 
                                                                             Pages H5099–S5101 
Veterans Entrepreneurship Act of 2015: H.R. 
2499, amended, to amend the Small Business Act to increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs, and to help create jobs, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 
410 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 434; 
                                                                Pages H5101–02, H5104–05 
Economic Development Through Tribal Land 
Exchange Act: H.R. 387, to provide for certain land 
to be taken into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mission Indians; and
                      Pages H5103–04 
Designating the facility of the United States 
Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Office Building’’: S. 179, to des-
ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Min-nesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Of-fice Building’’.
                                                    Pages H5105–07 
Supplemental Report: Agreed that the Committee 
on Natural Resources be authorized to file a supple-mental report on H.R. 2898, to provide drought re-lief in the State of California.
                              Page H5105 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:03 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:30 p.m.                                                    Page H5104 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H5095. 
Senate Referrals: S. 143 and S. 1180 were held at 
the desk. S. 1359 was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
                                          Page H5095 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JY5.REC D13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D815 July 13, 2015 
Quorum Calls— Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on pages H5104–05. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 8:39 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
JULY 14, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
the nominations of General Paul J. Selva, USAF, to be Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and General Darren W. McDew, USAF, to be commander of the U.S. Transportation Command, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness, to hold hearings to examine unlocking the cures for Amer-ica’s most deadly diseases, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold an 
oversight hearing to examine islanded energy systems, fo-cusing on energy and infrastructure challenges and oppor-tunities in Alaska, Hawaii and the United States Terri-tories, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: to hold 
hearings to examine challenges and opportunities for small businesses engaged in energy development and en-ergy intensive manufacturing, 2:30 p.m., SR–428A. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture , Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 1599, the ‘‘Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations , Full Committee, markup on 
the Homeland Security Appropriations Bill for FY 2016, 10:15 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy And Commerce , Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Pipe-line Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 and Related Issues’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Medicare Part D: Measures Needed to Strength-en Program Integrity’’, 10 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Fed Oversight: Lack of Transparency and Accountability’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Implications of a Nuclear Agreement with Iran: Part II’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging 
Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘The European Union’s Future’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Tunisia’s Fragile Democratic Transi-tion’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security , Subcommittee on Bor-
der and Maritime Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Securing the Maritime Border: The Future of CBP Air and Marine’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protec-
tion, and Security Technologies; and Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Weapons of Mass Destruction: Bolstering DHS to Combat Persistent Threats to Amer-ica’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on The Judiciary , Full Committee, hearing en-
titled ‘‘Oversight of the United States Department of Homeland Security’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources , Subcommittee on Energy 
and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘The Funda-mental Role of Safe Seismic Surveying in OCS Energy Exploration and Development’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Long-worth. 
Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 
2270, the ‘‘Billy Frank Jr. Tell Your Story Act’’; and a discussion draft of the ‘‘Lake Tahoe Restoration Act of 2015’’, 10:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Criminal Justice Reform, Part I’’, 9:45 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules , Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
2898, the ‘‘Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , Subcommittee 
on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing Commer-cial Weather Data: Collaborative Efforts to Improve Fore-casts, Part II’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs , Subcommittee on Health, 
hearing on H.R. 272, the ‘‘Medal of Honor Priority Care Act’’; H.R. 353, the ‘‘Veterans’ Access to Hearing Health Act of 2015’’; H.R. 359, the ‘‘Veterans Dog Training Therapy Act’’; H.R. 421, the ‘‘Classified Veterans Access to Care Act’’; H.R. 423, the ‘‘Newborn Care Improve-ment Act’’; H.R. 1356, the ‘‘Women Veterans Access to Quality Care Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1688, to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to designate 20 graduate medical education residency po-sitions specifically for the study of optometry; H.R. 1862, the ‘‘Veterans’ Credit Protection Act’’; H.R. 2464, the ‘‘Demanding Accountability for Veterans Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2914, the ‘‘Build a Better VA Act’’; H.R. 2915, the ‘‘Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act’’; H.R. 3016, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veterans Affairs; and draft legislation to authorize VA major medical facility construction projects for FY 2015 and to make certain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JY5.REC D13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D816 July 13, 2015 
improvements in the administration of VA medical facil-
ity construction projects, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of July 14 through July 17, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , Senate will continue consideration of 
S. 1177, Every Child Achieves Act. The filing dead-line for first-degree amendments is at 2:30 p.m. 
On Wednesday , Senate will vote on the motion to 
invoke cloture on Alexander/Murray Amendment No. 2089 to S. 1177, Every Child Achieves Act. Upon disposition of Alexander/Murray Amendment No. 2089, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the bill. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: July 16, 
to hold hearings to examine pending Forest Service and forestry related bills, 10 a.m., SR–328A. 
Committee on Armed Services: July 14, to hold hearings 
to examine the nominations of General Paul J. Selva, USAF, to be Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and General Darren W. McDew, USAF, to be com-mander of the U.S. Transportation Command, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: July 
15, to hold hearings to examine the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s semi-annual report to Congress, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
July 16, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
the semiannual monetary policy report to Congress, 2:30 p.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: July 
14, Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitive-ness, to hold hearings to examine unlocking the cures for America’s most deadly diseases, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
July 15, Full Committee, business meeting to consider 
S. 1732, to authorize elements of the Department of Transportation, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
July 15, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Prod-
uct Safety, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine the governance and integrity of international soccer, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: July 14, to 
hold an oversight hearing to examine islanded energy sys-tems, focusing on energy and infrastructure challenges and opportunities in Alaska, Hawaii and the United States Territories, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
July 16, Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and 
Mining, to hold hearings to examine S. 132, to improve timber management on Oregon and California Railroad and Coos Bay Wagon Road grant land, S. 326, to amend the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 to provide cancellation ceilings for stewardship end result con-
tracting projects, and S. 1691, to expedite and prioritize forest management activities to achieve ecosystem restora-
tion objectives, 2:45 p.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: July 15, to 
hold hearings to examine the nominations of Kristen Marie Kulinowski, of New York, to be a Member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board for a term of five years, and Gregory Guy Nadeau, of Maine, to be Administrator of the Federal Highway Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: July 16, to hold hearings to ex-
amine HealthCare.gov controls, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: July 15, Subcommittee 
on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Wom-en’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine United States policy towards Haiti prior to the elections; to be imme-diately followed by a full committee hearing to examine the nominations of Perry L. Holloway, of South Carolina, to be Ambassador to the Co-operative Republic of Guy-ana, Laura Farnsworth Dogu, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Nicaragua, and Roberta S. Jacobson, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the United Mexican States, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
July 16, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
human rights around the world, focusing on corruption, Global Magnitsky, and modern slavery, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
July 16, Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health 
Policy, to hold hearings to examine wildlife poaching, 2 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
July 15, to hold hearings to examine securing the border, focusing on understanding threats and strategies for the maritime border, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
July 16, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-
eral Management, to hold hearings to examine the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs’s role in the regu-latory process, 2 p.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: July 15, to hold an over-
sight hearing to examine juvenile justice in Indian Coun-try, focusing on challenges and promising strategies, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: July 16, business meeting to 
consider S. 1169, to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and S. 1599, to provide anti-retaliation protections for antitrust whistleblowers, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: July 14, 
to hold hearings to examine challenges and opportunities for small businesses engaged in energy development and energy intensive manufacturing, 2:30 p.m., SR–428A. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: July 14, to hold closed 
hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
July 16, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
Special Committee on Aging: July 15, to hold hearings to 
examine diabetes research, focusing on improving lives on the path to a cure, 2:15 p.m., SD–G50. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JY5.REC D13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D817 July 13, 2015 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, July 15, Full Committee, hear-
ing on recognizing the continuing contributions of the 1890s Land-Grant Universities on the 125th Anniversary of the passage of the Second Morrill Act, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
July 15, Subcommittee on Nutrition, hearing entitled 
‘‘Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: Developing and Using Evidence-Based Solutions’’, 1:30 p.m., 1300 Long-worth. 
Committee on Financial Services, July 15, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, July 15, Subcommittee on 
Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Economic and Military Alliances in Asia’’, 1 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
July 16, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific; and 
Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the U.S.-China Civil Nuclear Cooperation Agreement’’, 9 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
July 16, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, 
Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Goldman Act to Return Abducted American Children: Ensuring Accurate Numbers and Ad-ministration Action’’, 10 a.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, July 15, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Rise of Radicalization: Is the U.S. Government Failing to Counter International and Domestic Terrorism?’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
July 15, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2899, the 
‘‘Countering Violent Extremism Act of 2015’’, 11 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
July 16, Subcommittee on Transportation Security, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Federal Air Marshal Service and Its Readiness to Meet the Evolving Threat’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, July 15, Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 1656, the ‘‘Secret Service Improvements Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
July 15, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Com-
mercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Hearing on the Office of Information and Regulatory Af-fairs’’, 3 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, July 15, Subcommittee 
on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Hydraulic Fracturing on Federally Managed Lands’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
July 15, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska 
Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 1028, the ‘‘Return of Certain Lands At Fort Wingate to The Original Inhab-itants Act’’; H.R. 2684, the ‘‘Alabama-Coushatta Tribe of Texas Equal and Fair Opportunity Settlement Act’’; and H.R. 2733, the ‘‘Nevada Native Nations Lands Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, July 15, 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Criminal Justice Re-form, Part II’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
July 15, Subcommittee on Information Technology; 
and Subcommittee on the Interior, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Cybersecurity: The Department of the Interior’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
July 16, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Export-Im-
port Bank: Update’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, July 15, Full 
Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Investigating Contract Mis-conduct at the National Weather Service’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, July 15, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Taking Flight: Small Business Utiliza-tion of Unmanned Aircraft’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, July 15, Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 1994, the ‘‘VA Accountability Act of 2015’’; hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring VA’s Administration of Individual Unemployability Benefits’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, July 15, Subcommittee 
on Human Resources, hearing on welfare reform pro-posals, specifically involving the reauthorization of the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) pro-gram, 10:30 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: July 15, to hold hearings to 
examine what lower labor force participation rates tell us about work opportunities and incentives, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JY5.REC D13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD818 July 13, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, July 14 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of S. 1177, Every Child Achieves Act, with the fil-ing deadline for first-degree amendments at 2:30 p.m. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Tuesday, July 14 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of the following 
measures under suspension of the rules: 1) H.R. 251— Homes for Heroes Act of 2015, 2) H.R. 432—SBIC Ad-visers Relief Act, 3) H.R. 1047—Housing Assistance Ef-ficiency Act, 4) H.R. 1334—Holding Company Registra-tion Threshold Equalization Act of 2015, 5) H.R. 1408—Mortgage Servicing Asset Capital Requirements Act of 2015, 6) H.R. 1529—Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act of 2015, 7) H.R. 1675—Encour-aging Employee Ownership Act of 2015, 8) H.R. 1723— Small Company Simple Registration Act of 2015, 9) H.R. 1847—Swap Data Repository and Clearinghouse Indemnification Correction Act of 2015, 10) H.R. 2064—Improving Access to Capital for Emerging Growth Companies Act, 11) H.R. 2354—Streamlining Excessive and Costly Regulations Review Act, 12) H.R. 2482—Preservation Enhancement and Savings Oppor-tunity Act of 2015, 13) H.R. 2722—Breast Cancer Awareness Commemorative Coin Act, and 14) H.R. 2997—Private Investment in Housing Act of 2015. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Adams, Alma S., N.C., E1055 
Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va. E1041 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1050, E1051 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E1043, E1046, E1049, E1050, 
E1051, E1052, E1052, E1053, E1054, E1055 
Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E1043 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E1047 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E1045 Farr, Sam, Calif., E1043 Foster, Bill, Ill., E1052 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1053 
Grijalva, Rau ´l M., Ariz., E1051 
Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E1041 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1043 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1044, E1047, E1053 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E1044 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1056 
Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1041, E1043, E1045, E1049, 
E1049, E1050, E1051, E1053, E1054, E1055 
Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1044 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1047 Nunes, Devin, Calif., E1050 
Pitts, Joseph R., Pa., E1046 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1049, E1053 Roe, David P., Tenn., E1049, E1052 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1041 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E1046 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1042, E1055 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E1049, E1050 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1041 Young, David, Iowa, E1049, E1052, E1054 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13JY5.REC D13JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST