Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3323 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, SUNDAY, MAY 31, 2015 No. 85 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, June 1, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
Senate 
SUNDAY , MAY31, 2015 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. O God, our rock and our fortress, 
thank You for guiding our lives. With-out the unfolding of Your loving provi-dence, we would miss life’s music. Lord, You have set our feet on solid ground and delivered us from our en-emies. You have kept us from sorrow and sighing for we trust You in life’s storms. 
Today, empower our lawmakers to be 
instruments of Your will. Remind them that their times are in Your hands as You save them in Your steadfast love. Give them serenity to accept what they cannot change and courage to change what they can. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
majority leader is recognized. REMEMBERING BEAU BIDEN 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
will have more to say about the Senate business before the Senate later, but at this time I wish to express my sincere condolences to the entire Biden family in their moment of such deep and pro-found loss. 
Beau Biden was known to many as a 
dedicated public servant, a loving fa-ther of two, and a devoted partner to the woman he loved, Hallie. 
I have known the Vice President for 
many years, and it is hard to think of anything more important to him than his faith and his family. I hope he will find comfort in the former as he grieves such a terrible loss. 
The Senate offers its Presiding Offi-
cer and every member of his family our prayers and our sympathy. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the time until 5 p.m. be equally divided in the usual form and that the Senate recess at 5 p.m. subject to the call of the Chair. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With-
out objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
minority leader is recognized. 
f 
REMEMBERING BEAU BIDEN 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I join in my 
feelings about the J OEBIDEN family. I was saddened beyond words to hear of 
the passing of Beau. He was such a fine young man. He was a devoted husband, father, son, a dedicated servant to the people of Delaware, and a faithful, hon-orable veteran of the United States, having served in the Middle East in Iraq. 
I, of course, extend all of the sym-
pathy I am capable of extending to his family during this very difficult time. Beau left us far too soon. He was only 46 years old, but I am certain his fam-ily will take solace in knowing he lived a selfless, noble life. 
To my friend J
OEBIDEN, whom I 
served with in Congress for so many years, I extend my deepest thoughts and condolences to you, J
OE. 
There is a song ‘‘Man of Constant 
Sorrow’’ that certainly, if that ever ap-plied to someone, it would be our friend J
OEBIDEN. Not having been sworn in to 
the Senate, he experienced the tragic loss of his wife and little girl. Then, as to his two sons, Beau and Hunter, he spent time on a train going back and forth to Delaware virtually every night so he could take care of those two fine young men until he was fortunate enough to meet Jill Biden, his beau-tiful wife. 
I am very sorry J
OEhas had to go 
through this terrible ordeal now of los-ing a son after having lost a daughter. 
But, I repeat, there is no question 
that Delaware is a better place because of Beau, our country is a better place because of Beau, and the world is bet-ter place because of Beau Biden. 
I, and the entire Senate family, as 
Senator M
CCONNELL has indicated, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.000 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3324 May 31, 2015 
send our deepest condolences as they 
grieve during this tragic time. 
f 
NATIONAL SECURITY 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, we are here 
facing yet another manufactured crisis with the vitally important PATRIOT Act provision set to expire in a matter of hours. In fact, we have less than 8 hours before the expiration of this crit-ical national security program. That is what we are faced with. 
Tonight’s deadline is certainly no 
surprise. As the junior Senator from Utah, a Republican, noted: ‘‘We’ve known for four years that this deadline was approaching.’’ 
Like so many other occasions in 
which brinksmanship has pushed the Senate and our Nation to the precipice, the dilemma we now face was com-pletely avoidable. The job of the leader is to have a plan. In this case, it is clear the majority leader simply didn’t have a plan. The majority leader had 5 months to introduce a bill from com-mittee that would reform and extend the expiring PATRIOT Act provisions, but instead he bypassed the commit-tees altogether and brought this to the floor unilaterally, with no committee hearing—none. 
The majority leader recently said no 
more rule XIVs, but that pledge has not lasted very long, has it. The major-ity leader had, I repeat, 5 months. 
In fact, my friend, the ranking mem-
ber of the Judiciary Committee and a dean of the Senate, said this could have passed so easily in the last 2 years. The majority leader had 5 months during the time he has been the majority lead-er to coordinate with the House, which passed FISA reform weeks ago, but in-stead he went it alone. 
In fact, it is as if the House and Sen-
ate Republican leaders appear to be on different pages. Everyone saw this coming. Weeks ago, it was clear the Senate didn’t have adequate time to consider trade legislation, surveillance legislation, and, of course, the highway bill before the Memorial Day recess. I said that and others said that. 
Listen to what one Republican Con-
gressman said. His name is R
EID 
RIBBLE . 
He could have handled it better by being 
more prepared in advance for it. They ran out the clock basically by working on trade first; he probably should have ran the clock out on [surveillance] instead. I don’t know what his strategy is here. I’m a little bit flummoxed. 
I say to my friend, Congressman 
RIBBLE , that he is not the only one who 
is flummoxed; so are we. 
The Senate majority leader set up a 
collision course with no plan on how to resolve it. It seems the only plan the majority leader had on FISA was to jam it through last Friday night; this, despite the fact that an overwhelming majority of House Members oppose an extension, the President opposes an ex-tension, and a dozen Senate Repub-licans oppose an extension and so voted 
last Friday. 
Is it any wonder, then, that even the 
majority leader’s own Republican Sen-ators felt it necessary to take matters into their own hands? 
The majority leader was also caught 
off guard by a Member of his own Re-publican conference last week who re-fused to allow the Senate to extend the provisions for a program that the Sec-ond Circuit has determined is illegal. 
But, again, the junior Senator from 
Kentucky did not hide his thoughts. He was on the floor for 10 hours or so. I disagree with the junior Senator from Kentucky, but we are not in the mess today because of the junior Senator of Kentucky; we are in the mess we are today because of the majority leader. 
The majority leader should have seen 
this coming. Everyone else did, even those in his own party. Meanwhile, the Republican leader has repeatedly lec-tured this body as to how it should function, but his actions have helped the Senate to not function. 
We can do without more lectures and 
defiant statements. We can do with more strategy, planning, and open lines of communication because it is the ma-jority leader’s job to have a plan and to prioritize what must get done over what he would like to get done. 
In this case, my friend from Ken-
tucky simply did not have a plan, and that is why we are here staring down the barrel of yet another unnecessary manufactured crisis that threatens our national security. 
We heard what the head of the CIA 
said today on a Sunday show. He said he is afraid something will happen when this act expires. That is not just my assessment of the situation. This is from the head of the CIA. Senate Re-publicans even feel the same way. 
The Republican junior Senator from 
Montana said yesterday: 
We could have done this a week ago. And 
this is the nature of Washington, D.C., al-ways managing by crisis. 
Fortunately, there is a clear way out: 
pass the USA FREEDOM Act, which the House overwhelmingly passed with 338 votes on a totally bipartisan basis. All we need are a few more Republican Senators to vote with Democrats and the bill will pass. Just three, maybe four, maybe five—but a few Senators is all we need to bring this unnecessary crisis to a screaming halt. 
I am confident we can pass this bill if 
the majority leader will bring it to the floor for a fair vote. 
Now, procedurally, it is going to be 
extremely difficult to not have this bill—this law expire. This is not a bill; this is a law that is expiring. Any other course than just passing this bill would require the House to act before mid-night. They are not here, so it is not going to happen. There is not a quorum of House Members, and there are House Members who will object to a unani-mous consent request anyway. 
Passing the USA FREEDOM Act is 
the only way I can foresee where the PATRIOT Act provisions do not expire. 
Now is the time for the majority leader to do what is right for the privacy and security of all Americans. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT OF 2015— 
MOTION TO PROCEED 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2048, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 87, H.R. 
2048, a bill to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the produc-tion of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intel-ligence, counterterrorism, and criminal pur-poses, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
minority leader. 
Mr. LEAHY. I ask, through the 
Chair, if the Democratic leader will yield to me for a comment. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I am happy 
to yield to the Senator for a comment. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I was 
struck by what the Democratic leader said. He laid out the history of this. We are here in a manufactured, unneces-sary crisis. It is a manufactured, un-necessary crisis. 
Last year, by an overwhelming ma-
jority, the Senate voted to make im-provements to the PATRIOT Act. The legislation made reforms to the provi-sions that have now been declared ille-gal. We did that but could not get past a filibuster. We had 58 votes. Normally, you think of 51 votes being enough to pass a bill. The Democratic leader will recall how hard he worked to try to get that bill through. The Republican lead-er said: No, we will wait until next year. Well, next year came. We have wasted so much time. There has not been a single public hearing. There has not been any action on an alternative to the USA FREEDOM Act. 
But, I say to my friend from Nevada, 
he is absolutely right when he says the House passed the USA FREEDOM Act by a 4 to 1 margin. It was an over-whelming vote, Republicans and Demo-crats together, to get rid of the illegal parts of the PATRIOT Act, to pass an improvement. We ought to just take up the USA FREEDOM Act and pass it. 
If we were allowed to have a straight 
up-or-down vote in this body, I guar-antee you, a majority of Senators— both parties—would vote for it. 
So I just wanted to say that while 
the leader was on the floor. 
I now ask for recognition in my own 
right. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.001 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3325 May 31, 2015 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
Senator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, before I 
begin my comments on the USA FREE-DOM Act, I am going to speak for a moment on a personal matter. 
REMEMBERING BEAU BIDEN  
Mr. President, Marcelle and I have 
known Beau Biden since he was a child. I am the longest serving Member of this Senate. When I came here, there was one Senator who was one term sen-ior to me; that was J
OEBIDEN. I knew 
of the tragedy his family had gone through, and I cherished the times, with his office right near mine, when his sons Beau and Hunter would be there with him. I watched them grow up. I saw Beau Biden become the epit-ome of what a State’s attorney general should be. That is a model all attor-neys general throughout the country could have followed. Progressive, wor-ried about improving the law, improv-ing peoples’ lives—he did that. 
I know how much we appreciated it 
when we would see him and Hallie at an event, when Marcelle and I would get a chance to talk with them. It was like picking up a conversation that had ended just a few minutes before. 
I remember one thing especially 
about Beau. I was in Iraq during the war. It was a day when it was well over 100 degrees outside. I was being brought to a place where there was going to be a briefing, being zipped into this building. There were a number of soldiers wearing T-shirts, shorts, and sidearms playing ball outside in this 110-, 120-degree heat. As I went to the door, one of them turned around and gave me a big wave with his arm block-ing his face. I was not sure who it was. I kind of waved back. Pretty soon, he came to the door. It was Beau Biden. I remember we gave each other a big hug. He was there as a captain in the Delaware Reserves. He was decorated for his service. We talked about what he was doing. He was praising the men and women who worked there. Nothing about anything he might be doing; he was praising everybody else. It was such a refreshing moment being with him, and it was so typical of who he was as a person. 
I told him that I have a procedure 
that if I am in another country and I am with our military, that if there are Vermonters there, I always take their names and I ask them if they have fam-ily back home in Vermont. Most of them do. I get their phone number, and as soon as I get back, I call their moth-er or their father, their husband or their wife, brother or sister, whoever it might be, and say: I saw a member of your family; here is what they are doing; they look well, and all that. 
So I told Beau, I said: Look, I have 
known you since you were a youngster. I will call your father as soon as I can and tell him you are behaving yourself, and you are doing a good job. We laughed at that. 
Shortly thereafter, I got on the 
phone we had available to us to go through the Whitehouse switchboard to 
reach the Vice President. Then I start-ed to talk about the procedure I have, and J
OEBIDEN started to laugh. He 
said: I just got an email from Beau that he had seen you there and that I should be expecting a call from you. We talked about what a great job Beau was doing. You could hear the pride in his father’s voice. You could hear his pride. It was a pride that was deserved. 
I remember J
OEsaying, when we 
were first here in the Senate—the two of us—he would be going home every night on the train. Why? Not as much even that the kids needed him, but he needed them. 
Finally, when he met Jill, the boys 
were telling him: You should marry her. 
So I grieve for them. Marcelle and I 
sat there and cried last night when we heard the news. I think, what a won-derful family. I think about a life cut too short—far too short. 
Mr. President, I can and will say 
more later. 
Mr. President, on the matter the dis-
tinguished Democratic leader was talk-ing about, the USA FREEDOM Act, let’s just take it up and pass it. Oppo-nents of this bipartisan, commonsense legislation have run out of excuses. I see this as a manufactured crisis, and it is. This matter should have been taken up and voted on up or down a month ago. There is only one viable and responsible path remaining: Pass the USA FREEDOM Act that passed overwhelmingly in the House of Rep-resentatives. Pass it and send it to the President’s desk and he will sign it. If we do not pass it, then those parts of the PATRIOT Act that most of us agree on are going to expire at mid-night. 
The irony of it is that the USA 
FREEDOM Act of 2015 is a carefully crafted, bipartisan compromise that both protects Americans’ privacy and keeps this country safe. Before they were talking about, we are going to keep the country safe but Americans’ privacy—not so much. This is a bill that does both. 
The legislation would end the NSA’s 
bulk collection of Americans’ phone records. It adds significant new reforms to limit government surveillance. It in-creases transparency and also pro-motes greater accountability and over-sight—something the original PA-TRIOT Act did not have. 
The bill is the product of countless 
hours of painstaking negotiations with key Members—both Republicans and Democrats—in the House and the Sen-ate, men and women I respect so much because they want to do what is best for the country. We have negotiated with the NSA, the FBI, the Justice De-partment, privacy and civil liberties groups, the technology industry, and other key stakeholders. We brought ev-erybody together. When we began, we wondered if that would be possible. We did it. That is why the USA FREEDOM Act has such strong support, including from groups as diverse as the National 
Rifle Association and the Center for American Progress. 
This broad consensus is what we saw 
by the overwhelming support it re-ceived in the House. They passed the USA FREEDOM Act by a vote of 338 to 88. Some in this country say that no branch of government could have a vote that strong to say the Sun rises in the east. Certainly there has been no major piece of legislation in years where we have seen a vote such as that—338 to 88. 
But now a minority in the Senate has 
now twice blocked the USA FREEDOM Act from even getting a debate on the Senate floor. We were sent here not to vote maybe but to vote yes or no. 
Last November, even though we had 
had all kinds of committee hearings on this, we heard complaints that there had not been enough of a committee process on the bill and that the Senate should wait to address Section 215 under the new Republican leadership. So the Republican leader led a success-ful filibuster against a bill which still had a majority of Members in this body voting for it. But what has happened in this Congress? Not a single public hear-ing on this issue; no committee proc-ess. And then last weekend, the Senate was blocked from even debating the House-passed bill and considering amendments. 
Opponents of reform have failed to 
introduce any legislative alternative to the bipartisan USA FREEDOM Act, the bill which reforms many problems of the PATRIOT Act. They have come up with no legislative alternative other than a clean extension, which we know has no chance of becoming law. Of course, it makes no difference because at midnight it stops being the law. 
The time for excuses and inaction 
has passed. The American people and the intelligence community profes-sionals who strive to protect them de-serve better. 
We have a few hours remaining to 
work things out and pass the USA FREEDOM Act, but there is no room for error. There is very little time. Again, I said it is a manufactured cri-sis. The deadline to act is midnight to-night. The House will not return to the Capitol until tomorrow, after the dead-line has passed. We could talk about passing a 100-year extension if we wanted; it makes no difference because the time will have passed. So if the Senate does not pass the House-passed USA FREEDOM Act or if we amend it in any way, the authorities are going to expire. 
I have said repeatedly—and my co-
sponsor of the USA FREEDOM Act, Senator L
EE, agrees with me—that we 
would like to have a debate on our bill and consider amendments. Because op-ponents of reform have run out the clock and jammed the Senate, we are 
not left with very much time. 
Let’s get this done today. If we pass 
the USA FREEDOM Act, the President could sign it tonight and the intel-ligence community could move forward 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.003 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3326 May 31, 2015 
with the certainty it needs to protect 
the American people. 
Some may argue that if you had a 
short-term extension—which, of course, we do not have—they have said: Well, maybe we could work out some kind of a compromise bill. But let there be no misunderstanding: The USA FREEDOM Act is a solid, care-fully negotiated compromise. For all those Senators on either side of the aisle who have not spent the hours and hours and hours, as Senator L
EEand I 
and our staffs have spent, maybe they do not know the work that went into this—again, how you get groups from the left to the right supporting it. 
It would be irresponsible to kick the 
can down the road once again, relying on the false hope that the House will agree to pass a short-term extension— something they said they will not do— and that we will somehow be able to agree on a half-baked alternative that has yet to be introduced in either body and most assuredly would not pass the House. 
So do not be fooled or tempted by the 
promise of a short-term extension. That would guarantee nothing. Well, wait a minute. I take that back. Pass-ing a short-term extension does guar-antee something: It guarantees the ex-piration of these authorities at mid-night tonight. It guarantees more un-certainty, more litigation, more risk for the intelligence community, and a repeat of the chaotic brinksmanship later on down the road with another manufactured crisis. 
I know there are some who worry 
that the bill does not go far enough when it comes to reform. Well, then where were they in coming up with a better idea? If this passes, the USA FREEDOM Act would be the most sig-nificant set of reforms to government surveillance since the PATRIOT Act was enacted. The reason we are here to even debate it is that then-majority leader Dick Armey in the House and I put in sunset provisions. So we will have to show responsibility and vote, as the House did by a 4-to-1 margin. 
Our bill—Senator L
EE’s and my bill— 
would not just end the NSA’s bulk col-lection under Section 215, it would add new transparency and oversight re-forms to other surveillance authorities, and it would be a solid foundation upon which we could build our future reform efforts. 
I have been in the Senate for more 
than 40 years. I have learned that when there is a chance to make real progress, we ought to seize it. But I also know we cannot let this be the end of our fight for greater privacy protec-tions, transparency, and account-ability. I remain committed to fighting that fight on behalf of Vermonters and all Americans. 
So the choices before us this evening 
are clear: Either let these authorities expire completely or pass the USA FREEDOM Act. There is no more time for political maneuvering or fearmongering or scare tactics. It is time for us to do our jobs—to debate 
and then to vote. Don’t duck the vote. Vote up or down on the bill the House gave us. Stand up and be counted ei-ther for or against it. As Senators, let’s have the courage to do that. 
The USA FREEDOM Act is a reason-
able, responsible way forward, and we should pass it tonight. But don’t duck behind not doing anything and pretend that is a solution. I don’t think there is a single American, Republican or Dem-ocrat, who would believe that was a re-sponsible solution. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I am 
back here during an unprecedented Sunday session hoping we can avoid a totally unnecessary disaster tonight; hoping we will do what is right for the country: Pass the USA FREEDOM Act today. Right now. 
I will let others speak to the merits 
of the USA FREEDOM Act. It is our best opportunity to protect the Nation while balancing between privacy and constitutional surveillance. 
I do support reforming the Patriot 
Act, but I do not support unilateral disarmament of our Nation’s need to know what bad guys with predatory in-tent are planning against the United States of America. 
But my comments today are not 
about standing up for the USA FREE-DOM Act. 
I am here to stand up for the men and 
women working for the NSA, FBI, and other intelligence agencies essential to protecting our country against ter-rorist attacks—whether it is a ‘‘lone wolf’’ or state sponsored. These dedi-cated, patriotic intelligence profes-sionals want to operate under rule of law that is constitutional, legal, and authorized. 
They are ready to do their jobs, but 
Congress needs to do our job and pass a bill that is constitutional, legal, and authorized. 
Ever since Edward Snowden made his 
allegations, the men and women of our intelligence agencies have been vilified as if they were the enemy. They thought they were doing their jobs pro-tecting us against the enemy. 
Let me tell you—the men and women 
of the NSA, FBI, and our other intel-ligence agencies are patriots who have been wrongly vilified by those who don’t bother to inform themselves about our national security structures and the vital functions they perform. 
Now a special word about the NSA, 
which is headquartered in my home State of Maryland. The 30,000 men and women in the NSA serve in silence— without public accolades. They protect us from cyber attacks. They protect us against terrorist attacks. They support our warfighters. They are Ph.D.’s and scientists. They are linguists, cyber geeks, and whiz kids—the treasured human capital of this Nation. 
Remember that section 215 is such a 
small aspect of what the NSA, FBI, and other intelligence agencies do as they stand sentry in cyber space stopping attacks. People act like that is all NSA 
does. They haven’t even bothered to educate themselves as to legality and constitutionality. 
Congress passed the Patriot Act. 
President George W. Bush told us it was constitutional. We need good intel-ligence. In a world of ISIL, Nusra Front, and al Qaeda, the NSA is our front line of defense and the people of NSA make up that front line. 
There is no evidence of abuse by NSA 
employees. The men and women of NSA have adhered to the law. They have submitted to oversight, audits, checks and balances, and reviews from Congress and the courts. 
The employees of NSA know that ev-
erything has to be constitutional, legal, and authorized. They thought they were implementing the law, but some in the media and even some in this body have made them feel like they were wrongdoers. I find this infu-riating and insulting. Morale has been devastated at NSA. Families have been harassed for working at the NSA and their kids are bullied at school. 
They have also been devastated by 
actions of their own government. First, by sequester—then, by the government shutdown. Now, by Congress’s failure to reform national security authorities that help them keep our country safe. 
It is wrong. I want people to remem-
ber that tonight as we discuss impor-tant reforms. Let us not let them down, once again, with our own failure to act. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, it is 
greatly disappointing that the Senate is in session today to reconsider a vote we took before the Memorial Day re-cess to extend the three expiring provi-sions of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act. 
Instead of passing the USA FREE-
DOM Act a week ago and sending it to the President, we are now poised to take the measure up this coming week, after the FISA authorities have ex-pired. The result is that our intel-ligence agencies will lose important tools to protect against terrorist at-tacks. This is a self-inflicted harm, and one that was totally unnecessary. 
As I did a week ago, I will vote to in-
voke cloture on the motion to proceed to the USA FREEDOM Act, and I in-tend to vote for the legislation through the upcoming procedural votes. The bill is not perfect, but it extends the business records, lone wolf, and roving wiretap provisions and it institutes some important reforms to FISA. 
Unfortunately, what we have on the 
floor of the Senate tonight is political gamesmanship at its worst. We should have had this debate weeks or months ago, not up against the deadline. Fail-ing that, the majority should not have defeated this motion last week when it is prepared today to pass it. 
We should skip the unnecessary delay 
of voting separately on the motion to proceed, cloture on the bill, and on the bill itself. Clearly there are 60 votes in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.004 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3327 May 31, 2015 
this chamber to pass the USA FREE-
DOM Act, whether we do it today or if we do it next week. 
So the question comes: why not pass 
this bill today, reform the business records provision of FISA, and keep important intelligence authorities in effect? Unfortunately, the answer is that one Senator is holding this proc-ess hostage for his own political ben-efit. It is a travesty, and it is uncon-scionable. 
We remain a nation under threat of 
terrorism. Our allies remain under threat of terrorism. 
This is not hypothetical. The Islamic 
State in Iraq and the Levant—ISIL—is seeking to recruit individuals to con-duct attacks against the United States. Tens of thousands of foreign fighters have entered Iraq and Syria to join ISIL. There are hundreds of people in-side the United States right now that ISIL is seeking to inspire, direct, and assist in carrying out an attack. 
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula— 
AQAP—is developing non-metallic, undetectable bombs for use on U.S. air-liners and is teaching people how to make such devices themselves. These groups are competing to be worst of the worst in international terrorism and they are coming after us. 
We aren’t sending thousands of 
troops to confront ISIL in Iraq and Syria or to stop AQAP in Yemen. We aren’t going to diminish their threats through partnership with local govern-ments. 
The only way we are going to stop at-
tacks against the United States and our people is by collecting good intel-ligence. To me, that means we need to do everything lawful and effective in intelligence to identify and thwart those attacks. 
The roving wiretap provision is im-
portant. It says that the FBI doesn’t have to stop surveillance against a ter-rorist or a foreign spy when he buys a new cell phone or changes his email ac-count. Having to do so in today’s world would be ridiculous. 
The ‘‘lone wolf’’ provision is impor-
tant. To be clear—it hasn’t been used. But to be equally clear, never before have we faced the exact threat that this provision was written to address: the threat of an individual, inside this country, plotting to kill Americans without traveling abroad and training with a terrorist group first. 
The business records provision is im-
portant. It includes both routine re-quests for records—hotel bills, car rentals, travel information—that are regular parts of law enforcement and national security investigations. It also authorizes the NSA’s phone metadata program. Under this provi-sion, the NSA gets information about phone calls to include the numbers on either end of the line, the time, and the duration of the call. It does not include the words that are spoken as part of the phone conversation, the identities of the people involved, or their loca-tion. What it does is help the Intelligence 
Community know more about people for whom there is a ‘‘reasonable articulable suspicion’’ of being tied to terrorist groups. If there is a terrorist in Syria talking to Americans at home, we want to know that. If a phone num-ber, for example, in Garland, TX, is in touch with an ISIL operations chief, we need to know. That information allows the FBI to go to a court for a probable cause warrant to conduct electronic and physical surveillance of a suspect. 
This program is conducted under 
strict oversight and operational limita-tions. The number of people at NSA with access to the data is small—it was 22 in 2013. They have to get approval each time they do a query of the phone records; today that approval comes from the FISA Court. The query only returns information on what numbers were called by, and called, the phone number in question, and then a second hop from that number. There were 288 phone numbers approved for queries in 2012, and those queries led to 12 prob-able cause warrants by the FBI. 
The program is overseen within the 
NSA by multiple officials, including the inspector general and the privacy and civil liberties officer. It is overseen by the Department of Justice, which reviews every single query, and by the Office of the Director of National Intel-ligence. It is overseen by the Intel-ligence and Judiciary Committees of the House and the Senate, and it is overseen for compliance purposes by the FISA Court. 
So these are important tools that, 
because of Senate inaction and recal-citrance, will expire tonight. As a re-sult, we make ourselves more vulner-able. 
I very much regret this situation 
that the Senate has created, and I urge my colleagues to vote for cloture and to quickly enact the USA FREEDOM Act. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
RASSLEY ). The Senator from Indiana 
is recognized. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I also re-
gret that we are where we are. 
REMEMBERING BEAU BIDEN  
I would also like to defer for just a 
moment, before I make my remarks that I came to the floor to make, to add my condolences to Vice President B
IDEN, his wife, and his family. I just 
learned the tragic news this morning. Some may have known that Beau was dealing with a form of cancer. I did not know that. It came as a shock to hear that information. 
Having served with the current Vice 
President in the U.S. Senate and hav-ing gotten to know him and his family, establishing a relationship—a profes-sional relationship as well as a friend-ship—I still cannot begin to com-prehend the grief that comes from the loss of a child. I know there are Mem-bers in this body who have experienced that. I am fortunate that Marsha and I have not experienced that. But any parent’s perhaps deepest fear is that they will outlive their children. That is 
not the natural order of things. It is not how we think. And the grief that comes from the death of a child, the death of a son or a daughter, is truly deep and has significant impact. 
It was impossible not to feel the emo-
tion and shed tears early this morning in our home in Indianapolis when we heard the news. Our condolences and deep sharing of grief that we can’t even begin to fully comprehend because we 
haven’t had to deal with it—all of that comes across. I think every Member of this body reaches out to them with our thoughts and our prayers as they go through this very tragic situation. 
Mr. President, I am a little surprised 
to hear the Senator from Vermont talking about how the Senate ought to just completely concede to whatever the House sends to the Senate. The fact is that we had a very significant dis-cussion and debate on this issue all week before the Memorial Day break and it had gone on for months, if not years, before in the Intelligence Com-mittee on which I serve and among Members generally. 
This is one of the most important 
pieces of legislation we will have to deal with. It was drafted and spawned as a result of 9/11 when the American people said: Are we doing everything we possibly can to prevent something such as this from happening again? 
Congress debated extensively the PA-
TRIOT Act and the tools the intel-ligence community suggested we give them the authority to use to try to prevent that catastrophe from ever happening again and doing everything we could to prevent terrorist attacks. Along the way, there have been modi-fications, and there have been changes. 
Recently, there has been significant 
national debate over whether one of these many essential tools that help us gather the intelligence to try to pre-vent and to understand the nature of the threat should be used. There clear-ly is a difference of opinion among Members here in the Senate and even in the House of Representatives. Yes, the Senate did pass a reform measure that I think is flawed, personally. I think it diminishes—it doesn’t elimi-nate, but it diminishes and some even believe it eliminates the usefulness of this particular program. We went back and forth on that for a significant part of the week before we adjourned. 
The Senator from Vermont comes to 
the floor and basically says: Look, the House passed this; so therefore we ought to just go ahead and pass it. He said there was no other alternative pre-sented, but that is not the case. We had a procedural vote on the House bill, and we had a vote on the bill to extend this program, so we can come spend a little more time to try to figure out how best to deal with this issue. Nei-ther of those passed, indicating that the Senate did not have the same con-sensus the House reached, which was a partial consensus. That is what the Senate is all about. We are not just a rubberstamp for the House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.029 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3328 May 31, 2015 
What is really ironic is the fact that 
for 4 years, under Democratic leader-ship of this Senate, the House, under Republican leadership, sent us hun-dreds of pieces of legislation, and if we followed the admonition to us of the Senator from Vermont, we would have just rubberstamped those. The House passed it, so why wouldn’t we go for-
ward? I don’t think that argument makes a lot of sense. 
Senators are here to address issues in 
the U.S. Senate. Are there many bills the House passes that I agree with? Yes. My party controls the House. Are there bills here that I don’t agree with that they have passed? Yes. We, as Sen-ators, use our prerogative in terms of where we stand, and ultimately we take a vote and we either win or we lose. Sometimes it coordinates with the House of Representatives and other times it doesn’t, so then we go to con-ference and we pass an alternative. But to say there hasn’t been debate relative to this program in the House-passed bill is simply not true. 
Unfortunately, there has been such a 
significant misrepresentation of what this program is and what this program isn’t, and that has caused a lot of angst which we are trying to deal with. Much of the public—at least some portion of the public—is convinced that the gov-ernment is listening to every phone call they make. It has been said on this floor that they are listening to all our phone calls, that they are collecting all kinds of data. They know everything about us. That is the furthest from the point of this program and the oper-ation of this program that we can con-ceive of. Yet, a portion of the public has been led to believe that Big Gov-ernment is in their bedroom, in their house, in their car, in their phone, and tracks them wherever they go; that they are collecting everything about people, including what they buy at Costco and the movies people rent through Netflix. Private industry does collect that kind of stuff, but it is not the government. It is not done under this program. 
As a member of the Intelligence 
Committee, I can tell my colleagues that we have spent hundreds of hours dealing with this program to ensure that it doesn’t violate anyone’s pri-vacy. It has more oversight through all three branches of government. The ex-ecutive branch, the judicial branch, and the legislative branch oversee this program. There are six layers within NSA itself that it has to go through, that attorneys have to look at, that legal experts have to look at before they can even proceed to suspect and then take that suspicion to a court to have a judge say: Yes, you might have something here. 
It has been said and it is true that 
unless a person’s phone number is in communication with a foreign phone number that is at least strongly sus-pected of belonging to a terrorist orga-nization—and ultimately the court has to make that decision—a member of Al Qaeda, ISIS, or some group overseas 
that is attempting to do harm to the United States—why is this particular phone number—not the name of the person who owns the phone number— why is this particular phone number being called by someone in Yemen or being called by what we strongly sus-pect is a foreign operative through ISIS, Al Qaeda, Yemen, or other points where we know terrorist activity is rampant? 
There is a signal that comes up that 
matches phone numbers, and they say: We better look into this. But before they can look into it, it has to be vet-ted by a court. It has to be taken to a FISA Court or an intelligence court and judged by that court as something viable to pursue. At that point, it is similar to what a court would order if there were a warrant to go and find more information to see whether this suspicion actually is reality. 
We read about it every day and we 
watch it on television—‘‘Law and Order’’ and all the shows and so forth— about how law enforcement suspects that this particular activity is a crimi-nal organization or this is a drug house or they have reason to believe the per-petrator of the crime is this individual. They can’t go raiding their house. They can’t go downloading information about them until they go to a court and receive approval from a judge say-ing: Yes, here you are, here is your warrant. You can go and check this out. 
Well, this intelligence program is 
based on the same principle; that is, nobody can collect any information on anybody unless that court approves that operation. Then it is turned over to the FBI, and they look to see if it is the real thing. It is a tool that has been of importance and has been a contribu-tion to our ability to address the po-tential of terrorist threats and to thwart them before they happen. It has always been used as a way of proving the negative; that is, no, this is OK, we don’t need to follow up on this. 
The best example is the Boston 
bombing. When the Tsarnaev brothers’ phone was accessed and it was run against the numbers, there was some suspicion that additional terrorist ac-tivity would take place in New York. It was proven that was not the case be-cause there were no connections made. So it became a valuable tool in that re-gard. Instead of shutting down New York, putting them on a high terrorist alert—perhaps the Nation’s largest economy in operation there—we were able to quickly determine that wasn’t the case. 
In response to those who basically 
say this has never stopped a terrorist attack, two things: No. 1, this is one of the many methods we use to collect the threads of intelligence that come from different sources to try to put to-gether a mosaic or a puzzle as to whether this is something we need to deal with and take seriously. It is a major piece of that puzzle we obtain from the 215 program, which is the col-
lection of phone numbers. We do not collect the names of people who own those numbers. It is the collection of what is called metadata. It has been described as simply the same data that is on our telephone bills that the Su-preme Court has said is not a breach of the Fourth Amendment. It is not privi-
leged for privacy purposes. It shows the date the call was made, the duration of the call, the number that was called, and that is it. And those numbers are put into a system whereby we can check against that a number that sus-piciously is talking to a foreign opera-tive in a foreign country. That then automatically triggers that you better look at this—it is kind of a ping—you better look at this one. Nobody has ac-cess, at this point, to any content re-lated to the name of the individual until it reaches a level of suspicion that is vetted through six layers of oversight and then is sent to a court that looks at it to say: We agree with you or we don’t agree with you. And if we agree with you, then it is the FBI who is alerted that they better look into this. 
Now, there has never been a time 
since 9/11 when we have dealt with a higher threshold than we currently are dealing with. You hear about it every day. You read about it every day. ISIS has recruited more than 20,000, it is es-timated—significantly more than that are those from 90 different foreign countries. It has made a direct threat toward the United States and its citi-zens. It is sponsoring and encouraging individuals to not only come over and train and join ISIS and then come back here and wreak havoc on the American people; it is also inspiring those, saying if you don’t want to travel over here, just go out and kill somebody. Join the jihad from afar. You can be a part of what we are trying to accomplish sim-ply by doing your own thing. We saw that happen down in Texas. We will see that in other places as people are in-spired through ISIS, for whatever sick reason, to take up arms, to cause de-struction, and to randomly kill and wreak havoc on the American public. 
It has been offered that the House 
fix—the reform, which did have bipar-tisan support and did pass the House without a lot of debate—is the solution to this problem. Some agree it goes too far; some agree it doesn’t go far enough. But there are problems with that particular FREEDOM Act, which the Senator from Vermont says is the golden grail here and will solve all the problems. 
It is clear, and it is the testimony we 
have received from numerous officials in the counterterrorism business and in the intelligence business, that there are issues with this so-called FREE-DOM Act fix that could render—well, No. 1, that do render the program less effective and could render it totally in-operative. 
The fact that the NSA has not yet 
been able to come up with a program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.006 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3329 May 31, 2015 
which would ensure that we could have 
the kind of collection we need in the timeframe we need it—some of this is urgent, some of this is pending, some of this is imminent, and it already goes through layers that delay coming to a conclusion and this adds more. 
Also, they have indicated the system 
is untested and exists in name only. We don’t know how the new program would be implemented and we don’t know how it would be operated. That is why many of us said: Look, for what-ever reason, yes, we are at this point, and, yes, it expires at midnight. What we were trying to do before we left was get a short-term extension. We were negotiating. We think it should have been for a significant amount of time, until NSA could test out its program, but we were willing to go much less than that so we could have an oppor-tunity to come back and debate this further and get to the bottom of some of the misrepresented information that has been sent out to the American peo-ple and have an opportunity to counter that and also work together to find ways, through working with the House of Representatives, to come up with a more effective bill that wouldn’t put the country in more jeopardy or, as some experts have said, would under-mine the entire program. 
We obviously will be less agile with 
the House bill. It requires an expansive regulatory system to amass the level of oversight over the current program. I think the real problem is it requires no data retention mandate. The USA FREEDOM Act does not require com-panies to hold the data sought by the government. Therefore, the USA FREEDOM Act could be operationally useless as companies update their busi-ness model in response to changes in technology or market demand. The telephone companies—all 1,400 of them—many don’t want to go through the expensive process of the oversight they need to have in the process. They want to sell phones. And they are hear-ing a lot from customers who basically say: I don’t want to buy your phone if it is going to be subject to them listen-ing to everything I do and say—being collected. 
Well, first of all, that is factually 
wrong, but it is an error that has been said over and over on this floor by some Members. That is absolutely wrong. It is false. If we are going to go forward here, we need intellectual hon-esty about what the program is and what it isn’t, and it shouldn’t be la-beled as something it isn’t. I will ad-dress that at a later point in time. 
But the USA FREEDOM Act, by not 
allowing retention for a fixed period of time, also lessens our ability to make this program effective. So I have much more to say on this, and I know we are going into caucus as a party to see how we might go forward, given where we are. 
It was not necessary that we be here 
on a Sunday with the clock ticking to-ward midnight. We could have contin-ued or we could have gone forward 
without getting to this particular point in time. But now we will have the opportunity—and, unfortunately, what it looks like is we will have the oppor-tunity to debate this while the pro-gram expires. 
That is a bet I didn’t want to take— 
the bet being that nothing will happen if we don’t have this tool in the amount of time that is going to be taken to now address this. That is run-ning a risk I am not sure Members want to take. I don’t want to be part of somebody who says this isn’t impor-tant enough; therefore, we will let it expire and we will not extend it for a day or an hour or a month or a suffi-cient amount of time to come to a rea-sonable conclusion as to how we retain this very important intelligence-gath-ering tool to keep us safe from terror-ists. To go dark on this is a risk of Americans’ lives. It is a risk that we are taking, and we are going to be re-sponsible for our vote, whatever that 
vote is. I, personally, don’t want the responsibility of saying: Oh, don’t worry. Nothing is going to happen out there. The hundreds of hours that I spend in the Intelligence Committee tells me there is a lot that can happen out there. 
Members have every right, if they are 
not on that committee—every right to access what we access. We have invited people to come down and see it for themselves, so they at least understand what it is and what it isn’t. To my knowledge, only two have taken us up on that. There may be more I have missed. But some of those who have stated this program in a totally false way have the siren song to the people out there who think Big Government is in their bedroom, Big Government is taking every piece of information they have about themselves, and Big Gov-ernment is storing this and ‘‘listening to all your phone calls.’’ That is a bunch of hokum and it is wrong. 
And for those who refuse to stand up 
and acknowledge that—because they have had access to the program and re-fused to take that access—have to bear the responsibility of sowing this wild theory and idea about Big Government in your bedroom and Big Government in your car and Big Government on your phone and Big Government col-lecting your emails and Big Govern-ment doing everything and storing it until the time that Big Government will come and take everything away from you. 
I didn’t come here to do that and this 
Senate isn’t here to do that and we will not do that. That is why this program has more oversight than any other pro-gram in the entire United States Gov-ernment, and we will put more over-sight on there if that is necessary. I will stay up all night and stand over at NSA and make sure they are not lis-tening to your phone calls. But it is ir-responsible misrepresentation—irre-sponsible misrepresentation—to factu-ally state a falsity and not tell the truth. It is time we told the truth and it is 
time we stood up to this thing and make sure we are doing everything we can to protect Americans from threats of a lot of people and a lot of organiza-tions that want to kill us all, that would like to see our heads on the chopping block. This is real in our country, as people who are trained by ISIS not only flock back here from Syria, but they inspire people here to pick up weapons and do harm to the American people. 
I know the Senator from Arizona has 
a question. 
Mr. PAUL addressed the Chair. 
Mr. COATS. I have not yielded the 
floor. 
Mr. PAUL addressed the Chair. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask for 
the regular order, and I want to ask the Senator from Indiana a question. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana has the floor. 
Mr. COATS. I would be happy to 
yield to the Senator from Arizona for a question. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Maybe the Senator 
from Kentucky should know the rules of the Senate, that the Senator from Indiana has the floor and the gen-tleman is open to respond to a ques-tion. 
My question to the Senator from In-
diana—and I want to say that his words are powerful and accurate. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, how much 
time remains on the clock for the Re-publican side? 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I would ask the Senator 
from Indiana if he has seen— 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, how much 
time is remaining? 
Mr. M CCAIN. I ask for the regular 
order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I think 
the Chair has made very clear that the Senator from Indiana has the floor. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I thank 
you. 
I know the Senator from Kentucky 
understands that when a Senator has the floor, they are entitled to speak be-cause he has used that rule himself. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Twice the Senator from 
Kentucky has not observed the rules of the Senate. 
I would ask the Senator from Indi-
ana, you have seen the events lately that are transpiring. ISIS has taken Palmyra. They are in the streets burn-ing bodies, killing people, going to de-stroy 2,000-year-old antiquities, and at the same time Ramadi has fallen with thousands of innocent men, women, and children being massacred. At this time, isn’t this program as critical as it has ever been since its inception, given the fact that the Middle East is literally on fire and we are losing ev-erywhere? 
Mr. COATS. It is more essential than 
ever, in response to the question from the Senator from Arizona. It is more necessary than ever, as we have seen a higher threat level since 9/11. Of course, we didn’t know what the threat was in 9/11, so I don’t know how far we have to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.008 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3330 May 31, 2015 
go back. But our intelligence today, 
whether it is any aspect of any of our intelligence agencies, they are sound-ing the alarm that we need to be as vigilant as possible. We need to, within the law—and we are operating within the law—use every tool possible to try to stop an attack on the American peo-ple. What happened on 9/11 was a catas-trophe that none of us could have com-prehended. A 9/11 with the possession of nuclear, radioactive, biological or chemical weapons would make New York look like just a small incident. It would be 3 million people instead of 3,000 people. I think we have an obliga-tion to do what we can without invad-ing anyone’s privacy. 
What we are trying to find is this 
balance between protecting privacy and protecting ourselves from terrorist attacks—protecting Americans from terrorist attacks. We have done this with this program. If what has been said about this program were true, if the falsehoods that have been said were true, I would be the first to line up and say: No, we can’t breach the privacy of the American people by doing what they are doing. But the fact is none of it is true. There has not been one act of abuse of this program over the years it has been in place. It has more over-sight and layers of oversight. As former Attorney General Mukasey said: For the government to violate and bypass this, it would make Water-gate look like kindergarten activity. It would be a conspiracy that would in-clude hundreds of people, and they would all have to swear that they would not breach their conspiratorial process here—a program that is over-seen by the Judiciary Committee, by the Senate Intelligence Committee, the House Intelligence Committee, the body of the Senate has access to this and the body of the House—that is 535 people—by the executive branch, a pro-gram that was endorsed by Barack Obama, until he changed his mind, ap-parently, because the public was going the other way based on false informa-tion. People are out here basically making the accusations that they are making to try to take this program down and all we are trying to do is work with the House to find a reason-able way of keeping this tool alive— keeping Americans safe. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Will the Senator yield 
for a further question? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Would 
the Senator suspend? 
Under the previous order, all time for 
debate has expired. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, my under-
standing is there is still 5 minutes re-maining on the opposition side. I re-quest that time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I object. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, how can we 
have an objection when we already 
have a consent agreement that says we have 30 minutes of equally divided time and you still have 5 minutes remaining on the opposite side? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
was divided in the usual form, and the time for debate has expired. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, the time 
could not have been divided equally, because apparently somebody must have given one side more time than the other. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 5 
minutes of time that was allotted to the Democratic side was unused, and it was equally divided at 23 minutes apiece. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I was here 
for 30 minutes of the Republican side speaking. I sat at my seat for 30 min-utes. It was not 23 minutes of equally divided time. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, regular 
order—obviously people don’t know the rules of the Senate. Maybe they should learn them. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I request 
the remaining 5 minutes of time on the opposite side. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to the request of the Senator from Kentucky? 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I object. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I challenge 
the ruling of the Chair and request the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is not a sufficient second. Mr. PAUL. I request a live quorum 
call. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent to speak for 5 minutes— the 5 minutes that was remaining on the opposition side. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, let us be 
very clear about why we are here this evening. We are here this evening be-cause this is an important debate. This is a debate over the Bill of Rights. This is a debate over the Fourth Amend-ment. This is a debate over your right to be left alone. Justice Brandeis said that the right to be left alone is the most cherished of rights. The right to be left alone is the most prized to civ-ilized men. 
Let us be clear. We are here tonight 
because the President continues to conduct an illegal program. The Presi-dent has been rebuked by the court. In explicit terms, the President has been told that the program he is conducting is illegal. Now, the President opines on television. The President wants to blame—he says: Anybody but me. 
But you know what. The President 
started this program without congres-sional permission. Even the authors of the PATRIOT Act say that the PA-TRIOT Act in no way gives authority to the President to collect all of your 
phone records all of the time. If there ever was a general warrant, if there ever was a generalized collection of in-formation from people about whom there is no suspicion, this is it. 
We are not collecting the informa-
tion of spies. We are not collecting the information of terrorists. We are col-lecting all American citizens’ records all of the time. This is what we fought the Revolution over. Are we going to so blithely give up our freedom? Are we going to so blithely go along and just say: Take it. Well, I am not going to take it anymore. I do not think the American people are going to take it anymore. 
Eighty percent of those under 40 say 
we have gone too far—that this whole collection of all of our records all the time is too much. The court has said: How can records be relevant to an in-vestigation that has not started? The court has said that even under these lower standards, even under these standards of saying that it would be relevant, all of the stuff they are col-lecting is precisely irrelevant. 
Now people say: Well, they are not 
looking at it. They are not listening to it. It is the tip of the iceberg, what we are talking about here. Realize that they were dishonest about the program until we caught them. They kept say-ing over and over: We are not doing this. We are not collecting your records. 
They were. The head of the intel-
ligence agency lied to the American people, and he still works there. We should be upset. We should be march-ing in the streets and saying: He has to go. We cannot allow this. We cannot allow the rule of law to be so trod upon that we live in an arbitrary govern-mental world where they collect any-thing they want anytime they want. 
This is the tip of the iceberg. They 
are collecting records through Execu-tive order. They are collecting records through section 702. People say: How will we protect ourselves without these programs? What about using the Con-stitution? What about using judicial warrants? About the Tsarnaev boy, the Boston Bomber, they say: How will we look at his phone records? Get a war-rant. Put his name on it. You can get a warrant. There is no reason in the world—the guy had already bombed us. Do you think anybody was going to turn down a warrant? We should have gotten a warrant before. 
Get warrants on people we have sus-
picion on. The Simpson guy that was shot in Garland had already been ar-rested. We had suspicion. 
Let’s hire 1,000 more FBI agents. 
Let’s hire people to do the investiga-tion and quit wasting time on innocent American people. Let’s be very clear why we are here: President Obama set up this program, the President Obama who once was against the PATRIOT Act. President Obama once said: You know what; we should have judges write warrants. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.010 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3331 May 31, 2015 
President Obama, who once believed 
in the Fourth Amendment, is the President who is now scooping up all of your records illegally. Then he feigns concern and says: Oh, we need to pass this new bill. He could stop it now. Why won’t someone ask the President: Why do you continue? Why won’t you stop this program now? The President has every ability to do it. We have every ability to keep our Nation safe. I intend to protect the Constitution. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 5:11 p.m., 
recessed subject to the call of the Chair and reassembled at 6:14 p.m. when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. W
ICKER ). 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT OF 2015— 
MOTION TO PROCEED—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, be-
fore the recess, I tried to get a short- term extension of three provisions that will expire at midnight tonight: section 215, business records; section 206, rov-ing wiretap authority; and the ‘‘lone wolf’’ provision. Unfortunately, those efforts were unsuccessful. 
‘‘Lone wolf’’ and roving wiretap are 
not—I repeat, not—the subject of con-troversy with the House bill. So I would propose that we extend at least the ‘‘lone wolf’’ and the roving wiretap authorities while we continue to liti-gate the differing views on section 215. More specifically, I would propose that we extend those two provisions—‘‘lone wolf’’ and roving wiretaps—for up to 2 weeks. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST  
Mr. President, having said that, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of a bill, which is at the desk, to extend the expiring provisions relating to ‘‘lone wolf’’ and roving wiretaps for 2 weeks, and that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object, one of the promises that was given when the PATRIOT Act was originally passed was that, in ex-change for allowing a less than con-stitutional standard, we would only use the actions against—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. PAUL. Terrorists and against 
foreigners. We found that 99 percent of the time, section 213 is used for domes-
tic crime. I believe that no section of the PATRIOT Act should be passed un-less our targets are terrorists—not Americans. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, regular 
order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky—— 
Mr. COTTON. Regular order. Mr. PAUL. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, last 
week, I proposed giving the Intel-ligence Committee the time it would need to work toward the kind of bipar-tisan legislative compromise Ameri-cans deserve—a compromise that would preserve important counterterrorism tools necessary to protect American lives. That effort was blocked. 
Just now, I proposed an even nar-
rower extension that would have only extended some of the least controver-sial—least controversial—but still crit-ical tools to ensure they do not lapse as Senators work toward a more com-prehensive legislative outcome. But even that very narrow offer was blocked. I think it should be worrying for our country because the nature of the threat we face is very serious. It is aggressive, it is sophisticated, it is geo-graphically dispersed, and it is not— not—going away. 
As the LA Times reported, ‘‘the 
Obama administration has dramati-cally stepped up warnings of potential terrorist attacks on American soil after several years of relative calm.’’ The paper reported that this is occur-ring in the wake of ‘‘FBI arrests of at least 30 Americans on terrorism-re-lated charges this year in an array of ‘lone wolf’ plots.’’ 
So these aren’t theoretical threats. 
They are not theoretical threats. They are with us every day. We have to face up to them. We shouldn’t be disarming unilaterally as our enemies grow more sophisticated and aggressive, and we certainly should not be doing so based on a campaign of demagoguery and disinformation launched in the wake of the unlawful actions of Edward Snowden, who was last seen in Russia. 
The opponents of this program have 
not been able to provide any—any—ex-amples of the NSA abusing the authori-ties provided under section 215. And the record will show that, in fact, there has not been one documented instance of abuse of it. 
I think it is also important to re-
member that the contents of calls are not captured. That is the general view, but it is an incorrect one. I will say it again: The contents of calls are not captured. I say this to the American people: If you have been told that, that is not correct. That is what I mean about a campaign of disinformation. The only things in question are the number dialed, the number from which the call was made, the length of the call, and the date. That is it. That is it. Detailed oversight procedures have been put in place, too, in order to pro-
tect the privacy of Americans. 
Now, I believe this is a program that 
strikes a critical balance between pri-vacy on the one hand and national se-curity on the other. That doesn’t mean the Senate still shouldn’t have the op-portunity to make some changes to it. That is precisely the outcome I had been hoping to facilitate by seeking several short-term extensions. And considering all that has come to light about the House-passed bill in recent weeks, I believe this was more than reasonable. 
The administration’s inability to an-
swer even the most basic questions about the alternate bulk data system it would have to build under that legis-lation is, to say the least, pretty trou-bling—pretty troubling. And that is not just my view. That is the view of many in this body, including col-leagues who have been favorably pre-disposed to the House bill. 
In particular, I know Senators from 
both parties have been disturbed by the administration’s continuing inability to guarantee whether the new system would work as well as the current one or whether there would even be any data available to analyze. While the administration has let it be known that this nonexistent system could only be built in time if telephone pro-viders cooperated in building it, pro-viders have made it abundantly clear that they are not going to commit to retaining the data. They are not going to commit to retaining the data for any period of time unless legally re-quired to do so, and there is no such re-quirement in the House-passed bill— none at all. 
Here is how one provider put it: ‘‘[We 
are] not prepared to commit to volun-tarily retain documents for any par-ticular period of time pursuant to the proposed USA Freedom Act if not re-quired by law’’—if not required by law. 
Now, these are just a few of the rea-
sons I thought it prudent to try to give the Senate more space to advance bet-ter legislation through committee con-sideration and regular order, with input from both sides. But, my col-leagues, it is now clear that will not be possible in the face of a determined op-position from those who simply wish to end the counterterrorism program al-together. No time to try to improve the House-passed bill will be allowed because some would like to end the program altogether. 
So this is where we find ourselves. 
This is the reality. So it essentially leaves us with two options. Option one is to allow the program to expire alto-gether without attempting to replace it. That would mean disarming com-pletely and arbitrarily, based on a cam-paign of disinformation, in the face of growing, aggressive, and sophisticated threats—growing, aggressive, and so-phisticated threats. That is a totally unacceptable outcome—a completely and totally unacceptable outcome. So we won’t be doing that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.011 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3332 May 31, 2015 
So we are left with option two, the 
House-passed bill. It is certainly not ideal. But along with votes on some modest amendments that attempt to ensure the program can actually work as promised, it is now the only realistic way forward. So I remain determined to continue working toward the best outcome for the American people pos-sible under the circumstances. 
This is where we are, colleagues. We 
have the House-passed bill with some serious flaws and an inability to get a short-term extension to try to improve the House-passed bill in the way we normally do this—through some kind of consultative process. 
So bearing that in mind, I move to 
proceed to the motion to reconsider vote No. 194, the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the motion to pro-ceed to H.R. 2048. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to reconsider the motion to in-voke cloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 2048. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 2048, an act to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, Lamar Alexander, Mi-
chael B. Enzi, David Vitter, John Cor-nyn, Johnny Isakson, Lisa Murkowski, John Barrasso, Richard Burr, Pat Rob-erts, Roy Blunt, Bob Corker, Orrin G. Hatch, Jerry Moran, Patrick J. Toomey, Mike Lee, Ted Cruz. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to H.R. 2048, an act to reform the authorities of the Federal Govern-ment to require the production of cer-tain business records, conduct elec-tronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterror-ism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close, upon reconsideration? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), 
and the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ), the Senator from Washington 
(Mrs. M URRAY ), and the Senator from 
Hawaii (Mr. S CHATZ ) are necessarily 
absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B AR-
RASSO ). Are there any Senators in the 
Chamber wishing to vote or to change their vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 77, 
nays 17, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 196 Leg.] 
YEAS—77 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Coons Corker Cornyn Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Flake Franken 
Gardner Gillibrand Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Merkley Mikulski Murkowski 
Murphy Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Rounds Sanders Schumer Scott Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse 
Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—17 
Barrasso 
Blunt Coats Collins Cotton Crapo Ernst 
Fischer Grassley Moran Paul Risch Roberts 
Rubio Sessions Shelby Thune 
NOT VOTING—6 
Enzi 
Graham Menendez 
Murray Sasse 
Schatz 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 77, the nays are 17. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, upon reconsideration, the motion is agreed to. 
The Senator from Kentucky. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, could we 
have order? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will be in order. 
Mr. PAUL. Will the Chair inform me 
when I have 5 minutes remaining? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will be so notified. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, tonight be-
gins the process of ending bulk collec-tion. The bill will ultimately pass. We always look for silver linings. I think the bill may be replacing one form of bulk collection with another, but the government, after this bill passes, will no longer collect our phone records. My concern is that the phone companies still may do the same thing. Currently, my understanding is the NSA is at the phone company sucking up the phone records and sending them to Utah. My 
concern is—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order in 
the Senate, please. The Senator de-serves to be heard. 
Mr. PAUL. My concern is that under 
the new program, the records will still be sucked up into NSA computers, but the computers will be at the phone company, not in Utah. So the question is, Will it be a distinction without a difference? The question also will be, Will this be individualized? 
One of the issues about the Fourth 
Amendment that was the biggest part of the Fourth Amendment for our Founding Fathers was that a warrant should be individualized. General war-rants were what we fought the Revolu-tion over. James Otis fought a famous case in the 1760s, and he fought against the British soldiers writing their own warrants. 
What is interesting is that part of 
the PATRIOT Act allows our police to write their own warrants. We have something called national security let-ters. These have been done by the hun-dreds of thousands. Interestingly, when the President was in the Senate, he was opposed to national security let-ters and said that they should have ju-dicial warrants. Now, it is interesting that in this bill that will pass, it is supported by the President, supported by the Director of National Intel-ligence, and now supported in a wide bipartisan fashion. 
It concerns me whether or not—— The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will be in order. 
Will the Senator please suspend. The Senate will be in order. Please 
take your conversations out of the well, out of the Chamber. The Senator deserves to be heard. 
Mr. PAUL. It concerns me that the 
President, who supports the bulk data collection and has been performing it illegally for 6 years, now supports this bill. The devil is in the details. 
The question is, Will the new bill 
still allow bulk collection by the phone companies? Will they be able to put into the search engine not an indi-vidual about whom we have suspicion but an entire corporation? This is what was revealed when we saw the warrant that had Tsarnaev’s name on it. 
The Director of National Intelligence 
came before the American people, came before Congress and swore under oath that they weren’t doing this. Part of my problem with the intelligence-gath-ering in our country is it is hard for me to have trust. It is hard for me to have trust in the people to whom we are giv-ing great power. 
They also insist we won’t be able to 
catch terrorists. They insist the bulk collection allowed them to catch ter-rorists. But then it turned out, when it was investigated, when we looked at the classified documents, when the President’s bipartisan privacy and civil liberties commission looked at this, when his review board looked at this, and then when the Department of Jus-tice inspector general looked at this, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.014 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3333 May 31, 2015 
they all found that there was no unique 
data, there was no great discovery, there was no great breaking up of a terrorist ring. 
People have brought up the Boston 
Bomber, the Tsarnaev boy. They say: Well, we need this. We need the PA-TRIOT Act after the bombing to get his phone records. 
That is the most absurd thing I have 
ever heard. He has already committed a bombing. In fact, I think he was dead at that point, and they are saying we couldn’t get a warrant to look at his phone records? It is absolutely absurd. 
I had a meeting with somebody from 
the intelligence community about 6 months ago, and I asked them this question: How do we get more informa-tion about terrorists—with a warrant with their name on it, where we can go as deep into the details as we want, or this metadata collection that uses a less-than-constitutional standard? And he said: Without question, we get more information with a warrant than we do through the metadata. 
When someone commits an act of 
atrocity, there is no question we would get a warrant, but I would go even fur-ther. I would say that I want to get more warrants on people before they blow up things. I would say that we need more money spent on FBI agents analyzing data and trying to find out whom we have suspicion about so we can investigate their records. I think we spend so much money on people about whom there is no suspicion that we don’t have enough time and money left to go after the people who would actually harm us. 
The people who argue that the world 
will end at midnight tonight—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will please suspend. 
Order in the Chamber. Please take 
your conversations off the floor. 
Mr. PAUL. The people who argue 
that the world will end and that we will be overrun by jihadists tonight are trying to use fear. They want to take just a little bit of our liberty, but they get it by making us afraid. They want us to fear and give up our liberty. They tell us that if we have nothing to hide, we have nothing to fear. That is a far cry from the standard we were founded upon—innocent until proven guilty. 
One of the objections I tried to bring 
forward earlier but was interrupted re-peatedly was that the PATRIOT Act was originally intended to go after for-eigners and terrorists. We allowed a less-than-constitutional standard. We didn’t ask for probable cause; we just said it had to be relevant, the informa-tion had to be relevant to an investiga-tion about terrorists. But here is the problem, and this is one of the big problems I have with the PATRIOT Act. 
We now use parts of the PATRIOT 
Act to arrest people for domestic crime. Section 213, sneak-and-peek, where the government can come into your house, place listening devices, never announce they were ever in your house, and then leave and monitor 
your behavior and never let you know they were there, is being used 99.5 per-cent of the time for domestic crime. 
So, little by little, we have allowed 
our freedom to slip away. We allowed the Fourth Amendment to be dimin-ished. We allowed the narrowing loss of something called probable cause. 
People say: Well, how would we get 
terrorists with that? 
The vast majority of warrants are ap-
proved in our country—the vast major-ity of warrants that are Fourth Amendment warrants where we indi-vidualized and put a name on it and asked probable cause. If tonight the po-lice are looking for a rapist or a mur-derer, they will go to the house, and if they suspect the person is inside but nothing is imminently happening, they will stand on the curb and they almost always get a warrant. 
Do you think there is a judge in this 
land who would not grant a warrant— particularly after the Boston bomb-ing—to look at the Tsarnaev brothers’ records? There is not a judge in the land who would say no. I would venture to say that in advance there is not much chance that a judge would say no if you went to them and said: The Rus-sians have given us indication and evi-dence that he has been radicalized and has associated overseas with people who are training to attack us. 
There is no reason why the Constitu-
tion can’t be used. But we just have to not let those who are in power make us cower in fear. They use fear to take your freedom, and we have to be very, very careful of this. 
Now, some are saying I am misrepre-
senting this, that I am saying the gov-ernment is listening to your phone calls. I am saying they are collecting your phone records. There are pro-grams, though, in which there may be looking at content—emails, for exam-ple. The current law says that after 6 months even the content of your email has no protection. We have a very good piece of legislation to try to fix that. But realize that those who are loud, those who are really wanting you to give up your freedom, don’t believe the Fourth Amendment protects your records at all. 
And this is a big debate. We went to 
the court. The Second Circuit Court of Appeals—the highest court in the land just below the Supreme Court—said that what they are doing is illegal, but we don’t yet have a ruling on whether it is constitutional. 
One of my fears about the bill we are 
going to pass—the sort of in-between step some think may be better—is that it could moot the case. This means the court case will never get heard by the Supreme Court. I have a court case against the NSA. There is another dis-trict court that has ruled against the NSA. We now have an appellate ruling against the NSA. The court may well 
look at the activity of the Senate and say: Well, you guys have fixed the problem. We don’t need to look at it anymore. It is no longer relevant. My other concern about this new bill 
that is going to pass is that the same people will judge it who judged the pre-vious system. These people are called the rubberstamp courtroom, also known as FISA. Realize that the FISA Court is the court that said the collec-tion of all Americans’ records is rel-evant. The appellate court basically laughed at this notion and said that it sort of destroys any meaning to the word ‘‘relevant’’ if you collect everybody’s records. It is not even a modifier. Instead of saying ‘‘relevant,’’ they should have said ‘‘You can have everyone’s records all the time.’’ 
One of my other concerns about the 
in-between solution we are going to choose is that some are conjecturing— and you have to be suspicious of a gov-ernment that often lies about their purpose—some are conjecturing that they are going to collect more phone data under the new system. One of the complaints last week, as there was dis-cussion about this—in the newspaper, it was reported that really they were only collecting about 20 to 30 percent of your cell phone data. They were try-ing to collect all of your land line data, but they weren’t for some reason col-lecting all of your cell phone data. One of my concerns is that as we go to this new system, they may actually be bet-ter at collecting our phone records and they may well be able to collect all of our cell phone data. 
Unless we go to a system where we 
individualize the warrants, unless we go to a system where a person’s name is on the warrant, I am going to be very, very concerned. 
Now, we will present amendments on 
this bill. We tried to negotiate to be al-lowed to present amendments, but there wasn’t a lot of negotiating that went on in the last week—in fact, there was none. We will still try. We will put amendments forward, and we will try to get amendments to make the bulk collection less bad when it does occur. One of the things we would like to do is to say that when they search the phone records, they can’t put the name of a corporation in there; they would have to put in an individual’s name. 
It is kind of tricky, the way these 
things are worded. The wording of this bill will say they can only put a U.S. person into the selector term to search all phone records. The problem is that they define ‘‘U.S. person’’ as also meaning corporation or association or grouping. So there is a little bit of looseness to the language. So if we are still going to allow corporations, what is to stop them from going back and putting AT&T or Verizon in the selec-tion? Once again they will be looking at all the phone records, and all we will have done is transferred the phone records from government control in Utah to phone company control in an-other location. Will we be trading bulk collection in Utah for bulk collection under the phone companies? 
There are good people who believe 
this bill will reform, and I think they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.019 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3334 May 31, 2015 
are well-intended. I think they are 
good people who really think that we will end bulk collection and that it won’t happen. My fear, though, is of 
the people who interpret this work at a place known as the rubberstamp fac-tory over at FISA. It is a secret court, and it is a court in which 99.5 percent of the time they approve warrants. Warrants are simply rubberstamped over there. In fact, they approved that ‘‘relevant’’ meant all of your records. So my question is, If they put AT&T as a selector item, will we have the same thing, just in a different location? 
I have several amendments I am in-
terested in if we are able to amend the bill. 
One is that the search would have to 
be an individual. That is more con-sistent with the Fourth Amendment. 
Another one would change the stand-
ard to the constitutional standard, which would be that there would have to be probable cause, which is a higher standard than simply saying it is rel-evant. Then we would actually be send-ing a new signal to the FISA Court. 
Another amendment I have, which I 
think would go a long way toward making the PATRIOT Act less bad—I think is the best way to put it—would be to say that any information gath-ered under a less-than-constitutional standard could only be used for for-eigners and terrorists. See, that was the promise. At the time, there were people who opposed the PATRIOT Act—not enough, but there were a few—and when they opposed the PA-TRIOT Act, they said their fear was that it would be used against American citizens. 
They said: No, no, we are only going 
after terrorists. But the law allows them to do it, and we now have sec-tions of the PATRIOT Act which 99.5 percent of the time are being used for domestic crime. We have also seen that the Drug Enforcement Agency—it is al-leged—is using information gathered under the PATRIOT Act to then go back and recreate cases against people for domestic crime. 
The question we have to ask our-
selves is, Are we so frightened that we are willing to give up our freedom? Are we really willing to trade liberty for security? 
I think the U.S. Court of Appeals had 
some great points that they made when they ruled against the government, and I think what is important to know is that the President has continued to do this illegally. You have seen him on television. The President has been say-ing: Well, Congress is just getting in the way. If Congress would just do their job and get rid of this, everything would be OK. But the truth is that Con-gress never authorized this. Even the authors of the PATRIOT Act said this was not something Congress ever even contemplated. The court is now saying that as well. This was done by the ex-ecutive branch—admittedly, both a Re-publican executive branch and a Demo-cratic executive branch—but this wasn’t created by Congress. So when the President says ‘‘Well, 
Congress should just do this,’’ the ques-tion that has never been asked by any-one in the media is ‘‘Why doesn’t he stop it?’’ Everybody who has given ad-vice has said he would, and he will come out and say he believes in a bal-anced solution, but he really is just ab-dicating the solution and has never dis-continued the program, even when he has been told explicitly by the court that the program is an illegal program. 
This is what the U.S. court of appeals 
said in the case ACLU v. Clapper: 
We agree with the appellants that such an 
expansive concept of ‘‘relevance’’ is unprece-dented and unwarranted. . . . The records de-manded are not those of suspects under in-vestigation, or of people or businesses that have contact with such subjects, or of people or businesses that have contact with others who are in contact with the subjects. 
So even two steps removed, we are 
gathering records that are completely irrelevant to the investigation. We are gathering up the phone records of inno-cent Americans. 
The other side will say: Well, we are 
not looking at them. 
So I have been thinking about this. 
Our Founders objected to the British soldiers writing warrants. They ob-jected to them coming into their house and grabbing their papers. Do you think our Framers would have been happy if the British Government said: OK, we are just breaking your door down, we are just getting your papers, but we are not going to look at them. Do you think that would have changed the mindset of the Framers? So the fact that they say they are not looking at our records—is that any comfort or should it be any comfort? The act of violation is in taking your records. The act of violation is in allowing the po-lice or a form of the police—the FBI— to write warrants that are not signed by a judge. 
The court goes on to say: ‘‘The inter-
pretation that the government asks us to adopt defies any limiting principle.’’ The idea of a limiting principle when the court looks at things is that, the way I see it, is the difference between something being arbitrary, where there is no sort of principle that confines what would happen—if you have a law that has no limiting principle, it is es-sentially arbitrary. 
This is what Hayek wrote about in 
‘‘The Road to Serfdom.’’ Hayek talked about the difference between the rule of law and having an arbitrary inter-pretation of the law. 
The danger of having an arbitrary in-
terpretation of the law and the danger of having general warrants is that they have been used in the past with bias. People have brought their own bias into this. In the sixties, the bias was against civil rights activists and against Vietnam war activists. In the forties, the bias was in incarcerating and interring Japanese Americans. But what was consistent in all of these cir-cumstances was that there was a gen-eralization—a generalization based on the color of your skin, whether you 
were Asian American or African Amer-ican, and also about the shade of your ideology. There is a danger in allowing the government to generalize without suspicion and to disobey the Fourth Amendment, and the danger comes that the government could one day generalize and bias could enter into things. 
We have on our records right now 
laws that allow an American citizen to be detained. It is not specifically a part of the PATRIOT Act, but it is along the same lines as this, that you are getting rid of the due process amend-ments and the ability of the Bill of Rights to protect an individual. When we allow an individual to be detained without a trial, what happens is that there is the possibility that someone could decide we don’t like ‘‘those’’ peo-ple. And when you say that could never happen, think about the times in our history when it has. 
Richard Jewell, everybody said he 
was the Olympic Bomber. He was con-victed on TV. Within hours, people said: Richard Jewell is guilty. Think about if he had been a Black man in 1920 in the South what may have hap-pened to him. Think about the possi-bility for bias entering into our govern-ment. Think about what Madison said about government is—Madison said that we restrain government because we are worried that government may not be comprised of angels. If govern-ment were comprised of angels, we would not have to worry about re-straining government. 
Patrick Henry said that the Con-
stitution was about restraining govern-ment, not the people. It is not enough for people to say: Oh, I am a good man or I am a good person or the NSA would never do this. The other problem that makes us doubtful is that the NSA has not been honest with us. If they want to develop trust again, the Presi-dent should have immediately let the person who lied to us go, the Director of National Intelligence. 
The appeals court concluded by say-
ing that the government’s bulk collec-tion of telephone metadata exceeds the scope of what Congress has authorized and therefore violates section 215 of the PATRIOT Act. Some will try to argue that this debate was not worth the time we took on it. I could not disagree more. I am like everybody else. You know, I prize my time with my family and being at home on the weekends. I wish we would have done this in a more sensitive way, where we would have had more time and had an open amend-ment process. 
But we waited until the end. We 
waited until the final deadline. This is a characteristic of government. It is a flaw in government, frankly. We lurch from deadline to deadline. People won-der why Congress is so unpopular. It is because we go from deadline to dead-line and then it is: Hurry up. We have no time to debate. We just must pass it as is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.020 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3335 May 31, 2015 
The biggest debate against amend-
ments is—and it finally convinced peo-ple who did not like this. They so much dislike amendments and slowing down the process, they are just going to take it. Even though they don’t like it, they are going to pass what the House passed. It is unlikely any amendments will pass. 
But the thing is, we need to get away 
from lurching from deadline to dead-line. What happens, with budget or spending or any of these bills, is we are presented with thousand-page bills with only hours to go. About a year ago this came up. At that time, we were presented with a 1,000-page bill with 2 hours to go. I read the Senate rules. It said: We are supposed to be 
presented with the bill for 48 hours in advance. 
So I raised my hand and made a mo-
tion. The motion I made was: Guys, we are breaking the rules here. Men and women, we are breaking the rules here. So they just voted to amend the rules for that bill and ignore the rules. This is why the American people are so frus-trated. People here in town think I am making a huge mistake. Some of them, I think, secretly want there to be an attack on the United States so they can blame it on me. One of the people in the media the other day came up to me and said: Oh, when there is a great attack, are you going to feel guilty that you caused this great attack? 
The people who attack us are respon-
sible for attacks on us. Do we blame the police chief for the attack by the Boston Bombers? The thing is, is that there can be attacks even if we use the Constitution. But there have been at-tacks while collecting your bulk data. So the ones who say: Well, when an at-tack occurs, it is going to be all your fault, are any of them willing to accept the blame? We have bulk collection now. Are any of them willing to accept the blame for the Boston bombing, for the recent shooting in Garland? 
No, but they will be the first to point 
fingers and say: Oh, yes, it is all your fault. We never should have given up on this great program. I am completely convinced that we can obey the Con-stitution, use the Fourth Amendment as intended, spirited letter of the law, and catch terrorists. When we look ob-jectively at this program, when they analyzed the classified information, they found that there was no unique data. We had to fight them tooth and nail because they started out saying that 52 cases were cracked by the bulk data program. 
But then when the President’s own 
bipartisan commission looked at it, it turned out that none of that was true. This gets back to the trust issue. If we are going to be lied to by the Director of National Intelligence, it is hard for us to believe them when they come for-ward and they say: Oh, this is pro-tecting us. We have to have it. But what we are hearing is information from someone who really did not think it was a big deal to lie to us about whether the program even existed. Mark my words, the battle is not 
over. There are some—and I talked with one of the, I would say, smarter people in Silicon Valley, somebody who knows this from an intimate level, how things work, and how the codes and programs work. 
He maintains that the bulk collec-
tion of phone data is the tip of the ice-berg, that there is more information in other data pools that are classified. Some of this is done through an Execu-tive order called 12333. I am not sure I know everything in it. I have had no briefings on it. So anything I will tell you is from the newspaper alone. But the thing is, is that I would like to know: Are we also collecting your cred-it card information? Are we collecting your texts? Are we collecting your emails? 
They have already told us the Fourth 
Amendment does not protect your emails, even the content, after 6 months. In fact, really they have told you, the Fourth Amendment does not apply to your records at all. So be very careful about the people who say: Trust us. We will never violate your freedom. We will never take advantage of things. The President’s Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board’s conclusion was that: 
Section 215 of the PATRIOT Act has shown 
minimal value in safeguarding the Nation from terrorism. We have not identified any single instance involving a threat to the United States in which the program made a concrete difference in the outcome. 
The President’s privacy board went 
on to say: 
The government’s collection of a person’s 
entire telephone calling history has a signifi-cant and detrimental effect on individual privacy. 
When they talked about whether the 
phone records were relevant to an in-vestigation, the President’s Commis-sion said this: 
First, the telephone records acquired under 
the program have no connection to any spe-cific FBI investigation at the time of their collection. Second, because the records are collected in bulk, potentially encompassing all telephone calling records across the Na-tion, they cannot be regarded as relevant to any FBI investigation. 
Here is the continuing danger to us, 
though: It is, I think, maybe a minor success that we are going to prevent the government from collecting these records. But realize that the interpre-tation of this will still occur in secret in the FISA Court. This is the FISA Court that said that collecting every-one’s records was relevant. 
It completely destroys the notion 
that the word ‘‘relevant’’ has any meaning at all. This will be the ques-tion: Whether we can trust the FISA Court to make an interpretation that is at a higher degree of discernment than the one in which they said ‘‘rel-evant’’ can mean anything. The origi-nal USA FREEDOM Act, as passed originally by the House committee, was a better bill. It was gradually wa-tered down until even the Director of National Intelligence, the one who lied about the program, now supports it, 
which gives me some misgivings. 
But the records that will be col-
lected—the question is, How will we have an interpretation by the FISA Court? The original bill had an advo-cate. I thought this was a good part of the original bill. There would be a judi-cial advocate who would argue on the side of those who were having their records taken. So there would be an ad-versarial court, lawyers on both sides. 
Many people who write about juris-
prudence and trying to find justice say that one of the essential functions of a court system, in order to find justice, is that there has to be a lawyer on both sides. There has to be an advocate on both sides. The truth is not always easy to find. The truth is presentation of facts by one side, presentation of contrary facts by the other side, and someone has to figure out which facts are more believable or which facts trump other facts. 
So I think a judicial advocate would 
have been good. They are still going to have it. They call it by a different name now, but it will be optional at the discretion of the FISA Court. So the court that ruled that all of your records are relevant now will have a choice as to whether to give you an ad-vocate. That does not give me a great deal of comfort. 
There are other ways we could do 
this. We occasionally do look at ter-rorism cases in regular Federal court. When names come up that could jeop-ardize someone’s safety at our intel-ligence agency or a secret, Federal courts can go into secret session. I have heard the Senator from Oregon often mention this. I think it is a great point that no one wants to reveal the names of anyone or the code or the se-crets of how we do this. But if we are talking about constitutional prin-ciples, we want to do it in the open. Laws should not be discussed in secret. 
As we move forward, the PATRIOT 
Act will expire tonight. It will only be temporary. They will ultimately get their way. But I think the majority of the American people actually do be-lieve the government has gone too far. In Washington, it is the opposite, but I think Washington is out of touch. There will be 80 votes, you know, to say: Continue the PATRIOT Act— maybe more. 
But if you go into the general public, 
if you get outside the beltway and visit America, you find it is completely the opposite. There was a poll a couple of weeks ago that said: Over 80 percent of people under age 40—over 80 percent of them—think that the government col-lecting your phone records is wrong and should not occur. So I think really this will be useful. People say: You are destroying yourself. You should have never done this. The American people will not side with you. 
People wished me harm and wished 
that this would be unsuccessful. But you know what, I came here to defend the Bill of Rights and to defend the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.022 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3336 May 31, 2015 
Constitution, popular or not. But I 
frankly think that the Bill of Rights and the Constitution are very popular, very important, and I will continue, as long as I have breath and as long as I am here to defend them. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, before he 
leaves the floor, I just want to make sure, having worked with Senator P
AUL 
for many, many months now, that I es-pecially appreciate his efforts in the last few days in this week to try to ac-commodate this body with respect to amendments. My colleague has said re-peatedly that he was very interested in a short list of amendments, that he hoped to have some modest time that would be available for these amend-ments. 
He and I have worked together on a 
number of them. I think it is a reflec-tion, as people think about this debate and on a topic that is of such enormous importance, that my colleague from Kentucky, especially with respect to this amendment issue, has tried con-tinually to be reasonable and to be ac-commodating to this body. 
Until just a few hours ago, I was at 
home in Oregon having townhall meet-ings, flew all night to be here for this extremely important session. Of course, the topic we discussed this evening was front and center in terms of my constituents. 
The message from Oregonians at 
these townhall meetings was very clear. The people whom I have the honor to represent in the Senate want policies that advance their security and protect their liberties. The pro-gram we have been talking about to-night in the Senate really does not de-liver either. It does not make us safer. It chips away at our liberties. 
I am going to spend a little bit of 
time this evening making the case for those kinds of arguments and laying out the challenge for the days ahead. 
Now, with respect to this safety 
issue, all of us understand—particu-larly the Presiding Officer, who has been on the Intelligence Committee, as I have, for over 14 years—that it is a dangerous world. Anyone who serves on the Intelligence Committee knows that beyond any kind of debate. 
So we want policies that really de-
liver both security and liberty. This is what the President’s own experts had to say with respect to this program that involves collecting millions and millions of phone records on law-abid-ing Americans. This was a group that was appointed and spent a considerable amount of time looking at the bulk phone records collection program. They issued a report, and will I just paraphrase what is the central finding, on page 104 of their report: As to infor-mation contributed to terrorist inves-tigations by the use of section 215 te-lephony metadata—that is the col-lecting all of these millions and mil-lions of phone records—these experts 
say that ‘‘could readily have been ob-tained in a timely manner using con-ventional Section 215 orders.’’ 
Now, the reason that is important is 
it spells out and recognizes that those who signed this report are individuals with some of the most pristine antiterror credentials in this country— Mike Morell, for example, the former Acting Director of the CIA; Richard Clarke, who held an extremely impor-tant position in two administrations and served with both Republicans and Democrats. Both of them are signato-ries to this important report. 
Beyond that—and it has not received 
much attention—the reality is that our government, on top of everything else, has emergency authorities so that when those who are charged with pro-tecting our country believe there is a threat to the Nation, they are allowed to issue an emergency authorization to get the information they need right away, and then they can go back and get the warrant approved after the fact. 
Nobody is talking about eliminating 
that emergency authority. So what we have is a program that the most au-thoritative antiterror experts in the country believe does not make our Na-tion any safer. I read the most signifi-cant finding in their report. 
On top of that, as I just indicated, 
emergency authorities are still pre-served. In fact, I have indicated to our President and to those who work in the intelligence agencies that if at any point the executive branch and, par-ticularly, the intelligence agencies feel that their emergency authorities are inadequate to protect the country, I personally would be willing to support efforts to ensure that those emergency capabilities are reformed and our coun-try can take the steps it needs when it is necessary. 
On top of this question, with respect 
to the issue of our safety, I want to talk about what I heard at some length earlier today with respect to how the program worked. I heard a number of Senators say that nobody in govern-ment is listening to these calls. That was repeated a number of times on the floor of this body. 
When the government, under this 
program, knows whom you called, when you called, and where you called from, in many instances the govern-ment doesn’t need to be listening. If the government knows, under this pro-gram, that a person called a psychia-trist 3 times in 36 hours—twice after midnight—that is a lot of private and personal information. The government doesn’t need to be listening to that call. 
So as to this notion that some who 
have wanted to make sure that our country would have both security and liberty are saying that it is a fantasy that the government is listening to calls, I could tell you that those who have been trying to reform the pro-gram have said, in effect, that the gov-ernment doesn’t need to listen to those 
calls. If the government has that amount of private and personal infor-mation, the government knows a lot about you, and it really doesn’t need to listen. Certainly, if you are talking about a land line, then the government knows where you are calling from if they have a phone book. 
So with respect to this question of 
the government listening, I want it particularly understood that a program such as this, when the government has this kind of information, I believe, rep-resents a threat to our liberty. The reason why I think so is that hardly a week goes by when databases aren’t violated. No. 1, we see that reported regularly in the press. No. 2, we have known about unfortunate times in our history—J. Edgar Hoover comes to mind—when this kind of information could be used. And, No. 3, I have been very concerned, given what our former colleague, Senator U
DALL , and I had to 
do with respect to bulk phone record collection of email. We battled to end this. Of course, this was email that could be read by government agencies. We battled with various intelligence leaders saying that we felt this was a violation of people’s rights and it wasn’t effective. They asserted for months and months that it was. Fi-nally, one day they woke up and said the program wasn’t needed any more. 
None of this would have even hap-
pened had not Senator Udall and I made that case repeatedly. The intel-ligence leadership knew that we were not going to give it up, but that is what goes on if there isn’t a check on some of these kinds of procedures. 
Senator P
AUL made mention of the 
fact that the intelligence leadership has not exactly been straight with the American people on these issues. I em-phasize that we are not talking about the thousands and thousands of law- abiding patriotic, dedicated, wonderful people who work in the intelligence field. Day in and day out they do so much for our country. We are so appre-ciative of all they do. They are the ones who do the hard work, for exam-ple, to capture Bin Laden and day in and day out to make us safer. But the intelligence leadership, on the other hand, as noted by our colleague from Kentucky, has not always been straight with the American people. I spent many months trying to decipher what the former NSA Director meant when he said the government doesn’t collect any dossiers on millions of Americans. 
I pointed out I had been on the Intel-
ligence Committee for a long time and I had never heard the term ‘‘dossier’’ used. So I tried to learn more about it, used private opportunities and public opportunities, and just couldn’t get the information. So, finally, I said: I have to ask this question in public. 
On the Intelligence Committee you 
don’t get but perhaps 20 or 25 minutes a year to ask questions in public, to hold intelligence leaders accountable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.024 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3337 May 31, 2015 
on policy matters—not secret oper-
ations, because secret operations have to stay secret, but policy matters. 
So, after being stonewalled for many 
months—many months—I finally said I have to ask this question in public. So to make sure no one would feel am-bushed, I sent the question to the Di-rector of National Intelligence, Mr. Clapper. I sent it a day ahead of time. 
Then I didn’t hear anything about its 
being inappropriate or in violation of classification rules. So I asked in pub-lic: Does the government collect any type of data at all on millions or hun-dreds of millions of Americans? I was told no, and that answer was obviously false. I tried to get it corrected, and we still couldn’t get it corrected. 
Of course, then Mr. Snowden spoke 
out publicly and pointed that out. Since that time, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence and his representa-tives have given these five different ex-planations for why that answer was given. So that is why you have to ask the hard questions. You have to ask the hard questions about these issues. 
I see my friend and colleague Senator 
H
EINRICH has joined us tonight. I am so 
pleased that he has joined the Intel-ligence Committee. Senator H
EINRICH  
is one of those Senators who subscribes to that view that I just mentioned— that it is our job to ask the hard ques-tions. It may be uncomfortable. It is not designed in any way to convey dis-respect. We see it as our job to ask the hard questions. 
I would be interested in my col-
league’s thoughts with respect to this issue and to have him be given a chance to participate in this colloquy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
J
OHNSON ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
Mr. HEINRICH. First, I thank my 
friend from Oregon and I recognize the substantial leadership he has shown on this issue over the years. Long before I came to the Intelligence Committee and long before Edward Snowden began to steal documents, Senator W
YDEN , 
along with Senator Mark Udall and others, were doing everything they could—without disclosing classified in-formation—to shine a light on the fact that the U.S. Government was col-lecting massive volumes of data on millions of law-abiding American citi-zens. My friend from Oregon deserves our thanks for that leadership. 
Now, after the bulk call data collec-
tion program was revealed to the pub-lic, the government, frankly, defended it and defended it vigorously. It took a number of months for the intelligence community and the rest of the admin-istration to take a deep breath and really assess whether bulk metadata collection was necessary, whether it was effective, and to consider whether there were other less intrusive, more constitutionally grounded ways to ac-complish these same goals. 
Starting with the President’s Review 
Group on Intelligence and Communica-tions Technologies, the administration began to agree that ‘‘some of the au-
thorities that were expanded or created in the aftermath of September 11 un-duly sacrifice fundamental interests in individual liberty, personal privacy, and democratic governance.’’ And they recommended changing those authori-ties in order to ‘‘strike a better balance between the competing interests and providing for the common defense and securing ‘the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity.’’’ 
Following that, multiple efforts have 
been made to update and reform FISA and to update and reform the USA PA-TRIOT Act. None of those have been successful. But now we are forced to come to a resolution through a com-bination of, frankly, procrastination, and, I think, misguided hope that the American people would look the other way while the government continued to vacuum up and store their personal information and data as part of a pro-gram that even the intelligence com-munity acknowledges can be accom-plished through less intrusive means. 
I will be honest. The current USA 
FREEDOM Act isn’t what I consider perfect. For example, I prefer that it include strong reform of section 702 collection, but I accept that cir-cumstances require us to be pragmatic, require us to govern and move forward and to work with one another in both parties to find compromise. That is what the USA FREEDOM Act is. It is a product of bipartisan compromise. 
That is why it passed the House of 
Representatives by a vote of 338 to 88. And let’s be blunt, many of those who voted against it didn’t do so because they support bulk collection. They did so because they want to see section 215 wither and die in its entirety. That is the political reality we face today, and we need to accept it rather than de-manding a continuation of a program that the appeals court has determined is illegal. 
Mr. WYDEN. I thank my colleague 
for his statements and would just want to explore this a little bit further. I hope that those who are following this debate understand that my colleague from New Mexico is a real rising star in the Senate. He and I would like the USA FREEDOM Act to go further, and we both worked together on legislation that would make additional reforms. Certainly, our colleagues on the Intel-ligence Committee and here in the Sen-ate can expect to see us continuing to work together to advance these addi-tional reforms over the coming months and years. For now, the two of us are saying we ought to support the USA FREEDOM Act and then move on— move on to other critical areas. 
I particularly want to see closed 
what is called the backdoor search loophole, which my colleague from New Mexico talked about. What this means, colleagues, is that when you are engaged in a lawful search of some-one who is a threat overseas, pursuant to section 702 of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act, very often law-abiding Americans can get swept 
up in this search and have their emails looked at. 
This is a problem today, and my view 
is it is likely to be a growing concern in the future because, increasingly, communications systems around the world are becoming globally inte-grated, so the amount of emails that are reviewed of Americans is likely to grow. But we can’t get that change here tonight. So, as my colleague from New Mexico has mentioned, the USA FREEDOM Act would make several worthwhile reforms, such as increasing transparency, reducing the govern-ment’s reliance on secret laws. But from my perspective, the centerpiece of it is ending the bulk collection of Americans’ information under the PA-TRIOT Act. 
I have been trying to close this par-
ticular loophole for close to a decade now. Some of our colleagues have said the bulk collection has never been abused; that no one’s rights have been violated. My own view is—and I will ask what my colleague thinks—that vacuuming up all this information, particularly when databases get vio-lated all the time—we have seen his-torically instances where there has been improper conduct by the govern-ment. I believe dragnet surveillance violates the rights of millions of our people every day. 
Vacuuming up the private phone 
records of millions of Americans with no connection to wrongdoing is simply a violation of their rights. 
And vacuuming up Americans’ email 
records, which I pointed out before my colleague came to the floor—which he and our former colleague Senator Udall and I battled—is surely a violation of the rights of Americans as well. Col-leagues, that wouldn’t have been point-ed out at all—it wouldn’t have been pointed out at all—unless Senator Udall and I, with the help of our friend from New Mexico, hadn’t been pushing back on it. Finally, one day the gov-ernment said: Well, we will get rid of it because it wasn’t effective. They got rid of it because they saw they were going to get hard questions, the kinds of questions my friend from New Mex-ico has been asking. 
Now, with respect to the legality of 
this program, I know my colleague and I actually filed a legal brief, along with our former colleague Mark Udall, when the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit was examining that program. In our brief, it was argued that we were able to debunk many of the claims that had been made about the effectiveness of the program. 
I think it would be helpful if my col-
league from New Mexico laid out some of that analysis here tonight. I would ask the Senator from New Mexico to begin, and I would encourage him to start by addressing the claim that the bulk collection of Americans’ phone records is essential for stopping ter-rorist attacks. My question to my col-league is, Is there any evidence, any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.025 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3338 May 31, 2015 
real concrete evidence, to support that 
claim? 
Mr. HEINRICH. I thank my friend 
from Oregon and begin by saying that despite what we may have heard from talking heads on the Sunday shows and on the cable news networks, the answer is no. There is simply no evidence to support those claims. 
When this mass surveillance was first 
revealed to the public 2 years ago, the executive branch initially responded to questions like this by claiming that various post-9/11 authorities had re-sulted in the thwarting of approxi-mately ‘‘54 terrorist events in the U.S. homeland and abroad.’’ 
Now, a number of us, including my 
friend from Oregon and my former col-league from Colorado, Senator Udall, began to pull on that thread to really parse down and see just what the exec-utive branch was talking about. First, of those 54 terrorist events, it turned out that only 13 were actually focused in the United States. But more impor-tantly, those numbers conflated mul-tiple different programs, including au-thorities under section 215 and dif-ferent authorities under section 702. 
On June 19, 2013, my colleague from 
Oregon and Senator Udall pointed out that ‘‘it appears that the bulk phone records collection program under sec-tion 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act played little or no role in most of these disruptions. Saying that ‘these pro-grams’ have disrupted ‘dozens of poten-tial terrorist plots’ is misleading if the bulk phone records collection program is actually providing little or no unique value.’’ 
Of the original 54 instances the exec-
utive branch pointed to, every one of them crumbled under scrutiny. None of them actually justified the continued existence of the bulk collection pro-gram. 
Let me take a moment, with the in-
dulgence of our colleagues, and read what was written by Judge Leon of the District Court for the District of Co-lumbia, when he ruled in the Klayman v. Obama case. This is a little long, but I think it is important this be part of the official record of this debate. 
Judge Leon writes: 
[T]he Government does not cite a single in-
stance in which analysis of the NSA’s bulk metadata collection actually stopped an im-minent attack, or otherwise aided the Gov-ernment in achieving any objective that was time-sensitive in nature. In fact, none of the three ‘‘recent episodes’’ cited by the Govern-ment that supposedly ‘‘illustrate the role that telephony metadata analysis can play in preventing and protecting against ter-rorist attack’’ involved any apparent ur-gency. 
He continues to write that: 
[]In the first example, the FBI learned of a 
terrorist plot still ‘‘in its early stages’’ and investigated that plot before turning to the metadata ‘‘to ensure that all potential con-nections were identified.’’ []Assistant Direc-tor Holley does not say that the metadata revealed any new information—much less time-sensitive information—that had not al-ready come to light in the investigation up to that point. The judge continues: 
[]In the second example, it appears that 
the metadata analysis was used only after the terrorist was arrested ‘‘to establish [his] foreign ties and put them in context with his U.S. based planning efforts.’’ []And in the third, the metadata analysis ‘‘revealed a pre-viously unknown number for [a] co-con-spirator . . . and corroborated his connection to [the target of the investigation] as well as to other U.S.-based extremists.’’ 
Continuing to quote Judge Leon: 
[]Again, there is no indication that these 
revelations were immediately useful or that they prevented an impending attack. Assist-ant Director Holley even concedes that bulk metadata analysis only ‘‘sometimes provides information earlier than the FBI’s other in-vestigative methods and techniques.’’ 
Finally, Judge Leon writes: 
[]Given the limited record before me at 
this point in the litigation—most notably, the utter lack of evidence that a terrorist at-tack has ever been prevented because of searching the NSA database was faster than other investigative tactics—I have serious doubts about the efficacy of the metadata collection program as a means of conducting time-sensitive investigations in cases involv-ing imminent threats of terrorism. 
That is where the judge leaves off. 
And I will turn back to the Senator from Oregon to address the three cases we discussed in more detail in our ami-cus brief to the Second Circuit. 
Mr. WYDEN. I thank my colleague. 
The first of these examples—and they really are kind of overblown examples about the effectiveness of bulk collec-tion—is the case of an individual named Najibullah Zazi. Mr. Zazi was a known terrorism suspect, and a num-ber of people have suggested that bulk phone records collection was somehow essential to stopping him because a query of the bulk phone records data-base for numbers linked to Mr. Zazi re-turned a previously unknown number belonging to another terrorism sus-pect. 
However, since the government had 
already identified Zazi as a terrorism suspect prior to querying the bulk phone records database, it had all the evidence it needed to obtain the phone records of Zazi and his associates using an individualized section 215 order or other legal authorities. 
In the second case, some have point-
ed to Mr. Moalin, the San Diego man convicted of sending $8,500 to support al-Shabaab in Somalia. The intel-ligence community has indicated that information from the bulk phone records database ‘‘established a con-nection between a phone number known to be used by an extremist over-seas . . . and an unknown San Diego- based number’’ that belonged to Mr. Moalin. Yet there are ample existing authorities under which the United States can conduct surveillance on a phone number known to be used by ex-tremists overseas and other phone numbers in contact with that phone number. 
The argument that Mr. Moalin’s case 
is an example of a unique value of bulk phone records collection is just not ac-curate. My view is this is yet another case that offers a misleading exaggera-
tion with respect to the effectiveness of bulk phone records collection. 
Finally, several supporters of the 
bulk metadata program have claimed that ‘‘[i]f we had had [the bulk phone- records] program in place at the time [of the September 11, 2001 attacks,] we would have been able to identify’’ the phone number of one of the hijackers, Khalid al-Mihdhar. 
Just as in these other cases, however, 
the record indicates that Mr. Mihdhar’s phone number could also have been ob-tained by the government using a vari-ety of alternate means. Before Sep-tember 11, the government was surveilling a safe house in Yemen but failed to realize that Mr. Mihdhar, who was in contact with the safe house, was actually inside the United States. The government could have used any num-ber of authorities to determine wheth-er anyone in our country was in con-tact with the safe house it was already targeting. It didn’t need a record of every Americans’ phone calls to estab-lish that simple connection. 
Mr. HEINRICH. I wish to expound on 
that point a bit, about the many other ways the government can legitimately acquire phone records of terrorism sus-pects, because I think this is a very im-portant point to understand the tools that already exist that have been very effective and have proven themselves over time. 
There are actually a number of legal 
authorities that can get the same in-formation without the government col-lecting billions of call records—billions of call records that, in large part, be-long to innocent Americans. 
For example, the Stored Communica-
tions Act permits the government to obtain precisely the same call records that are now acquired through bulk collection under section 215 when they are ‘‘relevant and material to an ongo-ing criminal investigation.’’ 
Additionally, national security let-
ters, which I point out do not require a court order, can also be used by the government to obtain call records for intelligence purposes. 
Further, the government can also ac-
quire telephony metadata on a real- time basis by obtaining orders from ei-
ther regular Federal courts or the FISC for the installation of pen registers or trap-and-trace devices. 
Finally, individualized orders for 
phone records, as opposed to orders au-thorizing broad bulk collection, can also be obtained under section 215. 
I think those of us early in this de-
bate thought that was what was going to occur under the PATRIOT Act in the first place. But that is what the USA FREEDOM Act seeks to require while prohibiting the bulk collection of mil-lions of personal records. It even in-cludes emergency authorization au-thority for the government to get records prior to getting court approval, subject to later court approval, in an emergency. 
The government can use any of these 
authorities without any more evidence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.027 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3339 May 31, 2015 
than what is currently required to use 
the bulk phone records database, with less impact, I would point out, on the privacy interests of millions of inno-cent Americans. 
I think at this point the Senator 
from Oregon and I have laid out our case as to why this dragnet bulk sur-veillance program fails to make our country measurably safer and why it should end. I am pleased to say that a number of people have finally come around to our way of thinking on this. 
Mr. WYDEN. I thank my colleague. I 
will wrap up and then give the last word to my friend from New Mexico on the subject. He is absolutely right that some of the most authoritative leaders in our country—experts on terror— have reached the same judgment we have. I made mention of the Presi-dent’s Review Group on Intelligence and Communications Technologies, and I really would encourage col-leagues who are following this debate and citizens across the country—that report is available online, and it is 
available in our office. Page 104 of that report is very explicit. It says that the information that would otherwise be obtained in collecting all of these phone records—millions of phone records of law-abiding Americans, peo-ple such as Mike Morell, former Acting Director of the CIA, and Richard Clark, who served in two administrations— they said it could have been obtained through conventional processes. 
This is a program that is not making 
us safer. And it is not my judgment that ought to be the last word; it should be that of people like those I just quoted. 
The Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-
sight Board’s report on the telephone records program said pretty much the same thing: 
[T]he Section 215 program has shown mini-
mal value in safeguarding the nation from terrorism. Based on the information pro-vided to the Board, including classified brief-ings and documentation, we have not identi-fied a single instance involving a threat to the United States in which the program made a concrete difference in the outcome of a counterterrorism investigation. 
I will close by way of saying—and I 
touched on this before my friend from New Mexico arrived—I would like to do a lot more than I believe is likely to happen here quickly in the Senate. I do want to see us finally throw in the dustbin of history this bulk phone records collection program because it doesn’t make us safer and it com-promises our liberty. But, as I indi-cated to my friend from New Mexico, I would also like to close this backdoor search loophole in the FISA Act, which is going to be a bigger problem in the days ahead given the evolution of com-munications systems and how they have become globally integrated. 
I will close by saying that one of the 
most important issues we are going to have to tackle in the days ahead is going to deal with encryption. Encryption, of course, is the encoding of data and messages so that they can-not be easily read. The reason this will 
be an enormously important issue—and my colleague and I have talked about this—is because of the NSA overreach, the collection of all these phone records of law-abiding people. A lot of our most innovative, cutting-edge com-panies have found their customers rais-ing real questions about whether their products can be used safely, and a lot of the purchasers who buy their prod-ucts around the world are saying: Maybe we shouldn’t trust them. Maybe we should try to start taking control over their servers and have local stor-age requirements and that sort of thing. So what our companies did, be-cause they saw the effect of the over-reach by the NSA, was they started to use encryption to protect the data and messages of the consumers who buy their products. 
Most recently, the head of the FBI, 
Mr. Comey, rather than try to come back with a solution that protected both our privacy and our security, he said he was interested in requiring companies to build weaknesses into their products. Just think about that— requiring companies to build weak-nesses into their products. So the gov-ernment—which, in effect, caused this problem with the overreach—in effect, rather than trying to find a solution that worked for both security and lib-erty, said: We will start talking about requiring companies to actually build weaknesses into their products. 
I and others have pointed out that 
once you do that, hang on to your hat. When the good guys have the keys, that is one thing, but when companies are required to build weaknesses into their products, the bad guys are going to get the keys in a hurry, too. And with all the cyber hacking and the risks we already have, we ought to be really careful about going where Mr. Comey, our FBI Director, has proposed to go. 
But that is not for tonight. Tonight 
is not an occasion where we will be able to, on a bipartisan basis, close the backdoor-search loophole or where we will be able to come up with a sensible policy with respect to encryption rath-er than requiring companies to actu-ally build weaknesses in their prod-ucts. We will not be able to do that to-night. But we will now have a chance here in the Senate to take steps that have been bipartisan both here in the Senate and in the other body, in the House of Representatives, to end the bulk phone records collection program because it doesn’t make us safer and it threatens our liberties. 
I always like to close by thinking 
about Ben Franklin, who said that any-body who gives up their liberty to have security really doesn’t deserve either. 
I am so pleased to have a chance to 
serve with my colleague from New Mexico on the Intelligence Committee, who is going to be a thoughtful advo-cate for these kinds of policies, in my view, for many years to come. I thank him for his involvement tonight and would be happy to give him the last 
word of our colloquy at this time. 
I yield to my colleague. Mr. HEINRICH. I thank my friend 
from Oregon. I think he could not have chosen a more appropriate way to end than to reference what Ben Franklin said so many years ago, that great quote that ‘‘those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Lib-erty nor Safety.’’ 
While many reforms still lie in front 
of us, I think, as we move forward to approving the USA FREEDOM Act, we move a lot closer to the balance that Ben Franklin articulated so well over 200 years ago. I look forward to work-ing with my colleague from Oregon and all of our colleagues in achieving that balance and standing up for our con-stituents. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I yield 
the floor. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, we did 
not have to end up here, just hours away from the midnight expiration of three surveillance authorities, and hav-ing just moved to proceed to the USA FREEDOM Act. 
I have tried since last year to move 
legislation through the Senate to ad-dress these sunsets. In November, Sen-ator R
EIDbrought the USA FREEDOM 
Act to the floor but the Republican leadership of the Senate blocked de-bate on it. When they took over the Senate, they assured us that they would send bills—including this one— through appropriate committee proc-ess. There were promises that the new leadership would not fill the amend-ment tree, and would use a transparent legislative process. But not one of those promises has been fulfilled with respect to any legislation dealing with the upcoming sunsets. 
Once again this year, I proposed with 
Senator L
EEa new version of the USA 
FREEDOM Act. That bill had signifi-cant process in the House, where it passed by an overwhelming margin ear-lier this month. And once again, the bi-partisan coalition here in the Senate tried to get the bill passed. Two Fri-days ago, the Senate Republican lead-ership did not allow us to debate the bill. 
Tonight, the Senate did the right 
thing by invoking cloture on the mo-tion to proceed to the USA FREEDOM Act. I am glad to see several Repub-licans switched their votes. This is sig-nificant progress, but it is late in com-ing. 
We should have proceeded to this bill 
two Fridays ago. Had we done so, we could have stayed here to do our work, considered amendments, and passed the bill well in advance of tonight’s sunset. Instead, we are hours away from expi-ration and just now considering legisla-tion that many of us have been work-ing on for years. Our intelligence com-munity needs predictability and cer-tainty, not a manufactured crisis. 
If all Senators cooperate, we can fin-
ish this bill tonight. We can consider a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.030 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3340 May 31, 2015 
handful of amendments under a time 
agreement, and pass this bill before midnight. That would be the respon-sible thing to do. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
C
APITO ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I know of no further debate on the mo-tion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion to proceed. 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2048) to reform the authorities 
of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, con-duct electronic surveillance, use pen reg-isters and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for for-eign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1449 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I have a substitute amendment at the desk that I ask the clerk to report. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 
1449. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1450 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1449 
Mr. M CCONNELL . Madam President, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 1450 
to amendment No. 1449. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: Strike Sec. 110(a) and insert the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amendments made by 
sections 101 through 103 shall take effect on the date that is 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1451 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1450 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a second-de-
gree amendment at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 1451 
to amendment No. 1450. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the amendment) 
At the end, add the following: 
(b) N ONEFFECT OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS .— 
Section 401 of this Act, relating to appoint-ment of amicus curiae, shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 110A. APPOINTMENT OF AMICUS CURIAE. 
Section 103 (50 U.S.C. 1803) is amended by 
adding at the end the following new sub-sections: 
‘‘(i) A
MICUS CURIAE .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORIZATION .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) is authorized, con-sistent with the requirement of subsection (c) and any other statutory requirement that the court act expeditiously or within a stat-ed time— 
‘‘(A) to appoint amicus curiae to— ‘‘(i) assist the court in the consideration of 
any application for an order or review that, in the opinion of the court, presents a novel or significant interpretation of the law; or 
‘‘(ii) provide technical expertise in any in-
stance the court considers appropriate; or 
‘‘(B) upon motion, to permit an individual 
or organization leave to file an amicus cu-riae brief. 
‘‘(2) D
ESIGNATION .—The courts established 
by subsection (a) and (b) shall each designate 1 or more individuals who may be appointed to serve as amicus curiae and who are deter-mined to be eligible for access to classified national security information necessary to participate in matters before such courts (if such access is necessary for participation in the matters for which they may be ap-pointed). In appointing an amicus curiae pur-suant to paragraph (1), the court may choose from among those so designated. 
‘‘(3) E
XPERTISE .—An individual appointed 
as an amicus curiae under paragraph (1) may be an individual who possesses expertise on privacy and civil liberties, intelligence col-lection, communications technology, or any other area that may lend legal or technical expertise to the court. 
‘‘(4) D
UTIES .—An amicus curiae appointed 
under paragraph (1) to assist with the consid-eration of a covered matter shall carry out the duties assigned by the appointing court. That court may authorize the amicus curiae to review any application, certification, peti-tion, motion, or other submission that the court determines is relevant to the duties as-signed by the court. 
‘‘(5) N
OTIFICATION .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) shall notify the Attorney General of each exercise of the au-thority to appoint an amicus curiae under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(6) A
SSISTANCE .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) may request and receive (including on a non-reimbursable 
basis) the assistance of the executive branch in the implementation of this subsection. 
‘‘(7) A
DMINISTRATION .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) may provide for the designation, appointment, removal, training, or other support of an amicus cu-riae appointed under paragraph (1) in a man-ner that is not inconsistent with this sub-section. 
‘‘(j) R
EVIEW OF FISA C OURT DECISIONS .— 
Following issuance of an order under this Act, a court established under subsection (a) shall certify for review to the court estab-lished under subsection (b) any question of law that may affect resolution of the matter 
in controversy that the court determines warrants such review because of a need for uniformity or because consideration by the court established under subsection (b) would serve the interests of justice. Upon certifi-cation of a question of law under this sub-section, the court established under sub-section (b) may give binding instructions or require the entire record to be sent up for de-cision of the entire matter in controversy. 
‘‘(k) R
EVIEW OF FISA C OURT OF REVIEW DE-
CISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) C ERTIFICATION .—For purposes of sec-
tion 1254(2) of title 28, United States Code, the court of review established under sub-section (b) shall be considered to be a court of appeals. 
‘‘(2) A
MICUS CURIAE BRIEFING .—Upon cer-
tification of an application under paragraph (1), the Supreme Court of the United States may appoint an amicus curiae designated under subsection (i)(3), or any other person, to provide briefing or other assistance.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1452 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have an amend-
ment to the text proposed to be strick-en. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. 
MCCONNELL L] proposes an amendment num-
bered 1452 to the language proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 1449. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
RECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1453 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1452 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a second-de-
gree amendment at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 1453 
to amendment No. 1452. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end of the amendment, add the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I have a cloture motion at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.032 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3341 May 31, 2015 
Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
move to bring to a close debate on H.R. 2048, an act to reform the authorities of the Fed-eral Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of infor-mation gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Ron 
Johnson, Dean Heller, Steve Daines, Cory Gardner, Johnny Isakson, Richard Burr, Tim Scott, James Lankford, Jeff Flake, Mike Lee, Lisa Murkowski, John Barrasso, Thom Tillis, Chuck Grassley, Richard C. Shelby. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016—MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I move to proceed 
to H.R. 1735. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 99, H.R. 
1735, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture 
motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 1735, an act to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for de-fense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John McCain, Lindsey 
Graham, Kelly Ayotte, Jeff Sessions, Shelley Moore Capito, Joni Ernst, Deb Fischer, Thom Tillis, Roger F. Wicker, Tom Cotton, Dan Sullivan, Mike Rounds, James M. Inhofe, John Cor-nyn, Mike Lee, Cory Gardner. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING BEAU BIDEN 
Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, my 
heart and the hearts of my entire fam-ily go out to Vice President J
OEBIDEN 
and his family on the tragic loss of his son, Beau Biden. As a mother of children about Beau’s 
age I know that this is the age when our children are coming fully into their own and Beau Biden was already there. 
He was a skilled attorney general, a 
promising candidate for Governor, and above all an extraordinarily loving family member. 
The Vice President has suffered too 
many losses in his lifetime and each one has cut deep. I hope he knows that all of us who love him are praying that his faith and the deep love of his family will see him through this tragic loss. 
I know the people of California join 
me in sending the deepest condolences to the Biden family. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO C. EDWARD BROWN 
∑Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I 
wish to recognize C. Edward ‘‘Ed’’ Brown, FACHE, on his election to the American Medical Group Association’s Policy Hall of Fame. Ed has a long track record in Iowa and Washington as a leading advocate in health care policy reform. He also served in numer-ous leadership roles at the American Medical Group Association, chairing its public policy committee for 4 years and serving as chairman of its board. 
Mr. Brown has had a distinguished 
career in health care in Iowa, where he has served for the last 21 years as chief executive officer of the Iowa Clinic, a multispecialty group practice in Des Moines. The Iowa Clinic is the largest physician-owned multispecialty group in central Iowa, with nearly 200 physi-cians and health care providers prac-ticing in 40 specialties. The clinic serves a population area of 1.1 million, averaging 400,000 patient visits each year. 
Ed has a long list of achievements in 
delivering cutting edge, quality-fo-cused health care to the benefit of Iowans, and his achievements include the Iowa Clinic’s adoption of electronic medical records and information tech-nology systems. He holds a bachelor’s degree in nursing from the University of Evansville and a master’s degree in health administration from Wash-ington University in St. Louis. Also, he is a fellow of the American College of Healthcare Executives, with more than 30 years of experience in executive and senior levels of health care manage-ment. 
As an advocate for multispecialty 
medical groups and AMGA, Ed has been a leader in promoting a model of care delivery and an organization that rep-resents some of the Nation’s highest quality and most prestigious health care delivery systems. It is wonderful to see someone with such a distin-guished health care record in Iowa rec-ognized at the national level as a dedi-cated leader who is committed to im-proving health care at such an impor-tant time for our Nation’s health care delivery system. Ed’s voice has been an invaluable 
contribution to the health care debate in this country, and I congratulate him on this deserved recognition for his countless achievements in the public policy realm. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate on January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on May 26, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ARRIS ) has 
signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 1690. An act to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Court-house’’. 
H.R. 2353. An act to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently 
signed by the acting President pro tem-pore (Mr. B
LUNT ). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 1470. A bill to amend the Small Business 
Act to provide additional assistance to small business concerns for disaster recovery, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. C OL-
LINS, Ms. C ANTWELL , and Ms. 
AYOTTE ): 
S. Res. 188. A resolution expressing appre-
ciation of the goals of American Craft Beer Week and commending the small and inde-pendent craft brewers of the United States; considered and agreed to. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 188—EX-
PRESSING APPRECIATION OF THE GOALS OF AMERICAN CRAFT BEER WEEK AND COM-MENDING THE SMALL AND INDE-PENDENT CRAFT BREWERS OF THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Ms. C ANTWELL , and Ms. A YOTTE ) 
submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 188 
Whereas American Craft Beer Week is cele-
brated annually in breweries, brew pubs, res-taurants, and beer stores by craft brewers, home brewers, and beer enthusiasts nation-wide; 
Whereas in 2015, American Craft Beer Week 
is celebrated from May 11 to May 17; 
Whereas craft brewers are a vibrant affir-
mation and expression of the entrepreneurial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G31MY6.038 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3342 May 31, 2015 
traditions of the United States, operating as 
community-based small businesses, pro-viding employment for 115,000 full- and part- time workers, and generating annually more than $3,000,000,000 in wages and benefits; 
Whereas the United States has craft brew-
ers in every State and more than 3,500 craft breweries nationwide, each producing fewer than 6,000,000 barrels of beer annually; 
Whereas in 2014, 615 new breweries opened 
in the United States, creating jobs and im-proving economic conditions in communities across the United States; 
Whereas in 2014, craft breweries in the 
United States produced more than 22,000,000 barrels of beer, which is 3,300,000 more bar-rels than craft breweries produced in 2013; 
Whereas the craft brewers of the United 
States now export more than 383,000 barrels of beer and are establishing new markets abroad, which creates more domestic jobs to meet the growing international demand for craft beer from the United States; 
Whereas the craft brewers of the United 
States support United States agriculture by purchasing barley, malt, and hops that are grown, processed, and distributed in the United States; 
Whereas the craft brewers of the United 
States produce more than 100 distinct styles of flavorful beers, including many sought- after new and unique styles ranging from smoked porters to pumpkin peach ales that— 
(1) contribute to a favorable balance of 
trade by reducing United States dependence on imported beers; 
(2) support United States exports; and (3) promote United States tourism; 
Whereas craft beers from the United States 
consistently win international quality and taste awards; 
Whereas the craft brewers of the United 
States strive to educate the people of the United States who are of legal drinking age about the differences in beer flavor, aroma, color, alcohol content, body, and other com-plex variables, the gastronomic qualities of beer, beer history, and historical brewing traditions dating back to colonial times and earlier; 
Whereas the craft brewers of the United 
States champion the message of responsible enjoyment to their customers and work within their communities and the industry to prevent alcohol abuse and underage drink-ing; 
Whereas the craft brewers of the United 
States are frequently involved in local com-munities through philanthropy, vol-unteerism, and sponsorship opportunities, including parent-teacher associations, Jun-ior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (JROTC), hospitals for children, chambers of commerce, humane societies, rescue squads, athletic teams, and disease research; 
Whereas the craft brewers of the United 
States are fully vested in the future success, health, welfare, and vitality of their commu-nities as local employers who provide a di-verse array of quality local jobs that will not be outsourced, who contribute to the local tax base; and who keep money in the United States by reinvesting in their businesses; and 
Whereas increased Federal, State, and 
local support of craft brewing is important to fostering the continued growth of an in-dustry of the United States that creates jobs, greatly benefits local economies, and brings international accolades to small busi-nesses in the United States: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the United States Senate— 
(1) appreciates the goals of American Craft 
Beer Week, established by the Brewers Asso-ciation, which represents the small craft brewers of the United States; (2) recognizes the significant contributions 
of the craft brewers of the United States to the economy and to the communities in which the craft brewers are located; and 
(3) commends the craft brewers of the 
United States for providing jobs, supporting United States agriculture, improving the balance of trade, and educating the people of the United States and beer lovers around the world about the history and culture of beer while promoting the legal and responsible consumption of beer. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1441. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. 
WYDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Gov-ernment to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveil-lance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counter-terrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1442. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1443. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. 
W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1444. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. 
W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1445. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1446. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1447. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. 
W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1448. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. 
W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1449. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and 
Mr. B URR) proposed an amendment to the 
bill H.R. 2048, supra. 
SA 1450. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 1449 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. 
BURR) to the bill H.R. 2048, supra. 
SA 1451. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 1450 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 
1449 proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself 
and Mr. B URR) to the bill H .R. 2048, supra. 
SA 1452. Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself and 
Mr. B URR) proposed an amendment to the 
bill H.R. 2048, supra. 
SA 1453. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 1452 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. 
BURR) to the bill H.R. 2048, supra. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS ON MAY 
22, 2015 
SA 1440. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap 
and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE IX—COMMISSION ON PRIVACY 
RIGHTS IN THE DIGITAL AGE 
SECTION 901. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Commis-
sion on Privacy Rights in the Digital Age Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 902. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Today, technology that did not exist 30 
years ago pervades every aspect of life in the United States. 
(2) Nearly 
2⁄3of adults in the United States 
own a smartphone, and 43 percent of adults in the United States rely solely on their cell phone for telephone use. 
(3) 84 percent of households in the United 
States own a computer and 73 percent of households in the United States have a com-puter with an Internet broadband connec-tion. 
(4) Federal policies on privacy protection 
have not kept pace with the rapid expansion of technology. 
(5) Innovations in technology have led to 
the exponential expansion of data collection by both the public and private sectors. 
(6) Consumers are often unaware of the col-
lection of their data and how their informa-tion can be collected, bought, and sold by private companies. 
SEC. 903. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this title is to establish, for 
a 2-year period, a Commission on Privacy Rights in the Digital Age to— 
(1) examine— (A) the ways in which public agencies and 
private companies gather data on the people of the United States; and 
(B) the ways in which that data is utilized, 
either internally or externally; and 
(2) make recommendations concerning po-
tential policy changes needed to safeguard the privacy of the people of the United States. 
SEC. 904. COMPOSITION OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—To carry out the pur-
pose of this title, there is established in the legislative branch a Commission on Privacy Rights in the Digital Age (in this title re-ferred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
(b) C
OMPOSITION .—The Commission shall be 
composed of 12 members, as follows: 
(1) Four members appointed by the Presi-
dent, of whom— 
(A) 2 shall be appointed from the executive 
branch of the Government; and 
(B) 2 shall be appointed from private life. (2) Two members appointed by the major-
ity leader of the Senate, of whom— 
(A) 1 shall be a Member of the Senate; and (B) 1 shall be appointed from private life. (3) Two members appointed by the minor-
ity leader of the Senate, of whom— 
(A) 1 shall be a Member of the Senate; and (B) 1 shall be appointed from private life. (4) Two members appointed by the Speaker 
of the House of Representatives, of whom— 
(A) 1 shall be a Member of the House; and (B) 1 shall be appointed from private life. (5) Two members appointed by the minor-
ity leader of the House of Representatives, of whom— 
(A) 1 shall be a Member of the House; and (B) 1 shall be appointed from private life. 
(c) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Commission shall 
elect a Chairperson and Vice-Chairperson from among its members. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.005 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3343 May 31, 2015 
(d) M EETINGS ; QUORUM ; VACANCIES .— 
(1) M EETINGS .—After its initial meeting, 
the Commission shall meet upon the call of the Chairperson or a majority of its mem-bers. 
(2) Q
UORUM .—Seven members of the Com-
mission shall constitute a quorum. 
(3) V ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Com-
mission shall not affect its powers but shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made. 
(e) A
PPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS ; INITIAL  
MEETING .— 
(1) A PPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS .—Each mem-
ber of the Commission shall be appointed not later than 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(2) I
NITIAL MEETING .—On or after the date 
on which all members of the Commission have been appointed, and not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall hold its initial meet-ing. 
SEC. 905. DUTIES OF THE COMMISSION. 
The Commission shall— (1) conduct an investigation of relevant 
facts and circumstances relating to the ex-pansion of data collection practices in the public, private, and national security sec-tors, including implications for— 
(A) surveillance; (B) political, civil, and commercial rights 
of individuals and corporate entities; 
(C) employment practices, including hiring 
and firing; and 
(D) credit availability and reporting; and (2) submit to the President and Congress 
reports containing findings, conclusions, and recommendations for corrective measures re-lating to the facts and circumstances inves-tigated under paragraph (1), in accordance with section 911. 
SEC. 906. POWERS OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) H EARINGS AND EVIDENCE .—The Commis-
sion or, at its direction, any subcommittee or member of the Commission, may, for the purpose of carrying out this title— 
(A) hold such hearings, sit and act at such 
times and places, take such testimony, re-ceive such evidence, and administer such oaths as the Commission or such sub-committee or member determines advisable; and 
(B) subject to paragraph (2)(A), require, by 
subpoena or otherwise, the attendance and testimony of such witnesses and the produc-tion of such books, records, correspondence, memoranda, papers, documents, tapes, and materials as the Commission or such sub-committee or member determines advisable. 
(2) S
UBPOENAS .— 
(A) I SSUANCE .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—A subpoena may be issued 
under paragraph (1) only— 
(I) by the agreement of the Chairperson 
and the Vice Chairperson; or 
(II) by the affirmative vote of 8 members of 
the Commission. 
(ii) S IGNATURE .—Subject to clause (i), a 
subpoena issued under paragraph (1) may— 
(I) be issued under the signature of— (aa) the Chairperson; or (bb) a member designated by a majority of 
the Commission; and 
(II) be served by— (aa) any person designated by the Chair-
person; or 
(bb) a member designated by a majority of 
the Commission. 
(B) E
NFORCEMENT .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—In the case of contumacy 
or failure to obey a subpoena issued under paragraph (1), the United States district court for the judicial district in which the subpoenaed person resides, is served, or may be found, or where the subpoena is return-able, may issue an order requiring such per-
son to appear at any designated place to tes-tify or to produce documentary or other evi-dence. 
(ii) C
ONTEMPT OF COURT .—Any failure to 
obey the order of the court under clause (i) may be punished by the court as a contempt of that court. 
(3) W
ITNESS ALLOWANCES AND FEES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 1821 of title 28, 
United States Code, shall apply to witnesses requested or subpoenaed to appear at any hearing of the Commission. 
(B) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—The per diem and 
mileage allowances for witnesses shall be paid from funds available to pay the ex-penses of the Commission. 
(b) C
ONTRACTING .—The Commission may, 
to such extent and in such amounts as are provided in appropriations Acts, enter into contracts to enable the Commission to dis-charge its duties under this title. 
(c) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGEN-
CIES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commission may se-
cure directly from any Federal department or agency such information as the Commis-sion considers necessary to carry out this Act. 
(2) F
URNISHING OF INFORMATION .—If the 
Chairperson, the chairperson of any sub-committee created by a majority of the Commission, or any member designated by a majority of the Commission submits to a Federal department or agency a request for information under paragraph (1), the head of the department or agency shall, to the ex-tent authorized by law, furnish the informa-tion directly to the Commission. 
(3) R
ECEIPT , HANDLING , STORAGE , AND DIS -
SEMINATION .—Information furnished under 
paragraph (2) shall only be received, handled, stored, and disseminated by members of the Commission and its staff consistent with all applicable statutes, regulations, and execu-tive orders. 
(d) A
SSISTANCE FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— 
(1) G ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION .— 
The Administrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission on a reimburs-able basis administrative support and other services for the performance of the Commis-sion’s functions. 
(2) O
THER DEPARTMENTS AND AGENCIES .—In 
addition to the assistance provided under paragraph (1), departments and agencies of the United States may provide to the Com-mission such services, funds, facilities, staff, and other support services as the depart-ments and agencies may determine advisable and as authorized by law. 
(e) P
OSTAL SERVICES .—The Commission 
may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as a department or agency of the United States. 
SEC. 907. NONAPPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVI-
SORY COMMITTEE ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Federal Advisory 
Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Commission. 
(b) P
UBLIC MEETINGS AND RELEASE OF PUB-
LICVERSIONS OF REPORTS .—The Commission 
shall— 
(1) hold public hearings and meetings to 
the extent appropriate; and 
(2) release public versions of the reports re-
quired under subsections (a) and (b) of sec-tion 911. 
(c) P
UBLIC HEARINGS .—Any public hearing 
of the Commission shall be conducted in a manner consistent with the protection of in-formation provided to or developed for or by the Commission as required by any applica-ble statute, regulation, or executive order. 
SEC. 908. STAFF OF COMMISSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) A PPOINTMENT AND COMPENSATION .—The 
Chairperson, in consultation with the Vice Chairperson and in accordance with rules 
agreed upon by the Commission, may ap-point and fix the compensation of an execu-tive director and such other personnel as may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out the functions of the Commis-sion, without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing ap-pointments in the competitive service, and without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of that title relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates, except that no rate of pay fixed under this paragraph may exceed the equivalent of that payable for a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. 
(2) P
ERSONNEL AS FEDERAL EMPLOYEES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The executive director 
and any personnel of the Commission who are employees shall be employees under sec-tion 2105 of title 5, United States Code, for purposes of chapters 63, 81, 83, 84, 85, 87, 89, 89A, 89B, and 90 of that title. 
(B) M
EMBERS OF COMMISSION .—Subpara-
graph (A) shall not be construed to apply to members of the Commission. 
(b) D
ETAILEES .—Any Federal Government 
employee may be detailed to the Commission without reimbursement from the Commis-sion, and such detailee shall retain the rights, status, and privileges of his or her regular employment without interruption. 
(c) C
ONSULTANT SERVICES .—The Commis-
sion may procure the services of experts and consultants in accordance with section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates not to exceed the daily rate paid a person oc-cupying a position at level IV of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5315 of that title. 
SEC. 909. COMPENSATION AND TRAVEL EX-
PENSES. 
(a) C OMPENSATION .—Each member of the 
Commission who is not an officer or em-ployee of the Federal Government may be compensated at not to exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay in effect for a position at level IV of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day during which that member is engaged in the actual performance of the duties of the Commis-sion. 
(b) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—While away from 
their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commis-sion, members of the Commission shall be al-lowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in the same manner as persons employed intermittently in the Gov-ernment service are allowed expenses under section 5703 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 910. SECURITY CLEARANCES FOR COMMIS-
SION MEMBERS AND STAFF. 
The appropriate departments or agencies 
of the Federal Government shall cooperate with the Commission in expeditiously pro-viding to the members and staff of the Com-mission appropriate security clearances to the extent possible under applicable proce-dures and requirements, and no person shall be provided with access to classified infor-mation under this title without the appro-priate security clearances. 
SEC. 911. REPORTS OF COMMISSION; TERMI-
NATION. 
(a) I NTERIM REPORTS .—The Commission 
shall submit to the President and Congress interim reports containing such findings, conclusions, and recommendations for cor-rective measures as have been agreed to by a majority of Commission members. 
(b) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the President and Congress a final report containing such findings, conclusions, and recommendations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.008 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3344 May 31, 2015 
for corrective measures as have been agreed 
to by a majority of Commission members. 
(c) C LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Each report 
submitted under subsection (a) or (b) shall be in unclassified form, but may include a clas-sified annex. 
(d) T
ERMINATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commission, and all 
the authorities under this title, shall termi-nate 60 days after the date on which Com-mission submits the final report under sub-section (b). 
(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE ACTIVITIES BEFORE TER -
MINATION .—The Commission may use the 60- 
day period referred to in paragraph (1) for the purpose of concluding its activities, in-cluding providing testimony to committees of Congress concerning its reports and dis-seminating the final report. 
SEC. 912. FUNDING. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this title. 
(b) D
URATION OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts 
made available to the Commission under subsection (a) shall remain available until the termination of the Commission. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1441. Mr. PAUL (for himself and 
Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveil-lance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 4, strike line 20 and all that fol-
lows through page 5, line 4, and insert the following: 
protect against international terrorism, a 
statement of facts showing that there is probable cause to believe that— 
‘‘(i) the call detail records sought to be 
produced based on the specific selection term required under subparagraph (A) are relevant to such investigation; and 
‘‘(ii) such specific selection term 
SA 1442. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 29, line 6, strike the quotation 
marks and the second period and insert the following: 
‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION TO ACTS OF TERRORISM  
AND ESPIONAGE .—Notwithstanding clauses (i) 
and (ii), no information obtained or evidence derived from a part of certification or proce-dure relating to which the Court orders a correction of a deficiency under subpara-graph (B) shall be disclosed in a criminal case by the Government unless the defendant is charged with an act of espionage under chapter 37 of title 18, United States Code, or an act of terrorism (as defined under section 3077 of title 18, United States Code).’’. SA 1443. Mr. PAUL (for himself and 
Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveil-lance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . REQUIREMENT OF NOTICE TO DE-
FENDANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) E LECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE .—Section 106 
(50 U.S.C. 1806) is amended by striking sub-sections (c) and (d) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(c)(1) Whenever the Government initiates 
a proceeding in or before any court, depart-ment, officer, agency, regulatory body, or other authority of the United States against a person, the Government shall notify the person and the court or authority of— 
‘‘(A) each title of this Act the Government 
relied on to obtain the communications of the person or information about the commu-nications or activities of the person, which contributed in any manner to the investiga-tion of the person; and 
‘‘(B) each type of communication or infor-
mation obtained under this Act, as described in the order or directive relied upon to ob-tain the communication or information. 
‘‘(2) The Government shall provide the no-
tification required under paragraph (1) be-fore or within a reasonable time after the commencement of the proceeding. 
‘‘(d) The notification requirement under 
subsection (c) shall apply to any State or po-litical subdivision thereof whenever the State or political subdivision initiates a pro-ceeding in or before any court, department, officer, agency, regulatory body, or other au-thority of the State or political subdivision against a person, in the same manner such subsection applies to the Government in con-
nection with a proceeding against a person.’’. 
(2) P
HYSICAL SEARCHES .—Section 305 (50 
U.S.C. 1825) is amended by striking sub-sections (d) and (e) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(d)(1) Whenever the Government initiates 
a proceeding in or before any court, depart-ment, officer, agency, regulatory body, or other authority of the United States against a person, the Government shall notify the person and the court or authority of— 
‘‘(A) each title of this Act the Government 
relied on to obtain the communications of the person or information about the commu-nications or activities of the person, which contributed in any manner to the investiga-tion of the person; and 
‘‘(B) each type of communication or infor-
mation obtained under this Act, as described in the order or directive relied upon to ob-tain the communication or information. 
‘‘(2) The Government shall provide the no-
tification required under paragraph (1) be-fore or within a reasonable time after the commencement of the proceeding. 
‘‘(e) The notification requirement under 
subsection (d) shall apply to any State or po-litical subdivision thereof whenever the State or political subdivision initiates a pro-ceeding in or before any court, department, officer, agency, regulatory body, or other au-thority of the State or political subdivision against a person, in the same manner such subsection applies to the Government in con-nection with a proceeding against a person.’’. (3) P
EN REGISTER AND TRAP AND TRACE DE -
VICES .—Section 405 (50 U.S.C. 1845) is amend-
ed by striking subsections (c) and (d) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(c)(1) Whenever the Government initiates 
a proceeding in or before any court, depart-ment, officer, agency, regulatory body, or other authority of the United States against a person, the Government shall notify the person and the court or authority of— 
‘‘(A) each title of this Act the Government 
relied on to obtain the communications of the person or information about the commu-nications or activities of the person, which contributed in any manner to the investiga-tion of the person; and 
‘‘(B) each type of communication or infor-
mation obtained under this Act, as described in the order or directive relied upon to ob-tain the communication or information. 
‘‘(2) The Government shall provide the no-
tification required under paragraph (1) be-fore or within a reasonable time after the commencement of the proceeding. 
‘‘(d) The notification requirement under 
subsection (c) shall apply to any State or po-litical subdivision thereof whenever the State or political subdivision initiates a pro-ceeding in or before any court, department, officer, agency, regulatory body, or other au-thority of the State or political subdivision against a person, in the same manner such subsection applies to the Government in con-nection with a proceeding against a person.’’. 
(b) T
ANGIBLE THINGS .—Section 501 (50 
U.S.C. 1861), as amended by section 107 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) S
UPPRESSION OF EVIDENCE .— 
‘‘(1) M OTION TO SUPPRESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Any person against 
whom evidence obtained or derived from the production of tangible things under this title is to be, or has been, introduced or otherwise used or disclosed in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding in or before any court, de-partment, officer, agency, regulatory body, or other authority of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision thereof, may move to suppress the evidence obtained or derived from the production of the commu-nications of the person or information about the communications or activities of the per-son on the grounds that— 
‘‘(i) the information was unlawfully ac-
quired; or 
‘‘(ii) the production was not made in ac-
cordance with an order of authorization or approval. 
‘‘(B) T
IMING .—A motion described in sub-
paragraph (A) shall be made before the trial, hearing, or other proceeding commences, un-less there was no opportunity to make such a motion or the person was not aware of the grounds of the motion. 
‘‘(2) I
N CAMERA AND EX PARTE REVIEW BY  
COURT .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘covered circumstance’ means— 
‘‘(i) that— ‘‘(I) a court or authority receives a notice 
under subsection (c) or (d) of section 106, sub-section (d) or (e) of section 305, or subsection (c) or (d) of section 405 that relates to the production of tangible things under this title; 
‘‘(II) a motion is made under paragraph (1) 
of this subsection; or 
‘‘(III) a motion or request is made by a per-
son under any other statute or rule of the United States or any State before a court or authority of the United States or any State to— 
‘‘(aa) discover or obtain applications or or-
ders or other materials relating to the pro-duction of tangible things under this title; or 
‘‘(bb) discover, obtain, or suppress evidence 
or information obtained or derived from the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.008 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3345 May 31, 2015 
production of tangible things under this 
title; and 
‘‘(ii) that the Attorney General files an af-
fidavit under oath that disclosure or an ad-versary hearing would harm the national se-curity of the United States. 
‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY .—In a covered cir-
cumstance, the applicable district court of the United States, or if notice is given to or the motion is made before another author-ity, the district court of the United States in the same judicial district as the authority, shall review in camera and ex parte the ap-plication, order, and such other materials re-lating to the production of tangible things under this title as may be necessary to de-termine whether the production was lawfully authorized and conducted. 
‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—In making a determina-
tion under subparagraph (B), the court may disclose to the applicable person, under ap-propriate security procedures and protective orders, portions of the application, order, or other materials relating to the production only if such disclosure would aid the court in making an accurate determination of the le-gality of the surveillance. 
‘‘(3) S
UPPRESSION OF EVIDENCE ; DENIAL OF  
MOTION .—If a district court of the United 
States determines under paragraph (2) that the production of tangible things under this title was not lawfully authorized or con-ducted, the court shall, in accordance with the requirements of law, suppress the evi-dence which was unlawfully obtained or de-rived from the production or otherwise grant the motion of the movant. If the court deter-mines that the production was lawfully au-thorized and conducted, it shall deny the mo-tion of the movant except to the extent that due process requires discovery or disclosure. 
‘‘(4) F
INALITY OF ORDERS .—An order grant-
ing a motion or request under paragraph (3), a determination under this subsection that the production of tangible things under this title was not lawfully authorized or con-ducted, and an order of a district court of the United States requiring review or granting disclosure of an application, order, or other material relating to the production of tan-gible things under this title shall be a final order and binding upon all courts of the United States and the several States, except a United States court of appeals and the Su-preme Court of the United States. 
‘‘(5) D
ESTRUCTION OF UNLAWFULLY OBTAINED  
EVIDENCE .—If a district court of the United 
States determines under paragraph (2) that the production of tangible things under this title was not lawfully authorized or con-ducted, the determination is a final order under paragraph (4), and the district court finds there is no reason to believe that de-struction may endanger the national secu-rity of the United States, interfere with a criminal, counterterrorism, or counterintel-ligence investigation, interfere with diplo-matic relations, or endanger the life or phys-ical safety of any person, the Government shall destroy all copies of the tangible things produced under this title in the possession of the Government by not later than 30 days after the date of issuance of the final court order.’’. 
SA 1444. Mr. PAUL (for himself and 
Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveil-lance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-
poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 17, line 4, strike ‘‘an electronic’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘Code)’’ on line 9 and insert ‘‘a corporation or other legal en-tity’’. 
SA 1445. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. COURT APPROVAL FOR NATIONAL SE-
CURITY LETTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2709(b) of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘REQUIRED CERTIFICATION ’’ and inserting 
‘‘REQUEST UPON AUTHORIZATION BY COURT ’’; 
and 
(2) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘The Director’’ and inserting ‘‘If authorized by an order of a Federal court (other than the court established under sec-tion 103(a) of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1803(a))), the Director’’. 
(b) R
IGHT TO FINANCIAL PRIVACY ACT OF  
1978.—Section 1114(a)(5)(A) of the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414(a)(5)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘A certification may only be made under this subparagraph if author-ized by an order of a Federal court (other than the court established under section 103(a) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1803(a))).’’. 
(c) F
AIRCREDIT REPORTING ACT.—The Fair 
Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 626 (15 U.S.C. 1681u)— (A) in subsection (a), in the second sen-
tence, by inserting ‘‘if authorized by an order of a Federal court (other than the court established under section 103(a) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1803(a))) and’’ after ‘‘The Director or the Director’s designee may make such a certification only’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), in the second sen-
tence, by inserting ‘‘if authorized by an order of a Federal court (other than the court established under section 103(a) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1803(a))) and’’ after ‘‘The Director or the Director’s designee may make such a certification only’’; and 
(2) in section 627(b) (15 U.S.C. 1681v(b))— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘F
ORM OF ’’ and inserting ‘‘R EQUIREMENTS  
FOR’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘described in subsection (a) 
shall be signed’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘described in subsection (a)— 
‘‘(1) may only be made if authorized by an 
order of a Federal court (other than the court established under section 103(a) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1803(a))); and 
‘‘(2) shall be signed’’. 
SA 1446. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government 
to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . FOURTH AMENDMENT PRESERVA-
TION AND PROTECTION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Fourth Amendment Preserva-tion and Protection Act of 2015’’. 
(b) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that the 
right under the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States of the peo-ple to be secure in their persons, houses, pa-pers, and effects against unreasonable searches and seizures is violated when the Federal Government or a State or local gov-ernment acquires information voluntarily relinquished by a person to another party for a limited business purpose without the ex-press informed consent of the person to the specific request by the Federal Government or a State or local government or a warrant, upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized. 
(c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘system of records’’ means any group of records from which information is retrieved by the name of the individual or by some identifying number, symbol, or other identi-fying particular associated with the indi-vidual. 
(d) P
ROHIBITION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the Federal Government and a State or local government may not obtain or seek to obtain information relating to an in-dividual or group of individuals held by a third party in a system of records, and no such information shall be admissible in a criminal prosecution in a court of law. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Federal Government 
or a State or local government may obtain, and a court may admit, information relating to an individual held by a third party in a system of records if— 
(A) the individual whose name or identi-
fication information the Federal Govern-ment or State or local government is using to access the information provides express and informed consent to the search; or 
(B) the Federal Government or State or 
local government obtains a warrant, upon probable cause, supported by oath or affir-mation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized. 
SA 1447. Mr. PAUL (for himself and 
Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveil-lance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.010 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3346 May 31, 2015 
SEC. lll . CLARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON 
SEARCHING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICATIONS TO CONDUCT WARRANTLESS SEARCHES FOR THE COMMUNICATIONS OF UNITED STATES PERSONS. 
Section 702(b) of the Foreign Intelligence 
Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881a(b)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respec-tively, and indenting such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, an additional two ems from the left margin; 
(2) by striking ‘‘An acquisition’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An acquisition’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
LARIFICATION ON PROHIBITION ON  
SEARCHING OF COLLECTIONS OF COMMUNICA -
TIONS OF UNITED STATES PERSONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), no officer or employee of the United States may conduct a search of a collection of communications acquired under this section in an effort to find communica-tions of a particular United States person (other than a corporation). 
‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENT AUTHORIZATION AND EX -
CEPTION FOR EMERGENCY SITUATIONS .—Sub-
paragraph (A) shall not apply to a search for communications related to a particular United States person if— 
‘‘(i) such United States person is the sub-
ject of an order or emergency authorization authorizing electronic surveillance or phys-ical search under section 105, 304, 703, 704, or 705 of this Act, or under title 18, United States Code, for the effective period of that order; 
‘‘(ii) the entity carrying out the search has 
a reasonable belief that the life or safety of such United States person is threatened and the information is sought for the purpose of assisting that person; or 
‘‘(iii) such United States person has con-
sented to the search.’’. 
SA 1448. Mr. PAUL (for himself and 
Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveil-lance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON DATA SECURITY VUL-
NERABILITY MANDATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), no agency may mandate that a manufacturer, developer, or seller of cov-ered products design or alter the security functions in its product or service to allow the surveillance of any user of such product or service, or to allow the physical search of such product, by any agency. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to mandates authorized under the Communications Assistance for Law En-forcement Act (47 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code; and 
(2) the term ‘‘covered product’’ means any 
computer hardware, computer software, or electronic device that is made available to the general public. SA 1449. Mr. M CCONNELL (for him-
self and Mr. B URR) proposed an amend-
ment to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Govern-ment to require the production of cer-tain business records, conduct elec-tronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterter-rorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Uniting and Strengthening America by Fulfilling Rights and Ensuring Effective Dis-cipline Over Monitoring Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘USA FREEDOM Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
1. Short title; table of contents. 
2. Amendments to the Foreign Intelligence 
Surveillance Act of 1978. 
TITLE I—FISA BUSINESS RECORDS 
REFORMS 
101. Additional requirements for call detail 
records. 
102. Emergency authority. 103. Prohibition on bulk collection of tan-
gible things. 
104. Judicial review. 105. Liability protection. 106. Compensation for assistance. 107. Notice to the Attorney General on 
changes in retention of call de-tail records. 
108. Definitions. 109. Inspector General reports on business 
records orders. 
110. Effective date. 111. Rule of construction. 
TITLE II—FISA PEN REGISTER AND 
TRAP AND TRACE DEVICE REFORM 
201. Prohibition on bulk collection. 
202. Privacy procedures. 
TITLE III—FISA ACQUISITIONS TAR-
GETING PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES REFORMS 
301. Limits on use of unlawfully obtained in-
formation. 
TITLE IV—FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE 
SURVEILLANCE COURT REFORMS 
401. Appointment of amicus curiae. 
402. Declassification of decisions, orders, and 
opinions. 
TITLE V—NATIONAL SECURITY LETTER 
REFORM 
501. Prohibition on bulk collection. 
502. Limitations on disclosure of national se-
curity letters. 
503. Judicial review. 
TITLE VI—FISA TRANSPARENCY AND 
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS 
601. Additional reporting on orders requiring 
production of business records; business records compliance re-ports to Congress. 
602. Annual reports by the Government. 603. Public reporting by persons subject to 
FISA orders. 
604. Reporting requirements for decisions, or-
ders, and opinions of the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Court and the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court of Review. 
605. Submission of reports under FISA. 
TITLE VII—ENHANCED NATIONAL 
SECURITY PROVISIONS 
701. Emergencies involving non-United 
States persons. 702. Preservation of treatment of non-United 
States persons traveling out-side the United States as agents of foreign powers. 
703. Improvement to investigations of inter-
national proliferation of weap-ons of mass destruction. 
704. Increase in penalties for material sup-
port of foreign terrorist organi-zations. 
705. Sunsets. 
TITLE VIII—SAFETY OF MARITIME NAVI-
GATION AND NUCLEAR TERRORISM CONVENTIONS IMPLEMENTATION 
Subtitle A—Safety of Maritime Navigation 
801. Amendment to section 2280 of title 18, 
United States Code. 
802. New section 2280a of title 18, United 
States Code. 
803. Amendments to section 2281 of title 18, 
United States Code. 
804. New section 2281a of title 18, United 
States Code. 
805. Ancillary measure. 
Subtitle B—Prevention of Nuclear Terrorism 
811. New section 2332i of title 18, United 
States Code. 
812. Amendment to section 831 of title 18, 
United States Code. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS TO THE FOREIGN INTEL-
LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, 
whenever in this Act an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provi-sion, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). 
TITLE I—FISA BUSINESS RECORDS 
REFORMS 
SEC. 101. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR CALL 
DETAIL RECORDS. 
(a) A PPLICATION .—Section 501(b)(2) (50 
U.S.C. 1861(b)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘a statement’’ and inserting ‘‘in the case of an application other than an applica-tion described in subparagraph (C) (including an application for the production of call de-tail records other than in the manner de-scribed in subparagraph (C)), a statement’’; and 
(B) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as subparagraphs (B) and (D), respec-tively; and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (B) (as 
so redesignated) the following new subpara-graph: 
‘‘(C) in the case of an application for the 
production on an ongoing basis of call detail records created before, on, or after the date of the application relating to an authorized investigation (other than a threat assess-ment) conducted in accordance with sub-section (a)(2) to protect against inter-national terrorism, a statement of facts showing that— 
‘‘(i) there are reasonable grounds to believe 
that the call detail records sought to be pro-duced based on the specific selection term required under subparagraph (A) are relevant to such investigation; and 
‘‘(ii) there is a reasonable, articulable sus-
picion that such specific selection term is as-sociated with a foreign power engaged in international terrorism or activities in prep-aration therefor, or an agent of a foreign power engaged in international terrorism or activities in preparation therefor; and’’. 
(b) O
RDER .—Section 501(c)(2) (50 U.S.C. 
1861(c)(2)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.010 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3347 May 31, 2015 
(1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) in the case of an application described 
in subsection (b)(2)(C), shall— 
‘‘(i) authorize the production on a daily 
basis of call detail records for a period not to exceed 180 days; 
‘‘(ii) provide that an order for such produc-
tion may be extended upon application under subsection (b) and the judicial finding under paragraph (1) of this subsection; 
‘‘(iii) provide that the Government may re-
quire the prompt production of a first set of call detail records using the specific selec-tion term that satisfies the standard re-quired under subsection (b)(2)(C)(ii); 
‘‘(iv) provide that the Government may re-
quire the prompt production of a second set of call detail records using session-identi-fying information or a telephone calling card number identified by the specific selection term used to produce call detail records under clause (iii); 
‘‘(v) provide that, when produced, such 
records be in a form that will be useful to the Government; 
‘‘(vi) direct each person the Government 
directs to produce call detail records under the order to furnish the Government forth-with all information, facilities, or technical assistance necessary to accomplish the pro-duction in such a manner as will protect the secrecy of the production and produce a min-imum of interference with the services that such person is providing to each subject of the production; and 
‘‘(vii) direct the Government to— ‘‘(I) adopt minimization procedures that 
require the prompt destruction of all call de-tail records produced under the order that the Government determines are not foreign intelligence information; and 
‘‘(II) destroy all call detail records pro-
duced under the order as prescribed by such procedures.’’. 
SEC. 102. EMERGENCY AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Section 501 (50 U.S.C. 1861) 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(i) E
MERGENCY AUTHORITY FOR PRODUC -
TION OF TANGIBLE THINGS .— 
‘‘(1) Notwithstanding any other provision 
of this section, the Attorney General may re-
quire the emergency production of tangible things if the Attorney General— 
‘‘(A) reasonably determines that an emer-
gency situation requires the production of tangible things before an order authorizing such production can with due diligence be obtained; 
‘‘(B) reasonably determines that the fac-
tual basis for the issuance of an order under this section to approve such production of tangible things exists; 
‘‘(C) informs, either personally or through 
a designee, a judge having jurisdiction under this section at the time the Attorney Gen-eral requires the emergency production of tangible things that the decision has been made to employ the authority under this subsection; and 
‘‘(D) makes an application in accordance 
with this section to a judge having jurisdic-tion under this section as soon as prac-ticable, but not later than 7 days after the Attorney General requires the emergency production of tangible things under this sub-section. 
‘‘(2) If the Attorney General requires the 
emergency production of tangible things under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall require that the minimization proce-dures required by this section for the issuance of a judicial order be followed. ‘‘(3) In the absence of a judicial order ap-
proving the production of tangible things under this subsection, the production shall terminate when the information sought is obtained, when the application for the order is denied, or after the expiration of 7 days from the time the Attorney General begins requiring the emergency production of such tangible things, whichever is earliest. 
‘‘(4) A denial of the application made under 
this subsection may be reviewed as provided in section 103. 
‘‘(5) If such application for approval is de-
nied, or in any other case where the produc-tion of tangible things is terminated and no order is issued approving the production, no information obtained or evidence derived from such production shall be received in evidence or otherwise disclosed in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding in or before any court, grand jury, department, office, agen-cy, regulatory body, legislative committee, or other authority of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision thereof, and no information concerning any United States person acquired from such production shall subsequently be used or disclosed in any other manner by Federal officers or em-ployees without the consent of such person, except with the approval of the Attorney General if the information indicates a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any per-son. 
‘‘(6) The Attorney General shall assess 
compliance with the requirements of para-graph (5).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
501(d) (50 U.S.C. 1861(d)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘pursuant to an order’’ and inserting ‘‘pursuant to an order issued or an emergency production required’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘such 
order’’ and inserting ‘‘such order or such emergency production’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the 
order’’ and inserting ‘‘the order or the emer-gency production’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘an 
order’’ and inserting ‘‘an order or emergency production’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘an 
order’’ and inserting ‘‘an order or emergency production’’. 
SEC. 103. PROHIBITION ON BULK COLLECTION 
OF TANGIBLE THINGS. 
(a) A PPLICATION .—Section 501(b)(2) (50 
U.S.C. 1861(b)(2)), as amended by section 101(a) of this Act, is further amended by in-serting before subparagraph (B), as redesig-nated by such section 101(a) of this Act, the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(A) a specific selection term to be used as 
the basis for the production of the tangible things sought;’’. 
(b) O
RDER .—Section 501(c) (50 U.S.C. 
1861(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking the 
semicolon and inserting ‘‘, including each specific selection term to be used as the basis for the production;’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) No order issued under this subsection 
may authorize the collection of tangible things without the use of a specific selection term that meets the requirements of sub-section (b)(2).’’. 
SEC. 104. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) M INIMIZATION PROCEDURES .— 
(1) J UDICIAL REVIEW .—Section 501(c)(1) (50 
U.S.C. 1861(c)(1)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘subsections (a) and (b)’’ the following: ‘‘and that the minimization procedures sub-mitted in accordance with subsection (b)(2)(D) meet the definition of minimization 
procedures under subsection (g)’’. 
(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Section 501(g) 
(50 U.S.C. 1861(g)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall limit the authority of the court established under section 103(a) to impose additional, particularized minimiza-tion procedures with regard to the produc-tion, retention, or dissemination of nonpub-licly available information concerning unconsenting United States persons, includ-ing additional, particularized procedures re-lated to the destruction of information with-in a reasonable time period.’’. 
(3) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 501(g)(1) (50 U.S.C. 1861(g)(1)) 
is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the USA PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and 
(B) by inserting after ‘‘adopt’’ the fol-
lowing: ‘‘, and update as appropriate,’’. 
(b) O
RDERS .—Section 501(f)(2) (50 U.S.C. 
1861(f)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘that order’’ and inserting 
‘‘the production order or any nondisclosure order imposed in connection with the pro-duction order’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence; and (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking clause (ii); and (B) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause 
(ii). 
SEC. 105. LIABILITY PROTECTION. 
Section 501(e) (50 U.S.C. 1861(e)) is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘(e)(1) No cause of action shall lie in any 
court against a person who— 
‘‘(A) produces tangible things or provides 
information, facilities, or technical assist-ance in accordance with an order issued or an emergency production required under this section; or 
‘‘(B) otherwise provides technical assist-
ance to the Government under this section or to implement the amendments made to this section by the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015. 
‘‘(2) A production or provision of informa-
tion, facilities, or technical assistance de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver of any privilege in any other proceeding or context.’’. 
SEC. 106. COMPENSATION FOR ASSISTANCE. 
Section 501 (50 U.S.C. 1861), as amended by 
section 102 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(j) C
OMPENSATION .—The Government shall 
compensate a person for reasonable expenses incurred for— 
‘‘(1) producing tangible things or providing 
information, facilities, or assistance in ac-cordance with an order issued with respect to an application described in subsection (b)(2)(C) or an emergency production under subsection (i) that, to comply with sub-section (i)(1)(D), requires an application de-scribed in subsection (b)(2)(C); or 
‘‘(2) otherwise providing technical assist-
ance to the Government under this section or to implement the amendments made to this section by the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015.’’. 
SEC. 107. NOTICE TO THE ATTORNEY GENERAL 
ON CHANGES IN RETENTION OF CALL DETAIL RECORDS. 
Section 501 (50 U.S.C. 1861), as amended by 
section 106 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(k) P
ROSPECTIVE CHANGES TO EXISTING  
PRACTICES RELATED TO CALL DETAIL  
RECORDS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.011 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3348 May 31, 2015 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with sub-
section (c)(2)(F), an electronic communica-tion service provider that has been issued an order to produce call detail records pursuant to an order under subsection (c) shall notify the Attorney General if that service provider intends to retain its call detail records for a period less than 18 months. 
‘‘(2) T
IMING OF NOTICE .—A notification 
under paragraph (1) shall be made not less than 180 days prior to the date such elec-tronic communications service provider in-tends to implement a policy to retain such records for a period less than 18 months.’’. 
SEC. 108. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 501 (50 U.S.C. 1861), as amended by 
section 107 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(l) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The terms ‘foreign 
power’, ‘agent of a foreign power’, ‘inter-national terrorism’, ‘foreign intelligence in-formation’, ‘Attorney General’, ‘United States person’, ‘United States’, ‘person’, and ‘State’ have the meanings provided those terms in section 101. 
‘‘(2) A
DDRESS .—The term ‘address’ means a 
physical address or electronic address, such as an electronic mail address or temporarily assigned network address (including an Internet protocol address). 
‘‘(3) C
ALL DETAIL RECORD .—The term ‘call 
detail record’— 
‘‘(A) means session-identifying informa-
tion (including an originating or terminating telephone number, an International Mobile Subscriber Identity number, or an Inter-national Mobile Station Equipment Identity number), a telephone calling card number, or the time or duration of a call; and 
‘‘(B) does not include— ‘‘(i) the contents (as defined in section 
2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any communication; 
‘‘(ii) the name, address, or financial infor-
mation of a subscriber or customer; or 
‘‘(iii) cell site location or global posi-
tioning system information. 
‘‘(4) S
PECIFIC SELECTION TERM .— 
‘‘(A) T ANGIBLE THINGS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), a ‘specific selection term’— 
‘‘(I) is a term that specifically identifies a 
person, account, address, or personal device, or any other specific identifier; and 
‘‘(II) is used to limit, to the greatest extent 
reasonably practicable, the scope of tangible things sought consistent with the purpose for seeking the tangible things. 
‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—A specific selection term 
under clause (i) does not include an identi-fier that does not limit, to the greatest ex-tent reasonably practicable, the scope of tan-gible things sought consistent with the pur-pose for seeking the tangible things, such as an identifier that— 
‘‘(I) identifies an electronic communica-
tion service provider (as that term is defined in section 701) or a provider of remote com-puting service (as that term is defined in sec-tion 2711 of title 18, United States Code), when not used as part of a specific identifier as described in clause (i), unless the provider is itself a subject of an authorized investiga-tion for which the specific selection term is used as the basis for the production; or 
‘‘(II) identifies a broad geographic region, 
including the United States, a city, a coun-ty, a State, a zip code, or an area code, when not used as part of a specific identifier as de-scribed in clause (i). 
‘‘(iii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed to preclude the use of multiple terms or identifiers to meet the requirements of clause (i). ‘‘(B) C
ALL DETAIL RECORD APPLICATIONS .— 
For purposes of an application submitted under subsection (b)(2)(C), the term ‘specific selection term’ means a term that specifi-cally identifies an individual, account, or personal device.’’. 
SEC. 109. INSPECTOR GENERAL REPORTS ON 
BUSINESS RECORDS ORDERS. 
Section 106A of the USA PATRIOT Im-
provement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–177; 120 Stat. 200) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and cal-
endar years 2012 through 2014’’ after ‘‘2006’’; 
(B) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; and 
(D) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-
ing the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) with respect to calendar years 2012 
through 2014, an examination of the mini-mization procedures used in relation to or-ders under section 501 of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861) and whether the minimization proce-dures adequately protect the constitutional rights of United States persons;’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘(as 
such term is defined in section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 401a(4)))’’; 
(2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) C
ALENDAR YEARS 2012 THROUGH 2014 .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015, the Inspector General of the Department of Jus-tice shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Select Committee on In-telligence of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report containing the re-sults of the audit conducted under sub-section (a) for calendar years 2012 through 2014.’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) 
as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; 
(4) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d) I
NTELLIGENCE ASSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For the period beginning 
on January 1, 2012, and ending on December 31, 2014, the Inspector General of the Intel-ligence Community shall assess— 
‘‘(A) the importance of the information ac-
quired under title V of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.) to the activities of the intel-ligence community; 
‘‘(B) the manner in which that information 
was collected, retained, analyzed, and dis-seminated by the intelligence community; 
‘‘(C) the minimization procedures used by 
elements of the intelligence community under such title and whether the minimiza-tion procedures adequately protect the con-stitutional rights of United States persons; and 
‘‘(D) any minimization procedures pro-
posed by an element of the intelligence com-munity under such title that were modified or denied by the court established under sec-tion 103(a) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1803(a)). 
‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION DATE FOR ASSESSMENT .— 
Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Justice submits the report required under subsection (c)(3), the Inspector Gen-eral of the Intelligence Community shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report containing the results of the assess-
ment for calendar years 2012 through 2014.’’; 
(5) in subsection (e), as redesignated by 
paragraph (3)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘a report under subsection 
(c)(1) or (c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘any report under subsection (c) or (d)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Inspector General of the 
Department of Justice’’ and inserting ‘‘In-spector General of the Department of Jus-tice, the Inspector General of the Intel-ligence Community, and any Inspector Gen-eral of an element of the intelligence com-munity that prepares a report to assist the Inspector General of the Department of Jus-tice or the Inspector General of the Intel-ligence Community in complying with the requirements of this section’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the re-
ports submitted under subsections (c)(1) and (c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘any report submitted under subsection (c) or (d)’’; 
(6) in subsection (f), as redesignated by 
paragraph (3)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘The reports submitted 
under subsections (c)(1) and (c)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘Each report submitted under sub-section (c)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘subsection (d)(2)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘subsection (e)(2)’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) I NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term 
‘intelligence community’ has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
‘‘(2) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term 
‘United States person’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801).’’. 
SEC. 110. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amendments made by 
sections 101 through 103 shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) R
EVIEW AND CERTIFICATION .—The Direc-
tor of National Intelligence shall— 
(1) review the implementation of the tran-
sition from the existing procedures for the production of call detail records under title V of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), as in effect prior to the effective date for the amend-ments made by sections 101 through 103 of this Act, to the new procedures pursuant to the amendments made by sections 101 through 103 of this Act; and 
(2) not later than 30 days before the effec-
tive date specified in subsection (a), certify to Congress in writing that— 
(A) the implementation of the transition 
described in paragraph (1) is operationally effective to allow the timely retrieval of for-eign intelligence information from recipients of an order issued under section 501(c)(2)(F) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978, as amended by section 101 of this Act; and 
(B) the implementation of the amendments 
made by section 101 through 103 of this Act— 
(i) will not harm the national security of 
the United States; and 
(ii) will ensure the protection of classified 
information and classified intelligence sources and methods related to such produc-tion of call detail records. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this Act shall be construed to alter or elimi-nate the authority of the Government to ob-tain an order under title V of the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.) as in effect prior to the effective date described in subsection (a) during the period ending on such effective date. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.011 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3349 May 31, 2015 
SEC. 111. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to 
authorize the production of the contents (as such term is defined in section 2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any electronic communication from an electronic commu-nication service provider (as such term is de-fined in section 701(b)(4) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881(b)(4))) under title V of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.). 
TITLE II—FISA PEN REGISTER AND TRAP 
AND TRACE DEVICE REFORM 
SEC. 201. PROHIBITION ON BULK COLLECTION. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Section 402(c) (50 U.S.C. 
1842(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) a specific selection term to be used as 
the basis for the use of the pen register or trap and trace device.’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION .—Section 401 (50 U.S.C. 1841) 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(4)(A) The term ‘specific selection term’— ‘‘(i) is a term that specifically identifies a 
person, account, address, or personal device, or any other specific identifier; and 
‘‘(ii) is used to limit, to the greatest extent 
reasonably practicable, the scope of informa-tion sought, consistent with the purpose for seeking the use of the pen register or trap and trace device. 
‘‘(B) A specific selection term under sub-
paragraph (A) does not include an identifier that does not limit, to the greatest extent reasonably practicable, the scope of informa-tion sought, consistent with the purpose for seeking the use of the pen register or trap and trace device, such as an identifier that— 
‘‘(i) identifies an electronic communica-
tion service provider (as that term is defined in section 701) or a provider of remote com-puting service (as that term is defined in sec-tion 2711 of title 18, United States Code), when not used as part of a specific identifier as described in subparagraph (A), unless the provider is itself a subject of an authorized investigation for which the specific selection term is used as the basis for the use; or 
‘‘(ii) identifies a broad geographic region, 
including the United States, a city, a coun-ty, a State, a zip code, or an area code, when not used as part of a specific identifier as de-scribed in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(C) For purposes of subparagraph (A), the 
term ‘address’ means a physical address or electronic address, such as an electronic mail address or temporarily assigned net-work address (including an Internet protocol address). 
‘‘(D) Nothing in this paragraph shall be 
construed to preclude the use of multiple terms or identifiers to meet the require-ments of subparagraph (A).’’. 
SEC. 202. PRIVACY PROCEDURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 402 (50 U.S.C. 
1842) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(h) P
RIVACY PROCEDURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall ensure that appropriate policies and procedures are in place to safeguard nonpub-licly available information concerning United States persons that is collected through the use of a pen register or trap and trace device installed under this section. Such policies and procedures shall, to the maximum extent practicable and consistent with the need to protect national security, include privacy protections that apply to the collection, retention, and use of information concerning United States persons. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection limits the authority of the court established under section 103(a) or of the Attorney General to impose additional privacy or minimization procedures with re-gard to the installation or use of a pen reg-ister or trap and trace device.’’. 
(b) E
MERGENCY AUTHORITY .—Section 403 (50 
U.S.C. 1843) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) P
RIVACY PROCEDURES .—Information 
collected through the use of a pen register or trap and trace device installed under this section shall be subject to the policies and procedures required under section 402(h).’’. 
TITLE III—FISA ACQUISITIONS TAR-
GETING PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES REFORMS 
SEC. 301. LIMITS ON USE OF UNLAWFULLY OB-
TAINED INFORMATION. 
Section 702(i)(3) (50 U.S.C. 1881a(i)(3)) is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) L
IMITATION ON USE OF INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), if the Court orders a correction of a deficiency in a certification or procedures under subparagraph (B), no information ob-tained or evidence derived pursuant to the part of the certification or procedures that has been identified by the Court as deficient concerning any United States person shall be received in evidence or otherwise disclosed in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding in or before any court, grand jury, department, office, agency, regulatory body, legislative committee, or other authority of the United States, a State, or political subdivision thereof, and no information concerning any United States person acquired pursuant to such part of such certification or procedures shall subsequently be used or disclosed in any other manner by Federal officers or em-ployees without the consent of the United States person, except with the approval of the Attorney General if the information in-dicates a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any person. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—If the Government cor-
rects any deficiency identified by the order of the Court under subparagraph (B), the Court may permit the use or disclosure of in-formation obtained before the date of the correction under such minimization proce-dures as the Court may approve for purposes of this clause.’’. 
TITLE IV—FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE 
SURVEILLANCE COURT REFORMS 
SEC. 401. APPOINTMENT OF AMICUS CURIAE. 
Section 103 (50 U.S.C. 1803) is amended by 
adding at the end the following new sub-sections: 
‘‘(i) A
MICUS CURIAE .— 
‘‘(1) D ESIGNATION .—The presiding judges of 
the courts established under subsections (a) and (b) shall, not later than 180 days after the enactment of this subsection, jointly designate not fewer than 5 individuals to be eligible to serve as amicus curiae, who shall serve pursuant to rules the presiding judges may establish. In designating such individ-uals, the presiding judges may consider indi-viduals recommended by any source, includ-ing members of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board, the judges determine appropriate. 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b), consistent with the requirement of subsection (c) and any other statutory requirement that the court act expeditiously or within a stated time— 
‘‘(A) shall appoint an individual who has 
been designated under paragraph (1) to serve as amicus curiae to assist such court in the consideration of any application for an order or review that, in the opinion of the court, presents a novel or significant interpretation of the law, unless the court issues a finding 
that such appointment is not appropriate; and 
‘‘(B) may appoint an individual or organi-
zation to serve as amicus curiae, including to provide technical expertise, in any in-stance as such court deems appropriate or, upon motion, permit an individual or organi-zation leave to file an amicus curiae brief. 
‘‘(3) Q
UALIFICATIONS OF AMICUS CURIAE .— 
‘‘(A) E XPERTISE .—Individuals designated 
under paragraph (1) shall be persons who pos-sess expertise in privacy and civil liberties, 
intelligence collection, communications technology, or any other area that may lend legal or technical expertise to a court estab-lished under subsection (a) or (b). 
‘‘(B) S
ECURITY CLEARANCE .—Individuals 
designated pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be persons who are determined to be eligible for access to classified information necessary to participate in matters before the courts. Amicus curiae appointed by the court pursu-ant to paragraph (2) shall be persons who are determined to be eligible for access to classi-fied information, if such access is necessary to participate in the matters in which they may be appointed. 
‘‘(4) D
UTIES .—If a court established under 
subsection (a) or (b) appoints an amicus cu-riae under paragraph (2)(A), the amicus cu-riae shall provide to the court, as appro-priate— 
‘‘(A) legal arguments that advance the pro-
tection of individual privacy and civil lib-erties; 
‘‘(B) information related to intelligence 
collection or communications technology; or 
‘‘(C) legal arguments or information re-
garding any other area relevant to the issue presented to the court. 
‘‘(5) A
SSISTANCE .—An amicus curiae ap-
pointed under paragraph (2)(A) may request that the court designate or appoint addi-tional amici curiae pursuant to paragraph (1) or paragraph (2), to be available to assist the amicus curiae. 
‘‘(6) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) appoints an ami-cus curiae under paragraph (2), the amicus curiae— 
‘‘(i) shall have access to any legal prece-
dent, application, certification, petition, mo-tion, or such other materials that the court determines are relevant to the duties of the amicus curiae; and 
‘‘(ii) may, if the court determines that it is 
relevant to the duties of the amicus curiae, consult with any other individuals des-ignated pursuant to paragraph (1) regarding information relevant to any assigned pro-ceeding. 
‘‘(B) B
RIEFINGS .—The Attorney General 
may periodically brief or provide relevant materials to individuals designated pursuant to paragraph (1) regarding constructions and interpretations of this Act and legal, techno-logical, and other issues related to actions authorized by this Act. 
‘‘(C) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—An amicus 
curiae designated or appointed by the court may have access to classified documents, in-formation, and other materials or pro-ceedings only if that individual is eligible for access to classified information and to the extent consistent with the national security of the United States. 
‘‘(D) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to require the Government to provide information to an amicus curiae appointed by the court that is privileged from disclosure. 
‘‘(7) N
OTIFICATION .—A presiding judge of a 
court established under subsection (a) or (b) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.011 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3350 May 31, 2015 
shall notify the Attorney General of each ex-
ercise of the authority to appoint an indi-vidual to serve as amicus curiae under para-graph (2). 
‘‘(8) A
SSISTANCE .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) may request and receive (including on a nonreimbursable basis) the assistance of the executive branch in the implementation of this subsection. 
‘‘(9) A
DMINISTRATION .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) may provide for the designation, appointment, removal, training, or other support for an individual designated to serve as amicus curiae under paragraph (1) or appointed to serve as amicus curiae under paragraph (2) in a manner that is not inconsistent with this subsection. 
‘‘(10) R
ECEIPT OF INFORMATION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall limit the ability of a court established under subsection (a) or (b) to request or receive information or mate-rials from, or otherwise communicate with, the Government or amicus curiae appointed under paragraph (2) on an ex parte basis, nor limit any special or heightened obligation in any ex parte communication or proceeding. 
‘‘(j) R
EVIEW OF FISA C OURT DECISIONS .— 
Following issuance of an order under this Act, a court established under subsection (a) shall certify for review to the court estab-lished under subsection (b) any question of law that may affect resolution of the matter in controversy that the court determines warrants such review because of a need for uniformity or because consideration by the court established under subsection (b) would serve the interests of justice. Upon certifi-cation of a question of law under this sub-section, the court established under sub-section (b) may give binding instructions or require the entire record to be sent up for de-cision of the entire matter in controversy. 
‘‘(k) R
EVIEW OF FISA C OURT OF REVIEW DE-
CISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) C ERTIFICATION .—For purposes of sec-
tion 1254(2) of title 28, United States Code, the court of review established under sub-section (b) shall be considered to be a court of appeals. 
‘‘(2) A
MICUS CURIAE BRIEFING .—Upon cer-
tification of an application under paragraph (1), the Supreme Court of the United States may appoint an amicus curiae designated under subsection (i)(1), or any other person, to provide briefing or other assistance.’’. 
SEC. 402. DECLASSIFICATION OF DECISIONS, OR-
DERS, AND OPINIONS. 
(a) D ECLASSIFICATION .—Title VI (50 U.S.C. 
1871 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ REPORT-
ING REQUIREMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘ OVER-
SIGHT ’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
section: 
‘‘SEC. 602. DECLASSIFICATION OF SIGNIFICANT 
DECISIONS, ORDERS, AND OPINIONS. 
‘‘(a) D ECLASSIFICATION REQUIRED .—Subject 
to subsection (b), the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the Attor-ney General, shall conduct a declassification review of each decision, order, or opinion issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court or the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Court of Review (as defined in sec-tion 601(e)) that includes a significant con-struction or interpretation of any provision of law, including any novel or significant construction or interpretation of the term ‘specific selection term’, and, consistent with that review, make publicly available to the greatest extent practicable each such de-cision, order, or opinion. 
‘‘(b) R
EDACTED FORM.—The Director of Na-
tional Intelligence, in consultation with the Attorney General, may satisfy the require-ment under subsection (a) to make a deci-sion, order, or opinion described in such sub-section publicly available to the greatest ex-
tent practicable by making such decision, order, or opinion publicly available in re-dacted form. 
‘‘(c) N
ATIONAL SECURITY WAIVER .—The Di-
rector of National Intelligence, in consulta-tion with the Attorney General, may waive the requirement to declassify and make pub-licly available a particular decision, order, or opinion under subsection (a), if— 
‘‘(1) the Director of National Intelligence, 
in consultation with the Attorney General, determines that a waiver of such require-ment is necessary to protect the national se-curity of the United States or properly clas-sified intelligence sources or methods; and 
‘‘(2) the Director of National Intelligence 
makes publicly available an unclassified statement prepared by the Attorney General, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence— 
‘‘(A) summarizing the significant construc-
tion or interpretation of any provision of law, which shall include, to the extent con-sistent with national security, a description of the context in which the matter arises and any significant construction or interpreta-tion of any statute, constitutional provision, or other legal authority relied on by the de-cision; and 
‘‘(B) that specifies that the statement has 
been prepared by the Attorney General and constitutes no part of the opinion of the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Court or the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENTS .—The 
table of contents in the first section is amended— 
(1) by striking the item relating to title VI 
and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘TITLE VI—OVERSIGHT’’; 
and 
(2) by inserting after the item relating to 
section 601 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 602. Declassification of significant de-
cisions, orders, and opinions.’’. 
TITLE V—NATIONAL SECURITY LETTER 
REFORM 
SEC. 501. PROHIBITION ON BULK COLLECTION. 
(a) C OUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACCESS TO TELE-
PHONE TOLL AND TRANSACTIONAL RECORDS .— 
Section 2709(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘may’’ and insert-ing ‘‘may, using a term that specifically identifies a person, entity, telephone num-ber, or account as the basis for a request’’. 
(b) A
CCESS TO FINANCIAL RECORDS FOR CER-
TAIN INTELLIGENCE AND PROTECTIVE PUR-
POSES .—Section 1114(a)(2) of the Right to Fi-
nancial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414(a)(2)) is amended by striking the period and inserting ‘‘and a term that specifically identifies a customer, entity, or account to be used as the basis for the production and disclosure of financial records.’’. 
(c) D
ISCLOSURES TO FBI OFCERTAIN CON-
SUMER RECORDS FOR COUNTERINTELLIGENCE  
PURPOSES .—Section 626 of the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘that in-
formation,’’ and inserting ‘‘that information that includes a term that specifically identi-fies a consumer or account to be used as the basis for the production of that informa-tion,’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘written 
request,’’ and inserting ‘‘written request that includes a term that specifically identi-fies a consumer or account to be used as the basis for the production of that informa-tion,’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘, which 
shall include a term that specifically identi-fies a consumer or account to be used as the basis for the production of the information,’’ 
after ‘‘issue an order ex parte’’. 
(d) D
ISCLOSURES TO GOVERNMENTAL AGEN-
CIES FOR COUNTERTERRORISM PURPOSES OF  
CONSUMER REPORTS .—Section 627(a) of the 
Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681v(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘analysis.’’ and in-serting ‘‘analysis and that includes a term that specifically identifies a consumer or ac-count to be used as the basis for the produc-tion of such information.’’. 
SEC. 502. LIMITATIONS ON DISCLOSURE OF NA-
TIONAL SECURITY LETTERS. 
(a) C OUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACCESS TO TELE-
PHONE TOLL AND TRANSACTIONAL RECORDS .— 
Section 2709 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (c) and in-serting the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION OF CERTAIN DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a certification is 
issued under subparagraph (B) and notice of the right to judicial review under subsection (d) is provided, no wire or electronic commu-nication service provider that receives a re-quest under subsection (b), or officer, em-ployee, or agent thereof, shall disclose to any person that the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation has sought or obtained access to in-formation or records under this section. 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The requirements of 
subparagraph (A) shall apply if the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, or a designee of the Director whose rank shall be no lower than Deputy Assistant Director at Bureau headquarters or a Special Agent in Charge of a Bureau field office, certifies that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this subsection may result in— 
‘‘(i) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(ii) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(iii) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(iv) danger to the life or physical safety 
of any person. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A wire or electronic 
communication service provider that re-ceives a request under subsection (b), or offi-cer, employee, or agent thereof, may disclose information otherwise subject to any appli-cable nondisclosure requirement to— 
‘‘(i) those persons to whom disclosure is 
necessary in order to comply with the re-quest; 
‘‘(ii) an attorney in order to obtain legal 
advice or assistance regarding the request; or 
‘‘(iii) other persons as permitted by the Di-
rector of the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the designee of the Director. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—A person to whom dis-
closure is made under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the nondisclosure requirements applicable to a person to whom a request is issued under subsection (b) in the same man-ner as the person to whom the request is issued. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Any recipient that discloses 
to a person described in subparagraph (A) in-formation otherwise subject to a nondisclo-sure requirement shall notify the person of the applicable nondisclosure requirement. 
‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE RECIPI -
ENTS .—At the request of the Director of the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation or the des-ignee of the Director, any person making or intending to make a disclosure under clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall identify to the Director or such designee the person to whom such disclosure will be made or to whom such disclosure was made prior to the request.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.011 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3351 May 31, 2015 
(b) A CCESS TO FINANCIAL RECORDS FOR CER-
TAIN INTELLIGENCE AND PROTECTIVE PUR-
POSES .—Section 1114 of the Right to Finan-
cial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(5), by striking sub-
paragraph (D); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION OF CERTAIN DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a certification is 
issued under subparagraph (B) and notice of the right to judicial review under subsection (d) is provided, no financial institution that receives a request under subsection (a), or of-ficer, employee, or agent thereof, shall dis-close to any person that the Federal Bureau of Investigation has sought or obtained ac-cess to information or records under sub-section (a). 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The requirements of 
subparagraph (A) shall apply if the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, or a designee of the Director whose rank shall be no lower than Deputy Assistant Director at 
Bureau headquarters or a Special Agent in Charge of a Bureau field office, certifies that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this subsection may result in— 
‘‘(i) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(ii) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(iii) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(iv) danger to the life or physical safety 
of any person. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A financial institution 
that receives a request under subsection (a), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, may disclose information otherwise subject to any applicable nondisclosure requirement to— 
‘‘(i) those persons to whom disclosure is 
necessary in order to comply with the re-quest; 
‘‘(ii) an attorney in order to obtain legal 
advice or assistance regarding the request; or 
‘‘(iii) other persons as permitted by the Di-
rector of the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the designee of the Director. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—A person to whom dis-
closure is made under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the nondisclosure requirements applicable to a person to whom a request is issued under subsection (a) in the same man-ner as the person to whom the request is issued. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Any recipient that discloses 
to a person described in subparagraph (A) in-formation otherwise subject to a nondisclo-sure requirement shall inform the person of the applicable nondisclosure requirement. 
‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE RECIPI -
ENTS .—At the request of the Director of the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation or the des-ignee of the Director, any person making or intending to make a disclosure under clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall identify to the Director or such designee the person to whom such disclosure will be made or to whom such disclosure was made prior to the request.’’. 
(c) I
DENTITY OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  
AND CREDIT REPORTS .—Section 626 of the 
Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u) is amended by striking subsection (d) and in-serting the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION OF CERTAIN DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a certification is 
issued under subparagraph (B) and notice of the right to judicial review under subsection (e) is provided, no consumer reporting agen-cy that receives a request under subsection 
(a) or (b) or an order under subsection (c), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, shall dis-close or specify in any consumer report, that the Federal Bureau of Investigation has sought or obtained access to information or records under subsection (a), (b), or (c). 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The requirements of 
subparagraph (A) shall apply if the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, or a designee of the Director whose rank shall be no lower than Deputy Assistant Director at Bureau headquarters or a Special Agent in Charge of a Bureau field office, certifies that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this subsection may result in— 
‘‘(i) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(ii) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(iii) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(iv) danger to the life or physical safety 
of any person. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A consumer reporting 
agency that receives a request under sub-section (a) or (b) or an order under sub-section (c), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, may disclose information otherwise subject to any applicable nondisclosure re-quirement to— 
‘‘(i) those persons to whom disclosure is 
necessary in order to comply with the re-quest; 
‘‘(ii) an attorney in order to obtain legal 
advice or assistance regarding the request; or 
‘‘(iii) other persons as permitted by the Di-
rector of the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the designee of the Director. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—A person to whom dis-
closure is made under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the nondisclosure requirements applicable to a person to whom a request under subsection (a) or (b) or an order under subsection (c) is issued in the same manner as the person to whom the request is issued. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Any recipient that discloses 
to a person described in subparagraph (A) in-formation otherwise subject to a nondisclo-sure requirement shall inform the person of the applicable nondisclosure requirement. 
‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE RECIPI -
ENTS .—At the request of the Director of the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation or the des-ignee of the Director, any person making or intending to make a disclosure under clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall identify to the Director or such designee the person to whom such disclosure will be made or to whom such disclosure was made prior to the request.’’. 
(d) C
ONSUMER REPORTS .—Section 627 of the 
Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681v) is amended by striking subsection (c) and in-serting the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION OF CERTAIN DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a certification is 
issued under subparagraph (B) and notice of the right to judicial review under subsection (d) is provided, no consumer reporting agen-cy that receives a request under subsection (a), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, shall disclose or specify in any consumer re-port, that a government agency described in subsection (a) has sought or obtained access to information or records under subsection (a). 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The requirements of 
subparagraph (A) shall apply if the head of the government agency described in sub-section (a), or a designee, certifies that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this subsection may result in— ‘‘(i) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(ii) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(iii) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(iv) danger to the life or physical safety 
of any person. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A consumer reporting 
agency that receives a request under sub-section (a), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, may disclose information otherwise subject to any applicable nondisclosure re-quirement to— 
‘‘(i) those persons to whom disclosure is 
necessary in order to comply with the re-quest; 
‘‘(ii) an attorney in order to obtain legal 
advice or assistance regarding the request; or 
‘‘(iii) other persons as permitted by the 
head of the government agency described in subsection (a) or a designee. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—A person to whom dis-
closure is made under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the nondisclosure requirements applicable to a person to whom a request under subsection (a) is issued in the same manner as the person to whom the request is issued. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Any recipient that discloses 
to a person described in subparagraph (A) in-formation otherwise subject to a nondisclo-sure requirement shall inform the person of the applicable nondisclosure requirement. 
‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE RECIPI -
ENTS .—At the request of the head of the gov-
ernment agency described in subsection (a) or a designee, any person making or intend-ing to make a disclosure under clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall identify to the head or such designee the person to whom such disclosure will be made or to whom such disclosure was made prior to the re-quest.’’. 
(e) I
NVESTIGATIONS OF PERSONS WITHAC-
CESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Section 
802 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3162) is amended by striking sub-section (b) and inserting the following new subsection: 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION OF CERTAIN DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a certification is 
issued under subparagraph (B) and notice of the right to judicial review under subsection (c) is provided, no governmental or private entity that receives a request under sub-section (a), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, shall disclose to any person that an authorized investigative agency described in subsection (a) has sought or obtained access to information under subsection (a). 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The requirements of 
subparagraph (A) shall apply if the head of an authorized investigative agency described in subsection (a), or a designee, certifies that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this subsection may result in— 
‘‘(i) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(ii) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(iii) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(iv) danger to the life or physical safety 
of any person. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A governmental or pri-
vate entity that receives a request under subsection (a), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, may disclose information otherwise subject to any applicable nondisclosure re-quirement to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.011 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3352 May 31, 2015 
‘‘(i) those persons to whom disclosure is 
necessary in order to comply with the re-quest; 
‘‘(ii) an attorney in order to obtain legal 
advice or assistance regarding the request; or 
‘‘(iii) other persons as permitted by the 
head of the authorized investigative agency described in subsection (a) or a designee. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—A person to whom dis-
closure is made under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the nondisclosure requirements applicable to a person to whom a request is issued under subsection (a) in the same man-ner as the person to whom the request is issued. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Any recipient that discloses 
to a person described in subparagraph (A) in-formation otherwise subject to a nondisclo-sure requirement shall inform the person of the applicable nondisclosure requirement. 
‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE RECIPI -
ENTS .—At the request of the head of an au-
thorized investigative agency described in subsection (a), or a designee, any person making or intending to make a disclosure under clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall identify to the head of the authorized investigative agency or such designee the person to whom such disclosure will be made or to whom such disclosure was made prior 
to the request.’’. 
(f) T
ERMINATION PROCEDURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall adopt procedures with respect to nondisclosure requirements issued pursuant to section 2709 of title 18, United States Code, section 626 or 627 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u and 1681v), section 1114 of the Right to Fi-nancial Privacy Act (12 U.S.C. 3414), or sec-tion 802 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3162), as amended by this Act, to require— 
(A) the review at appropriate intervals of 
such a nondisclosure requirement to assess whether the facts supporting nondisclosure continue to exist; 
(B) the termination of such a nondisclosure 
requirement if the facts no longer support nondisclosure; and 
(C) appropriate notice to the recipient of 
the national security letter, or officer, em-ployee, or agent thereof, subject to the non-disclosure requirement, and the applicable court as appropriate, that the nondisclosure requirement has been terminated. 
(2) R
EPORTING .—Upon adopting the proce-
dures required under paragraph (1), the At-torney General shall submit the procedures to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. 
(g) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Section 3511 of title 
18, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing subsection (b) and inserting the following new subsection: 
‘‘(b) N
ONDISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) N OTICE .—If a recipient of a request or 
order for a report, records, or other informa-tion under section 2709 of this title, section 626 or 627 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u and 1681v), section 1114 of the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414), or section 802 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3162), wishes to have a court review a nondisclosure re-quirement imposed in connection with the request or order, the recipient may notify the Government or file a petition for judicial review in any court described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of receipt of a notification under subparagraph (A), the Government shall apply for an order prohibiting the dis-closure of the existence or contents of the 
relevant request or order. An application under this subparagraph may be filed in the district court of the United States for the ju-dicial district in which the recipient of the order is doing business or in the district court of the United States for any judicial district within which the authorized inves-tigation that is the basis for the request is being conducted. The applicable nondisclo-sure requirement shall remain in effect dur-ing the pendency of proceedings relating to the requirement. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSIDERATION .—A district court of 
the United States that receives a petition under subparagraph (A) or an application under subparagraph (B) should rule expedi-tiously, and shall, subject to paragraph (3), issue a nondisclosure order that includes conditions appropriate to the circumstances. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION CONTENTS .—An applica-
tion for a nondisclosure order or extension thereof or a response to a petition filed under paragraph (1) shall include a certifi-cation from the Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General, an Assistant Attorney General, or the Director of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, or a designee in a posi-tion not lower than Deputy Assistant Direc-tor at Bureau headquarters or a Special Agent in Charge in a Bureau field office des-ignated by the Director, or in the case of a request by a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the Federal Government other than the Department of Justice, the head or deputy head of the department, agency, or instrumentality, containing a statement of specific facts indicating that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this sub-section may result in— 
‘‘(A) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(B) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(C) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(D) danger to the life or physical safety of 
any person. 
‘‘(3) S
TANDARD .—A district court of the 
United States shall issue a nondisclosure order or extension thereof under this sub-section if the court determines that there is reason to believe that disclosure of the infor-mation subject to the nondisclosure require-ment during the applicable time period may result in— 
‘‘(A) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(B) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(C) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(D) danger to the life or physical safety of 
any person.’’. 
SEC. 503. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) C OUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACCESS TO TELE-
PHONE TOLL AND TRANSACTIONAL RECORDS .— 
Section 2709 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), 
and (f) as subsections (e), (f), and (g), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A request under sub-
section (b) or a nondisclosure requirement imposed in connection with such request under subsection (c) shall be subject to judi-cial review under section 3511. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—A request under subsection 
(b) shall include notice of the availability of judicial review described in paragraph (1).’’. 
(b) A
CCESS TO FINANCIAL RECORDS FOR CER-
TAIN INTELLIGENCE AND PROTECTIVE PUR-POSES .—Section 1114 of the Right to Finan-
cial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A request under sub-
section (a) or a nondisclosure requirement imposed in connection with such request under subsection (c) shall be subject to judi-cial review under section 3511 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—A request under subsection 
(a) shall include notice of the availability of judicial review described in paragraph (1).’’. 
(c) I
DENTITY OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  
AND CREDIT REPORTS .—Section 626 of the 
Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (e) 
through (m) as subsections (f) through (n), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(e) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A request under sub-
section (a) or (b) or an order under sub-section (c) or a non-disclosure requirement imposed in connection with such request under subsection (d) shall be subject to judi-cial review under section 3511 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—A request under subsection 
(a) or (b) or an order under subsection (c) shall include notice of the availability of ju-dicial review described in paragraph (1).’’. 
(d) I
DENTITY OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  
AND CREDIT REPORTS .—Section 627 of the 
Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681v) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), 
and (f) as subsections (e), (f), and (g), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A request under sub-
section (a) or a non-disclosure requirement imposed in connection with such request under subsection (c) shall be subject to judi-cial review under section 3511 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—A request under subsection 
(a) shall include notice of the availability of judicial review described in paragraph (1).’’. 
(e) I
NVESTIGATIONS OF PERSONS WITHAC-
CESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Section 
802 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3162) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) 
through (f) as subsections (d) through (g), re-spectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A request under sub-
section (a) or a nondisclosure requirement imposed in connection with such request under subsection (b) shall be subject to judi-cial review under section 3511 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—A request under subsection 
(a) shall include notice of the availability of judicial review described in paragraph (1).’’. 
TITLE VI—FISA TRANSPARENCY AND 
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS 
SEC. 601. ADDITIONAL REPORTING ON ORDERS 
REQUIRING PRODUCTION OF BUSI-NESS RECORDS; BUSINESS RECORDS COMPLIANCE REPORTS TO CON-GRESS. 
(a) R EPORTS SUBMITTED TO COMMITTEES .— 
Section 502(b) (50 U.S.C. 1862(b)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and 
(3) as paragraphs (6), (7), and (8), respec-tively; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.011 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3353 May 31, 2015 
(2) by inserting before paragraph (6) (as so 
redesignated) the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(1) a summary of all compliance reviews 
conducted by the Government for the pro-duction of tangible things under section 501; 
‘‘(2) the total number of applications de-
scribed in section 501(b)(2)(B) made for orders approving requests for the production of tan-gible things; 
‘‘(3) the total number of such orders either 
granted, modified, or denied; 
‘‘(4) the total number of applications de-
scribed in section 501(b)(2)(C) made for orders approving requests for the production of call detail records; 
‘‘(5) the total number of such orders either 
granted, modified, or denied;’’. 
(b) R
EPORTING ON CERTAIN TYPES OF PRO-
DUCTION .—Section 502(c)(1) (50 U.S.C. 
1862(c)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(C) the total number of applications made 
for orders approving requests for the produc-tion of tangible things under section 501 in which the specific selection term does not specifically identify an individual, account, or personal device; 
‘‘(D) the total number of orders described 
in subparagraph (C) either granted, modified, or denied; and 
‘‘(E) with respect to orders described in 
subparagraph (D) that have been granted or modified, whether the court established under section 103 has directed additional, particularized minimization procedures be-
yond those adopted pursuant to section 501(g).’’. 
SEC. 602. ANNUAL REPORTS BY THE GOVERN-
MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VI (50 U.S.C. 1871 et 
seq.), as amended by section 402 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 603. ANNUAL REPORTS. 
‘‘(a) R EPORT BY DIRECTOR OF THE ADMINIS -
TRATIVE OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES  
COURTS .— 
‘‘(1) R EPORT REQUIRED .—The Director of 
the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall annually submit to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate, sub-ject to a declassification review by the At-torney General and the Director of National Intelligence, a report that includes— 
‘‘(A) the number of applications or certifi-
cations for orders submitted under each of sections 105, 304, 402, 501, 702, 703, and 704; 
‘‘(B) the number of such orders granted 
under each of those sections; 
‘‘(C) the number of orders modified under 
each of those sections; 
‘‘(D) the number of applications or certifi-
cations denied under each of those sections; 
‘‘(E) the number of appointments of an in-
dividual to serve as amicus curiae under sec-tion 103, including the name of each indi-vidual appointed to serve as amicus curiae; and 
‘‘(F) the number of findings issued under 
section 103(i) that such appointment is not appropriate and the text of any such find-ings. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICATION .—The Director shall 
make the report required under paragraph (1) publicly available on an Internet Web site, except that the Director shall not make pub-licly available on an Internet Web site the findings described in subparagraph (F) of paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) M
ANDATORY REPORTING BY DIRECTOR  
OFNATIONAL INTELLIGENCE .—Except as pro-
vided in subsection (d), the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall annually make pub-licly available on an Internet Web site a re-port that identifies, for the preceding 12- month period— 
‘‘(1) the total number of orders issued pur-
suant to titles I and III and sections 703 and 704 and a good faith estimate of the number of targets of such orders; 
‘‘(2) the total number of orders issued pur-
suant to section 702 and a good faith esti-mate of— 
‘‘(A) the number of search terms con-
cerning a known United States person used to retrieve the unminimized contents of elec-tronic communications or wire communica-tions obtained through acquisitions author-ized under such section, excluding the num-ber of search terms used to prevent the re-turn of information concerning a United States person; and 
‘‘(B) the number of queries concerning a 
known United States person of unminimized noncontents information relating to elec-tronic communications or wire communica-tions obtained through acquisitions author-ized under such section, excluding the num-ber of queries containing information used to prevent the return of information concerning 
a United States person; 
‘‘(3) the total number of orders issued pur-
suant to title IV and a good faith estimate of— 
‘‘(A) the number of targets of such orders; 
and 
‘‘(B) the number of unique identifiers used 
to communicate information collected pur-suant to such orders; 
‘‘(4) the total number of orders issued pur-
suant to applications made under section 501(b)(2)(B) and a good faith estimate of— 
‘‘(A) the number of targets of such orders; 
and 
‘‘(B) the number of unique identifiers used 
to communicate information collected pur-suant to such orders; 
‘‘(5) the total number of orders issued pur-
suant to applications made under section 501(b)(2)(C) and a good faith estimate of— 
‘‘(A) the number of targets of such orders; ‘‘(B) the number of unique identifiers used 
to communicate information collected pur-suant to such orders; and 
‘‘(C) the number of search terms that in-
cluded information concerning a United States person that were used to query any database of call detail records obtained through the use of such orders; and 
‘‘(6) the total number of national security 
letters issued and the number of requests for information contained within such national security letters. 
‘‘(c) T
IMING .—The annual reports required 
by subsections (a) and (b) shall be made pub-licly available during April of each year and include information relating to the previous calendar year. 
‘‘(d) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
‘‘(1) S TATEMENT OF NUMERICAL RANGE .—If a 
good faith estimate required to be reported under subparagraph (B) of any of paragraphs (3), (4), or (5) of subsection (b) is fewer than 500, it shall be expressed as a numerical range of ‘fewer than 500’ and shall not be ex-pressed as an individual number. 
‘‘(2) N
ONAPPLICABILITY TO CERTAIN INFOR -
MATION .— 
‘‘(A) F EDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION .— 
Paragraphs (2)(A), (2)(B), and (5)(C) of sub-section (b) shall not apply to information or records held by, or queries conducted by, the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
‘‘(B) E
LECTRONIC MAIL ADDRESS AND TELE -
PHONE NUMBERS .—Paragraph (3)(B) of sub-
section (b) shall not apply to orders resulting in the acquisition of information by the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation that does not 
include electronic mail addresses or tele-phone numbers. 
‘‘(3) C
ERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence concludes that a good faith estimate required to be reported under subsection (b)(2)(B) cannot be determined ac-curately because some but not all of the rel-evant elements of the intelligence commu-nity are able to provide such good faith esti-mate, the Director shall— 
‘‘(i) certify that conclusion in writing to 
the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judi-ciary of the House of Representatives; 
‘‘(ii) report the good faith estimate for 
those relevant elements able to provide such good faith estimate; 
‘‘(iii) explain when it is reasonably antici-
pated that such an estimate will be able to be determined fully and accurately; and 
‘‘(iv) make such certification publicly 
available on an Internet Web site. 
‘‘(B) F
ORM.—A certification described in 
subparagraph (A) shall be prepared in unclas-sified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
‘‘(C) T
IMING .—If the Director of National 
Intelligence continues to conclude that the good faith estimates described in this para-graph cannot be determined accurately, the Director shall annually submit a certifi-cation in accordance with this paragraph. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C ONTENTS .—The term ‘contents’ has 
the meaning given that term under section 2510 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) E
LECTRONIC COMMUNICATION .—The 
term ‘electronic communication’ has the meaning given that term under section 2510 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(3) N
ATIONAL SECURITY LETTER .—The term 
‘national security letter’ means a request for a report, records, or other information under— 
‘‘(A) section 2709 of title 18, United States 
Code; 
‘‘(B) section 1114(a)(5)(A) of the Right to 
Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414(a)(5)(A)); 
‘‘(C) subsection (a) or (b) of section 626 of 
the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u(a), 1681u(b)); or 
‘‘(D) section 627(a) of the Fair Credit Re-
porting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681v(a)). 
‘‘(4) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term 
‘United States person’ means a citizen of the United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence (as defined in sec-tion 101(a) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a))). 
‘‘(5) W
IRE COMMUNICATION .—The term ‘wire 
communication’ has the meaning given that term under section 2510 of title 18, United States Code.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents, as amended by section 402 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 602, as added by section 402 of this Act, the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘Sec. 603. Annual reports.’’. 
(c) P
UBLIC REPORTING ON NATIONAL SECU-
RITY LETTERS .—Section 118(c) of the USA 
PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (18 U.S.C. 3511 note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘United States’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, ex-
cluding the number of requests for subscriber information’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.011 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3354 May 31, 2015 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) C ONTENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), each report required under this subsection shall include a good faith es-timate of the total number of requests de-scribed in paragraph (1) requiring disclosure of information concerning— 
‘‘(i) United States persons; and ‘‘(ii) persons who are not United States 
persons. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—With respect to the num-
ber of requests for subscriber information under section 2709 of title 18, United States Code, a report required under this subsection need not separate the number of requests into each of the categories described in sub-paragraph (A).’’. 
(d) S
TORED COMMUNICATIONS .—Section 
2702(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) the number of accounts from which 
the Department of Justice has received vol-untary disclosures under subsection (c)(4).’’. 
SEC. 603. PUBLIC REPORTING BY PERSONS SUB-
JECT TO FISA ORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VI (50 U.S.C. 1871 et 
seq.), as amended by sections 402 and 602 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 604. PUBLIC REPORTING BY PERSONS SUB-
JECT TO ORDERS. 
‘‘(a) R EPORTING .—A person subject to a 
nondisclosure requirement accompanying an order or directive under this Act or a na-tional security letter may, with respect to such order, directive, or national security letter, publicly report the following informa-tion using one of the following structures: 
‘‘(1) A semiannual report that aggregates 
the number of orders, directives, or national security letters with which the person was required to comply into separate categories of— 
‘‘(A) the number of national security let-
ters received, reported in bands of 1000 start-ing with 0–999; 
‘‘(B) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted by national security letters, reported in bands of 1000 starting with 0–999; 
‘‘(C) the number of orders or directives re-
ceived, combined, under this Act for con-tents, reported in bands of 1000 starting with 0–999; 
‘‘(D) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted under orders or directives received, combined, under this Act for contents re-ported in bands of 1000 starting with 0–999; 
‘‘(E) the number of orders received under 
this Act for noncontents, reported in bands of 1000 starting with 0–999; and 
‘‘(F) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted under orders under this Act for non-contents, reported in bands of 1000 starting with 0–999, pursuant to— 
‘‘(i) title IV; ‘‘(ii) title V with respect to applications 
described in section 501(b)(2)(B); and 
‘‘(iii) title V with respect to applications 
described in section 501(b)(2)(C). 
‘‘(2) A semiannual report that aggregates 
the number of orders, directives, or national security letters with which the person was required to comply into separate categories of— 
‘‘(A) the number of national security let-
ters received, reported in bands of 500 start-ing with 0–499; 
‘‘(B) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted by national security letters, reported in bands of 500 starting with 0–499; ‘‘(C) the number of orders or directives re-
ceived, combined, under this Act for con-tents, reported in bands of 500 starting with 0–499; 
‘‘(D) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted under orders or directives received, combined, under this Act for contents, re-ported in bands of 500 starting with 0–499; 
‘‘(E) the number of orders received under 
this Act for noncontents, reported in bands of 500 starting with 0–499; and 
‘‘(F) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted under orders received under this Act for noncontents, reported in bands of 500 starting with 0–499. 
‘‘(3) A semiannual report that aggregates 
the number of orders, directives, or national security letters with which the person was required to comply in the into separate cat-egories of— 
‘‘(A) the total number of all national secu-
rity process received, including all national security letters, and orders or directives under this Act, combined, reported in bands of 250 starting with 0–249; and 
‘‘(B) the total number of customer selec-
tors targeted under all national security process received, including all national secu-rity letters, and orders or directives under this Act, combined, reported in bands of 250 starting with 0–249. 
‘‘(4) An annual report that aggregates the 
number of orders, directives, and national se-curity letters the person was required to comply with into separate categories of— 
‘‘(A) the total number of all national secu-
rity process received, including all national security letters, and orders or directives under this Act, combined, reported in bands of 100 starting with 0–99; and 
‘‘(B) the total number of customer selec-
tors targeted under all national security process received, including all national secu-rity letters, and orders or directives under this Act, combined, reported in bands of 100 starting with 0–99. 
‘‘(b) P
ERIOD OF TIME COVERED BY RE-
PORTS .— 
‘‘(1) A report described in paragraph (1) or 
(2) of subsection (a) shall include only infor-mation— 
‘‘(A) relating to national security letters 
for the previous 180 days; and 
‘‘(B) relating to authorities under this Act 
for the 180-day period of time ending on the date that is not less than 180 days prior to the date of the publication of such report, except that with respect to a platform, prod-uct, or service for which a person did not previously receive an order or directive (not including an enhancement to or iteration of an existing publicly available platform, product, or service) such report shall not in-clude any information relating to such new order or directive until 540 days after the date on which such new order or directive is received. 
‘‘(2) A report described in paragraph (3) of 
subsection (a) shall include only information relating to the previous 180 days. 
‘‘(3) A report described in paragraph (4) of 
subsection (a) shall include only information for the 1-year period of time ending on the date that is not less than 1 year prior to the date of the publication of such report. 
‘‘(c) O
THER FORMS OF AGREED TO PUBLICA -
TION.—Nothing in this section prohibits the 
Government and any person from jointly agreeing to the publication of information 
referred to in this subsection in a time, form, or manner other than as described in this section. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C ONTENTS .—The term ‘contents’ has 
the meaning given that term under section 2510 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(2) N
ATIONAL SECURITY LETTER .—The term 
‘national security letter’ has the meaning given that term under section 603.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents, as amended by sections 402 and 602 of this Act, is further amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 603, as added by section 602 of this Act, the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘Sec. 604. Public reporting by persons sub-
ject to orders.’’. 
SEC. 604. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS FOR DECI-
SIONS, ORDERS, AND OPINIONS OF THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SUR-VEILLANCE COURT AND THE FOR-EIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE COURT OF REVIEW. 
Section 601(c)(1) (50 U.S.C. 1871(c)(1)) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) not later than 45 days after the date on 
which the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court or the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court of Review issues a decision, order, or opinion, including any denial or modification of an application under this Act, that includes significant construction or interpretation of any provision of law or results in a change of application of any pro-vision of this Act or a novel application of any provision of this Act, a copy of such de-cision, order, or opinion and any pleadings, applications, or memoranda of law associ-ated with such decision, order, or opinion; and’’. 
SEC. 605. SUBMISSION OF REPORTS UNDER FISA. 
(a) E LECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE .—Section 
108(a)(1) (50 U.S.C. 1808(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘the House Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate’’. 
(b) P
HYSICAL SEARCHES .—The matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1) of section 306 (50 U.S.C. 1826) is amended— 
(1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Per-
manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate,’’ and inserting ‘‘Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judi-ciary of the Senate’’; and 
(2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘and 
the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives’’. 
(c) P
ENREGISTERS AND TRAP AND TRACE  
DEVICES .—Section 406(b) (50 U.S.C. 1846(b)) is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period 
and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(4) each department or agency on behalf 
of which the Attorney General or a des-ignated attorney for the Government has made an application for an order authorizing or approving the installation and use of a pen register or trap and trace device under this title; and 
‘‘(5) for each department or agency de-
scribed in paragraph (4), each number de-scribed in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3).’’. 
(d) A
CCESS TO CERTAIN BUSINESS RECORDS  
ANDOTHER TANGIBLE THINGS .—Section 502(a) 
(50 U.S.C. 1862(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.011 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3355 May 31, 2015 
the Select Committee on Intelligence and 
the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate’’ and inserting ‘‘Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate’’. 
TITLE VII—ENHANCED NATIONAL 
SECURITY PROVISIONS 
SEC. 701. EMERGENCIES INVOLVING NON-UNITED 
STATES PERSONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 105 (50 U.S.C. 
1805) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (f), (g), (h), 
and (i) as subsections (g), (h), (i), and (j), re-spectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(f)(1) Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this Act, the lawfully authorized tar-geting of a non-United States person pre-viously believed to be located outside the United States for the acquisition of foreign intelligence information may continue for a period not to exceed 72 hours from the time that the non-United States person is reason-ably believed to be located inside the United States and the acquisition is subject to this title or to title III of this Act, provided that the head of an element of the intelligence community— 
‘‘(A) reasonably determines that a lapse in 
the targeting of such non-United States per-son poses a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any person; 
‘‘(B) promptly notifies the Attorney Gen-
eral of a determination under subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) requests, as soon as practicable, the 
employment of emergency electronic surveil-lance under subsection (e) or the employ-ment of an emergency physical search pursu-ant to section 304(e), as warranted. 
‘‘(2) The authority under this subsection to 
continue the acquisition of foreign intel-ligence information is limited to a period not to exceed 72 hours and shall cease upon the earlier of the following: 
‘‘(A) The employment of emergency elec-
tronic surveillance under subsection (e) or the employment of an emergency physical search pursuant to section 304(e). 
‘‘(B) An issuance of a court order under 
this title or title III of this Act. 
‘‘(C) The Attorney General provides direc-
tion that the acquisition be terminated. 
‘‘(D) The head of the element of the intel-
ligence community conducting the acquisi-tion determines that a request under para-graph (1)(C) is not warranted. 
‘‘(E) When the threat of death or serious 
bodily harm to any person is no longer rea-sonably believed to exist. 
‘‘(3) Nonpublicly available information 
concerning unconsenting United States per-sons acquired under this subsection shall not be disseminated during the 72 hour time pe-riod under paragraph (1) unless necessary to 
investigate, reduce, or eliminate the threat of death or serious bodily harm to any per-son. 
‘‘(4) If the Attorney General declines to au-
thorize the employment of emergency elec-tronic surveillance under subsection (e) or the employment of an emergency physical search pursuant to section 304(e), or a court order is not obtained under this title or title III of this Act, information obtained during the 72 hour acquisition time period under paragraph (1) shall not be retained, except with the approval of the Attorney General if the information indicates a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any person. 
‘‘(5) Paragraphs (5) and (6) of subsection (e) 
shall apply to this subsection.’’. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION OF EMERGENCY EMPLOY -
MENT OF ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE .—Section 106(j) (50 U.S.C. 1806(j)) is amended by strik-
ing ‘‘section 105(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (e) or (f) of section 105’’. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Section 108(a)(2) 
(50 U.S.C. 1808(a)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) the total number of authorizations 
under section 105(f) and the total number of subsequent emergency employments of elec-tronic surveillance under section 105(e) or emergency physical searches pursuant to section 301(e).’’. 
SEC. 702. PRESERVATION OF TREATMENT OF 
NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS TRAVELING OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AS AGENTS OF FOREIGN POWERS. 
Section 101(b)(1) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting before 
the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, ir-respective of whether the person is inside the United States’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘of such person’s presence 
in the United States’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘such activities in the 
United States’’ and inserting ‘‘such activi-ties’’. 
SEC. 703. IMPROVEMENT TO INVESTIGATIONS OF 
INTERNATIONAL PROLIFERATION OF WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUC-TION. 
Section 101(b)(1) is further amended by 
striking subparagraph (E) and inserting the following new subparagraph (E): 
‘‘(E) engages in the international prolifera-
tion of weapons of mass destruction, or ac-tivities in preparation therefor, for or on be-half of a foreign power, or knowingly aids or abets any person in the conduct of such pro-liferation or activities in preparation there-for, or knowingly conspires with any person to engage in such proliferation or activities in preparation therefor; or’’. 
SEC. 704. INCREASE IN PENALTIES FOR MATE-
RIAL SUPPORT OF FOREIGN TER-RORIST ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 2339B(a)(1) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘15 years’’ and inserting ‘‘20 years’’. 
SEC. 705. SUNSETS. 
(a) USA PATRIOT I MPROVEMENT AND RE-
AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2005.—Section 102(b)(1) 
of the USA PATRIOT Improvement and Re-authorization Act of 2005 (50 U.S.C. 1805 note) is amended by striking ‘‘June 1, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 15, 2019’’. 
(b) I
NTELLIGENCE REFORM AND TERRORISM  
PREVENTION ACT OF 2004.—Section 6001(b)(1) 
of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 1801 note) is amended by striking ‘‘June 1, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 15, 2019’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
102(b)(1) of the USA PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (50 U.S.C. 1805 note), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by striking ‘‘sections 501, 502, and’’ and inserting ‘‘title V and section’’. 
TITLE VIII—SAFETY OF MARITIME NAVI-
GATION AND NUCLEAR TERRORISM CONVENTIONS IMPLEMENTATION 
Subtitle A—Safety of Maritime Navigation 
SEC. 801. AMENDMENT TO SECTION 2280 OF 
TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 2280 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘a 
ship flying the flag of the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘a vessel of the United States or a vessel subject to the jurisdiction of the United States (as defined in section 70502 of title 46)’’; (B) in paragraph (1)(A)(ii), by inserting ‘‘, 
including the territorial seas’’ after ‘‘in the United States’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (1)(A)(iii), by inserting ‘‘, 
by a United States corporation or legal enti-ty,’’ after ‘‘by a national of the United States’’; 
(2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 
2(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 13(c)’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (d); (4) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
after subsection (c) the following: 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section, 
section 2280a, section 2281, and section 2281a, the term— 
‘‘(1) ‘applicable treaty’ means— ‘‘(A) the Convention for the Suppression of 
Unlawful Seizure of Aircraft, done at The Hague on 16 December 1970; 
‘‘(B) the Convention for the Suppression of 
Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil Aviation, done at Montreal on 23 September 1971; 
‘‘(C) the Convention on the Prevention and 
Punishment of Crimes against Internation-ally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents, adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 14 December 1973; 
‘‘(D) International Convention against the 
Taking of Hostages, adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 17 De-cember 1979; 
‘‘(E) the Convention on the Physical Pro-
tection of Nuclear Material, done at Vienna on 26 October 1979; 
‘‘(F) the Protocol for the Suppression of 
Unlawful Acts of Violence at Airports Serv-ing International Civil Aviation, supple-mentary to the Convention for the Suppres-sion of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil Aviation, done at Montreal on 24 Feb-ruary 1988; 
‘‘(G) the Protocol for the Suppression of 
Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Fixed Platforms Located on the Continental Shelf, done at Rome on 10 March 1988; 
‘‘(H) International Convention for the Sup-
pression of Terrorist Bombings, adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 15 December 1997; and 
‘‘(I) International Convention for the Sup-
pression of the Financing of Terrorism, 
adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 9 December 1999; 
‘‘(2) ‘armed conflict’ does not include inter-
nal disturbances and tensions, such as riots, isolated and sporadic acts of violence, and other acts of a similar nature; 
‘‘(3) ‘biological weapon’ means— ‘‘(A) microbial or other biological agents, 
or toxins whatever their origin or method of production, of types and in quantities that have no justification for prophylactic, pro-tective, or other peaceful purposes; or 
‘‘(B) weapons, equipment, or means of de-
livery designed to use such agents or toxins for hostile purposes or in armed conflict; 
‘‘(4) ‘chemical weapon’ means, together or 
separately— 
‘‘(A) toxic chemicals and their precursors, 
except where intended for— 
‘‘(i) industrial, agricultural, research, med-
ical, pharmaceutical, or other peaceful pur-poses; 
‘‘(ii) protective purposes, namely those 
purposes directly related to protection against toxic chemicals and to protection against chemical weapons; 
‘‘(iii) military purposes not connected with 
the use of chemical weapons and not depend-ent on the use of the toxic properties of chemicals as a method of warfare; or 
‘‘(iv) law enforcement including domestic 
riot control purposes, as long as the types and quantities are con-sistent with such purposes; 
‘‘(B) munitions and devices, specifically de-
signed to cause death or other harm through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.011 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3356 May 31, 2015 
the toxic properties of those toxic chemicals 
specified in subparagraph (A), which would be released as a result of the employment of such munitions and devices; and 
‘‘(C) any equipment specifically designed 
for use directly in connection with the em-ployment of munitions and devices specified in subparagraph (B); 
‘‘(5) ‘covered ship’ means a ship that is 
navigating or is scheduled to navigate into, through or from waters beyond the outer limit of the territorial sea of a single coun-try or a lateral limit of that country’s terri-torial sea with an adjacent country; 
‘‘(6) ‘explosive material’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 841(c) and includes explosive as defined in section 844(j) of this title; 
‘‘(7) ‘infrastructure facility’ has the mean-
ing given the term in section 2332f(e)(5) of this title; 
‘‘(8) ‘international organization’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 831(f)(3) of this title; 
‘‘(9) ‘military forces of a state’ means the 
armed forces of a state which are organized, trained, and equipped under its internal law for the primary purpose of national defense or security, and persons acting in support of those armed forces who are under their for-mal command, control, and responsibility; 
‘‘(10) ‘national of the United States’ has 
the meaning stated in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)); 
‘‘(11) ‘Non-Proliferation Treaty’ means the 
Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, done at Washington, London, and Moscow on 1 July 1968; 
‘‘(12) ‘Non-Proliferation Treaty State 
Party’ means any State Party to the Non- Proliferation Treaty, to include Taiwan, which shall be considered to have the obliga-tions under the Non-Proliferation Treaty of a party to that treaty other than a Nuclear Weapon State Party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty; 
‘‘(13) ‘Nuclear Weapon State Party to the 
Non-Proliferation Treaty’ means a State Party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty that is a nuclear-weapon State, as that term is defined in Article IX(3) of the Non-Prolifera-tion Treaty; 
‘‘(14) ‘place of public use’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 2332f(e)(6) of this title; 
‘‘(15) ‘precursor’ has the meaning given the 
term in section 229F(6)(A) of this title; 
‘‘(16) ‘public transport system’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 2332f(e)(7) of this title; 
‘‘(17) ‘serious injury or damage’ means— ‘‘(A) serious bodily injury, ‘‘(B) extensive destruction of a place of 
public use, State or government facility, in-frastructure facility, or public transpor-tation system, resulting in major economic loss, or 
‘‘(C) substantial damage to the environ-
ment, including air, soil, water, fauna, or flora; 
‘‘(18) ‘ship’ means a vessel of any type 
whatsoever not permanently attached to the sea-bed, including dynamically supported craft, submersibles, or any other floating craft, but does not include a warship, a ship owned or operated by a government when being used as a naval auxiliary or for cus-toms or police purposes, or a ship which has been withdrawn from navigation or laid up; 
‘‘(19) ‘source material’ has the meaning 
given that term in the International Atomic Energy Agency Statute, done at New York on 26 October 1956; 
‘‘(20) ‘special fissionable material’ has the 
meaning given that term in the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency Statute, done at New York on 26 October 1956; ‘‘(21) ‘territorial sea of the United States’ 
means all waters extending seaward to 12 nautical miles from the baselines of the United States determined in accordance with international law; 
‘‘(22) ‘toxic chemical’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 229F(8)(A) of this title; 
‘‘(23) ‘transport’ means to initiate, arrange 
or exercise effective control, including deci-sionmaking authority, over the movement of a person or item; and 
‘‘(24) ‘United States’, when used in a geo-
graphical sense, includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and all territories and possessions of the United States.’’; and 
(5) by inserting after subsection (d) (as 
added by paragraph (4) of this section) the following: 
‘‘(e) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section shall not 
apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties. 
‘‘(f) D
ELIVERY OF SUSPECTED OFFENDER .— 
The master of a covered ship flying the flag of the United States who has reasonable grounds to believe that there is on board that ship any person who has committed an offense under section 2280 or section 2280a may deliver such person to the authorities of a country that is a party to the Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Maritime Navigation. Before delivering such person to the authorities of another country, the master shall notify in an appropriate manner the Attorney General of the United States of the alleged offense and await instructions from the Attorney General as to what action to take. When de-livering the person to a country which is a state party to the Convention, the master shall, whenever practicable, and if possible before entering the territorial sea of such country, notify the authorities of such coun-try of the master’s intention to deliver such person and the reasons therefor. If the mas-ter delivers such person, the master shall furnish to the authorities of such country the evidence in the master’s possession that pertains to the alleged offense. 
‘‘(g)(1) C
IVILFORFEITURE .—Any real or per-
sonal property used or intended to be used to commit or to facilitate the commission of a violation of this section, the gross proceeds of such violation, and any real or personal property traceable to such property or pro-ceeds, shall be subject to forfeiture. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE PROCEDURES .—Seizures 
and forfeitures under this section shall be governed by the provisions of chapter 46 of title 18, United States Code, relating to civil forfeitures, except that such duties as are imposed upon the Secretary of the Treasury under the customs laws described in section 981(d) shall be performed by such officers, agents, and other persons as may be des-ignated for that purpose by the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, or the Secretary of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 802. NEW SECTION 2280A OF TITLE 18, 
UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 111 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding after section 2280 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2280a. Violence against maritime naviga-
tion and maritime transport involving weapons of mass destruction 
‘‘(a) O
FFENSES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the excep-
tions in subsection (c), a person who unlaw-fully and intentionally— ‘‘(A) when the purpose of the act, by its na-
ture or context, is to intimidate a popu-lation, or to compel a government or an international organization to do or to ab-stain from doing any act— 
‘‘(i) uses against or on a ship or discharges 
from a ship any explosive or radioactive ma-terial, biological, chemical, or nuclear weap-on or other nuclear explosive device in a manner that causes or is likely to cause death to any person or serious injury or damage; 
‘‘(ii) discharges from a ship oil, liquefied 
natural gas, or another hazardous or noxious substance that is not covered by clause (i), in such quantity or concentration that causes or is likely to cause death to any person or serious injury or damage; or 
‘‘(iii) uses a ship in a manner that causes 
death to any person or serious injury or damage; 
‘‘(B) transports on board a ship— ‘‘(i) any explosive or radioactive material, 
knowing that it is intended to be used to cause, or in a threat to cause, death to any person or serious injury or damage for the purpose of intimidating a population, or compelling a government or an international organization to do or to abstain from doing any act; 
‘‘(ii) any biological, chemical, or nuclear 
weapon or other nuclear explosive device, knowing it to be a biological, chemical, or nuclear weapon or other nuclear explosive device; 
‘‘(iii) any source material, special fission-
able material, or equipment or material es-pecially designed or prepared for the proc-essing, use, or production of special fission-able material, knowing that it is intended to be used in a nuclear explosive activity or in any other nuclear activity not under safe-guards pursuant to an International Atomic Energy Agency comprehensive safeguards agreement, except where— 
‘‘(I) such item is transported to or from the 
territory of, or otherwise under the control of, a Non-Proliferation Treaty State Party; and 
‘‘(II) the resulting transfer or receipt (in-
cluding internal to a country) is not con-trary to the obligations under the Non-Pro-liferation Treaty of the Non-Proliferation Treaty State Party from which, to the terri-tory of which, or otherwise under the control of which such item is transferred; 
‘‘(iv) any equipment, materials, or soft-
ware or related technology that significantly contributes to the design or manufacture of a nuclear weapon or other nuclear explosive device, with the intention that it will be used for such purpose, except where— 
‘‘(I) the country to the territory of which 
or under the control of which such item is transferred is a Nuclear Weapon State Party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty; and 
‘‘(II) the resulting transfer or receipt (in-
cluding internal to a country) is not con-trary to the obligations under the Non-Pro-liferation Treaty of a Non-Proliferation Treaty State Party from which, to the terri-tory of which, or otherwise under the control of which such item is transferred; 
‘‘(v) any equipment, materials, or software 
or related technology that significantly con-tributes to the delivery of a nuclear weapon or other nuclear explosive device, with the intention that it will be used for such pur-pose, except where— 
‘‘(I) such item is transported to or from the 
territory of, or otherwise under the control of, a Non-Proliferation Treaty State Party; and 
‘‘(II) such item is intended for the delivery 
system of a nuclear weapon or other nuclear explosive device of a Nuclear Weapon State Party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.011 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3357 May 31, 2015 
‘‘(vi) any equipment, materials, or soft-
ware or related technology that significantly contributes to the design, manufacture, or delivery of a biological or chemical weapon, with the intention that it will be used for 
such purpose; 
‘‘(C) transports another person on board a 
ship knowing that the person has committed an act that constitutes an offense under sec-tion 2280 or subparagraph (A), (B), (D), or (E) of this section or an offense set forth in an applicable treaty, as specified in section 2280(d)(1), and intending to assist that person to evade criminal prosecution; 
‘‘(D) injures or kills any person in connec-
tion with the commission or the attempted commission of any of the offenses set forth in subparagraphs (A) through (C), or sub-section (a)(2), to the extent that the sub-section (a)(2) offense pertains to subpara-graph (A); or 
‘‘(E) attempts to do any act prohibited 
under subparagraph (A), (B) or (D), or con-spires to do any act prohibited by subpara-graphs (A) through (E) or subsection (a)(2), shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both; and if the death of any person results from conduct prohibited by this paragraph, shall be im-prisoned for any term of years or for life. 
‘‘(2) T
HREATS .—A person who threatens, 
with apparent determination and will to carry the threat into execution, to do any act prohibited under paragraph (1)(A) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both. 
‘‘(b) J
URISDICTION .—There is jurisdiction 
over the activity prohibited in subsection (a)— 
‘‘(1) in the case of a covered ship, if— ‘‘(A) such activity is committed— ‘‘(i) against or on board a vessel of the 
United States or a vessel subject to the juris-diction of the United States (as defined in section 70502 of title 46) at the time the pro-hibited activity is committed; 
‘‘(ii) in the United States, including the 
territorial seas; or 
‘‘(iii) by a national of the United States, by 
a United States corporation or legal entity, or by a stateless person whose habitual resi-dence is in the United States; 
‘‘(B) during the commission of such activ-
ity, a national of the United States is seized, threatened, injured, or killed; or 
‘‘(C) the offender is later found in the 
United States after such activity is com-mitted; 
‘‘(2) in the case of a ship navigating or 
scheduled to navigate solely within the terri-torial sea or internal waters of a country other than the United States, if the offender is later found in the United States after such activity is committed; or 
‘‘(3) in the case of any vessel, if such activ-
ity is committed in an attempt to compel the United States to do or abstain from doing any act. 
‘‘(c) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section shall not 
apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties. 
‘‘(d)(1) C
IVILFORFEITURE .—Any real or per-
sonal property used or intended to be used to commit or to facilitate the commission of a violation of this section, the gross proceeds of such violation, and any real or personal property traceable to such property or pro-ceeds, shall be subject to forfeiture. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE PROCEDURES .—Seizures 
and forfeitures under this section shall be governed by the provisions of chapter 46 of title 18, United States Code, relating to civil forfeitures, except that such duties as are 
imposed upon the Secretary of the Treasury under the customs laws described in section 981(d) shall be performed by such officers, agents, and other persons as may be des-ignated for that purpose by the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, or the Secretary of Defense.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 111 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 2280 the following new item: 
‘‘2280a. Violence against maritime naviga-
tion and maritime transport in-volving weapons of mass de-struction.’’. 
SEC. 803. AMENDMENTS TO SECTION 2281 OF 
TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 2281 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 
2(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 13(c)’’; 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking the defini-
tions of ‘‘national of the United States,’’ ‘‘territorial sea of the United States,’’ and ‘‘United States’’; and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(e) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section does not 
apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties.’’. 
SEC. 804. NEW SECTION 2281A OF TITLE 18, 
UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 111 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding after section 2281 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2281a. Additional offenses against maritime 
fixed platforms 
‘‘(a) O
FFENSES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A person who unlawfully 
and intentionally— 
‘‘(A) when the purpose of the act, by its na-
ture or context, is to intimidate a popu-lation, or to compel a government or an international organization to do or to ab-stain from doing any act— 
‘‘(i) uses against or on a fixed platform or 
discharges from a fixed platform any explo-sive or radioactive material, biological, chemical, or nuclear weapon in a manner that causes or is likely to cause death or se-rious injury or damage; or 
‘‘(ii) discharges from a fixed platform oil, 
liquefied natural gas, or another hazardous or noxious substance that is not covered by clause (i), in such quantity or concentration that causes or is likely to cause death or se-rious injury or damage; 
‘‘(B) injures or kills any person in connec-
tion with the commission or the attempted commission of any of the offenses set forth in subparagraph (A); or 
‘‘(C) attempts or conspires to do anything 
prohibited under subparagraph (A) or (B), shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both; and if death results to any person from conduct prohib-ited by this paragraph, shall be imprisoned for any term of years or for life. 
‘‘(2) T
HREAT TO SAFETY .—A person who 
threatens, with apparent determination and will to carry the threat into execution, to do any act prohibited under paragraph (1)(A), shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both. 
‘‘(b) J
URISDICTION .—There is jurisdiction 
over the activity prohibited in subsection (a) if— 
‘‘(1) such activity is committed against or 
on board a fixed platform— ‘‘(A) that is located on the continental 
shelf of the United States; 
‘‘(B) that is located on the continental 
shelf of another country, by a national of the United States or by a stateless person whose habitual residence is in the United States; or 
‘‘(C) in an attempt to compel the United 
States to do or abstain from doing any act; 
‘‘(2) during the commission of such activ-
ity against or on board a fixed platform lo-cated on a continental shelf, a national of the United States is seized, threatened, in-jured, or killed; or 
‘‘(3) such activity is committed against or 
on board a fixed platform located outside the United States and beyond the continental shelf of the United States and the offender is later found in the United States. 
‘‘(c) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section does not 
apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) ‘continental shelf’ means the sea-bed 
and subsoil of the submarine areas that ex-tend beyond a country’s territorial sea to the limits provided by customary inter-national law as reflected in Article 76 of the 1982 Convention on the Law of the Sea; and 
‘‘(2) ‘fixed platform’ means an artificial is-
land, installation, or structure permanently attached to the sea-bed for the purpose of ex-ploration or exploitation of resources or for other economic purposes.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 111 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 2281 the following new item: 
‘‘2281a. Additional offenses against maritime 
fixed platforms.’’. 
SEC. 805. ANCILLARY MEASURE. 
Section 2332b(g)(5)(B) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘2280a (relating to maritime safety),’’ before ‘‘2281’’, and by striking ‘‘2281’’ and inserting ‘‘2281 through 2281a’’. 
Subtitle B—Prevention of Nuclear Terrorism 
SEC. 811. NEW SECTION 2332I OF TITLE 18, 
UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 113B of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding after section 2332h the following: 
‘‘§ 2332i. Acts of nuclear terrorism 
‘‘(a) O
FFENSES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Whoever knowingly and 
unlawfully— 
‘‘(A) possesses radioactive material or 
makes or possesses a device— 
‘‘(i) with the intent to cause death or seri-
ous bodily injury; or 
‘‘(ii) with the intent to cause substantial 
damage to property or the environment; or 
‘‘(B) uses in any way radioactive material 
or a device, or uses or damages or interferes with the operation of a nuclear facility in a manner that causes the release of or in-creases the risk of the release of radioactive material, or causes radioactive contamina-tion or exposure to radiation— 
‘‘(i) with the intent to cause death or seri-
ous bodily injury or with the knowledge that such act is likely to cause death or serious bodily injury; 
‘‘(ii) with the intent to cause substantial 
damage to property or the environment or with the knowledge that such act is likely to cause substantial damage to property or the environment; or 
‘‘(iii) with the intent to compel a person, 
an international organization or a country to do or refrain from doing an act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.011 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3358 May 31, 2015 
shall be punished as prescribed in subsection 
(c). 
‘‘(2) T HREATS .—Whoever, under cir-
cumstances in which the threat may reason-ably be believed, threatens to commit an of-fense under paragraph (1) shall be punished as prescribed in subsection (c). Whoever de-mands possession of or access to radioactive material, a device or a nuclear facility by threat or by use of force shall be punished as prescribed in subsection (c). 
‘‘(3) A
TTEMPTS AND CONSPIRACIES .—Who-
ever attempts to commit an offense under paragraph (1) or conspires to commit an of-fense under paragraph (1) or (2) shall be pun-
ished as prescribed in subsection (c). 
‘‘(b) J
URISDICTION .—Conduct prohibited by 
subsection (a) is within the jurisdiction of the United States if— 
‘‘(1) the prohibited conduct takes place in 
the United States or the special aircraft ju-risdiction of the United States; 
‘‘(2) the prohibited conduct takes place 
outside of the United States and— 
‘‘(A) is committed by a national of the 
United States, a United States corporation or legal entity or a stateless person whose habitual residence is in the United States; 
‘‘(B) is committed on board a vessel of the 
United States or a vessel subject to the juris-diction of the United States (as defined in section 70502 of title 46) or on board an air-craft that is registered under United States law, at the time the offense is committed; or 
‘‘(C) is committed in an attempt to compel 
the United States to do or abstain from doing any act, or constitutes a threat di-rected at the United States; 
‘‘(3) the prohibited conduct takes place 
outside of the United States and a victim or an intended victim is a national of the United States or a United States corporation or legal entity, or the offense is committed against any state or government facility of the United States; or 
‘‘(4) a perpetrator of the prohibited con-
duct is found in the United States. 
‘‘(c) P
ENALTIES .—Whoever violates this 
section shall be fined not more than $2,000,000 and shall be imprisoned for any term of years or for life. 
‘‘(d) N
ONAPPLICABILITY .—This section does 
not apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section, 
the term— 
‘‘(1) ‘armed conflict’ has the meaning given 
that term in section 2332f(e)(11) of this title; 
‘‘(2) ‘device’ means: ‘‘(A) any nuclear explosive device; or ‘‘(B) any radioactive material dispersal or 
radiation-emitting device that may, owing to its radiological properties, cause death, serious bodily injury or substantial damage to property or the environment; 
‘‘(3) ‘international organization’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 831(f)(3) of this title; 
‘‘(4) ‘military forces of a state’ means the 
armed forces of a country that are organized, trained and equipped under its internal law for the primary purpose of national defense or security and persons acting in support of those armed forces who are under their for-mal command, control and responsibility; 
‘‘(5) ‘national of the United States’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)); 
‘‘(6) ‘nuclear facility’ means: ‘‘(A) any nuclear reactor, including reac-
tors on vessels, vehicles, aircraft or space ob-jects for use as an energy source in order to 
propel such vessels, vehicles, aircraft or space objects or for any other purpose; 
‘‘(B) any plant or conveyance being used 
for the production, storage, processing or transport of radioactive material; or 
‘‘(C) a facility (including associated build-
ings and equipment) in which nuclear mate-rial is produced, processed, used, handled, stored or disposed of, if damage to or inter-ference with such facility could lead to the release of significant amounts of radiation or radioactive material; 
‘‘(7) ‘nuclear material’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 831(f)(1) of this title; 
‘‘(8) ‘radioactive material’ means nuclear 
material and other radioactive substances that contain nuclides that undergo sponta-neous disintegration (a process accompanied by emission of one or more types of ionizing radiation, such as alpha-, beta-, neutron par-ticles and gamma rays) and that may, owing to their radiological or fissile properties, cause death, serious bodily injury or sub-stantial damage to property or to the envi-ronment; 
‘‘(9) ‘serious bodily injury’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 831(f)(4) of this title; 
‘‘(10) ‘state’ has the same meaning as that 
term has under international law, and in-cludes all political subdivisions thereof; 
‘‘(11) ‘state or government facility’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 2332f(e)(3) of this title; 
‘‘(12) ‘United States corporation or legal 
entity’ means any corporation or other enti-ty organized under the laws of the United States or any State, Commonwealth, terri-tory, possession or district of the United States; 
‘‘(13) ‘vessel’ has the meaning given that 
term in section 1502(19) of title 33; and 
‘‘(14) ‘vessel of the United States’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 70502 of title 46.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 113B of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2332h the following: 
‘‘2332i. Acts of nuclear terrorism.’’. 
(c) D
ISCLAIMER .—Nothing contained in this 
section is intended to affect the applicability of any other Federal or State law that might pertain to the underlying conduct. 
(d) I
NCLUSION IN DEFINITION OF FEDERAL  
CRIMES OF TERRORISM .—Section 
2332b(g)(5)(B) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘2332i (relating to acts of nuclear terrorism),’’ before ‘‘2339 (re-lating to harboring terrorists)’’. 
SEC. 812. AMENDMENT TO SECTION 831 OF TITLE 
18, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 831 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(a) in subsection (a)— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(8) as paragraphs (4) through (9); 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) without lawful authority, inten-
tionally carries, sends or moves nuclear ma-terial into or out of a country;’’; 
(3) in paragraph (8), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘an offense under paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘any act prohibited under paragraphs (1) through (5)’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (9), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘an offense under paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘any act prohibited under paragraphs (1) through (7)’’; 
(b) in subsection (b)— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(7)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(8)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(8)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(9)’’; (c) in subsection (c)— 
(1) in subparagraph (2)(A), by adding after 
‘‘United States’’ the following: ‘‘or a state-less person whose habitual residence is in the United States’’; 
(2) by striking paragraph (5); (3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; and 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (4), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) the offense is committed on board a 
vessel of the United States or a vessel sub-ject to the jurisdiction of the United States (as defined in section 70502 of title 46) or on board an aircraft that is registered under United States law, at the time the offense is committed; 
‘‘(6) the offense is committed outside the 
United States and against any state or gov-ernment facility of the United States; or 
‘‘(7) the offense is committed in an attempt 
to compel the United States to do or abstain from doing any act, or constitutes a threat directed at the United States.’’; 
(d) by redesignating subsections (d) 
through (f) as (e) through (g), respectively; 
(e) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(d) N
ONAPPLICABILITY .—This section does 
not apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties.’’; and 
(f) in subsection (g), as redesignated— 
(1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (7), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (7), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) the term ‘armed conflict’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 2332f(e)(11) of this title; 
‘‘(9) the term ‘military forces of a state’ 
means the armed forces of a country that are organized, trained and equipped under its in-ternal law for the primary purpose of na-tional defense or security and persons acting in support of those armed forces who are under their formal command, control and re-sponsibility; 
‘‘(10) the term ‘state’ has the same mean-
ing as that term has under international law, and includes all political subdivisions thereof; 
‘‘(11) the term ‘state or government facil-
ity’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 2332f(e)(3) of this title; and 
‘‘(12) the term ‘vessel of the United States’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 70502 of title 46.’’. 
SA 1450. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 1449 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for him-
self and Mr. B URR) to the bill H.R. 2048, 
to reform the authorities of the Fed-eral Government to require the produc-tion of certain business records, con-duct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal pur-poses, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
Strike Sec. 110(a) and insert the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amendments made by 
sections 101 through 103 shall take effect on the date that is 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.011 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3359 May 31, 2015 
SA 1451. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 1450 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
amendment SA 1449 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. B URR) 
to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the au-thorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain busi-ness records, conduct electronic sur-veillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
(b) N ONEFFECT OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS .— 
Section 401 of this Act, relating to appoint-ment of amicus curiae, shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 110A. APPOINTMENT OF AMICUS CURIAE. 
Section 103 (50 U.S.C. 1803) is amended by 
adding at the end the following new sub-sections: 
‘‘(i) A
MICUS CURIAE .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORIZATION .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) is authorized, con-sistent with the requirement of subsection (c) and any other statutory requirement that the court act expeditiously or within a stat-ed time— 
‘‘(A) to appoint amicus curiae to— ‘‘(i) assist the court in the consideration of 
any application for an order or review that, in the opinion of the court, presents a novel or significant interpretation of the law; or 
‘‘(ii) provide technical expertise in any in-
stance the court considers appropriate; or 
‘‘(B) upon motion, to permit an individual 
or organization leave to file an amicus cu-riae brief. 
‘‘(2) D
ESIGNATION .—The courts established 
by subsection (a) and (b) shall each designate 1 or more individuals who may be appointed to serve as amicus curiae and who are deter-mined to be eligible for access to classified national security information necessary to participate in matters before such courts (if such access is necessary for participation in the matters for which they may be ap-pointed). In appointing an amicus curiae pur-suant to paragraph (1), the court may choose from among those so designated. 
‘‘(3) E
XPERTISE .—An individual appointed 
as an amicus curiae under paragraph (1) may be an individual who possesses expertise on privacy and civil liberties, intelligence col-lection, communications technology, or any other area that may lend legal or technical expertise to the court. 
‘‘(4) D
UTIES .—An amicus curiae appointed 
under paragraph (1) to assist with the consid-eration of a covered matter shall carry out the duties assigned by the appointing court. That court may authorize the amicus curiae to review any application, certification, peti-tion, motion, or other submission that the court determines is relevant to the duties as-signed by the court. 
‘‘(5) N
OTIFICATION .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) shall notify the Attorney General of each exercise of the au-thority to appoint an amicus curiae under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(6) A
SSISTANCE .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) may request and receive (including on a non-reimbursable basis) the assistance of the executive branch in the implementation of this subsection. 
‘‘(7) A
DMINISTRATION .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) may provide for the designation, appointment, removal, training, or other support of an amicus cu-riae appointed under paragraph (1) in a man-ner that is not inconsistent with this sub-section. ‘‘(j) R
EVIEW OF FISA C OURT DECISIONS .— 
Following issuance of an order under this Act, a court established under subsection (a) shall certify for review to the court estab-lished under subsection (b) any question of law that may affect resolution of the matter in controversy that the court determines warrants such review because of a need for uniformity or because consideration by the court established under subsection (b) would serve the interests of justice. Upon certifi-cation of a question of law under this sub-section, the court established under sub-section (b) may give binding instructions or require the entire record to be sent up for de-cision of the entire matter in controversy. 
‘‘(k) R
EVIEW OF FISA C OURT OF REVIEW DE-
CISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) C ERTIFICATION .—For purposes of sec-
tion 1254(2) of title 28, United States Code, the court of review established under sub-section (b) shall be considered to be a court of appeals. 
‘‘(2) A
MICUS CURIAE BRIEFING .—Upon cer-
tification of an application under paragraph (1), the Supreme Court of the United States may appoint an amicus curiae designated under subsection (i)(3), or any other person, to provide briefing or other assistance.’’. 
SA 1452. Mr. M CCONNELL (for him-
self and Mr. B URR) proposed an amend-
ment to the bill H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Govern-ment to require the production of cer-tain business records, conduct elec-tronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterter-rorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the first word and insert 
the following: 
1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Uniting and Strengthening America by Fulfilling Rights and Ensuring Effective Dis-cipline Over Monitoring Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘USA FREEDOM Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
1. Short title; table of contents. 
2. Amendments to the Foreign Intelligence 
Surveillance Act of 1978. 
TITLE I—FISA BUSINESS RECORDS 
REFORMS 
101. Additional requirements for call detail 
records. 
102. Emergency authority. 103. Prohibition on bulk collection of tan-
gible things. 
104. Judicial review. 
105. Liability protection. 106. Compensation for assistance. 107. Notice to the Attorney General on 
changes in retention of call de-tail records. 
108. Definitions. 109. Inspector General reports on business 
records orders. 
110. Effective date. 111. Rule of construction. 
TITLE II—FISA PEN REGISTER AND 
TRAP AND TRACE DEVICE REFORM 
201. Prohibition on bulk collection. 
202. Privacy procedures. 
TITLE III—FISA ACQUISITIONS TAR-
GETING PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES REFORMS 
301. Limits on use of unlawfully obtained in-
formation. 
TITLE IV—FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE 
SURVEILLANCE COURT REFORMS 
401. Appointment of amicus curiae. TITLE V—NATIONAL SECURITY LETTER 
REFORM 
501. Prohibition on bulk collection. 
502. Limitations on disclosure of national se-
curity letters. 
503. Judicial review. 
TITLE VI—FISA TRANSPARENCY AND 
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS 
601. Additional reporting on orders requiring 
production of business records; business records compliance re-ports to Congress. 
602. Annual reports by the Government. 603. Public reporting by persons subject to 
FISA orders. 
604. Reporting requirements for decisions, or-
ders, and opinions of the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Court and the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court of Review. 
605. Submission of reports under FISA. 
TITLE VII—ENHANCED NATIONAL 
SECURITY PROVISIONS 
701. Emergencies involving non-United 
States persons. 
702. Preservation of treatment of non-United 
States persons traveling out-side the United States as agents of foreign powers. 
703. Improvement to investigations of inter-
national proliferation of weap-ons of mass destruction. 
704. Increase in penalties for material sup-
port of foreign terrorist organi-zations. 
705. Sunsets. 
TITLE VIII—SAFETY OF MARITIME NAVI-
GATION AND NUCLEAR TERRORISM CONVENTIONS IMPLEMENTATION 
Subtitle A—Safety of Maritime Navigation 
801. Amendment to section 2280 of title 18, 
United States Code. 
802. New section 2280a of title 18, United 
States Code. 
803. Amendments to section 2281 of title 18, 
United States Code. 
804. New section 2281a of title 18, United 
States Code. 
805. Ancillary measure. 
Subtitle B—Prevention of Nuclear Terrorism 
811. New section 2332i of title 18, United 
States Code. 
812. Amendment to section 831 of title 18, 
United States Code. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS TO THE FOREIGN INTEL-
LIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT OF 1978. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, 
whenever in this Act an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provi-sion, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). 
TITLE I—FISA BUSINESS RECORDS 
REFORMS 
SEC. 101. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR CALL 
DETAIL RECORDS. 
(a) A PPLICATION .—Section 501(b)(2) (50 
U.S.C. 1861(b)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘a statement’’ and inserting ‘‘in the case of an application other than an applica-tion described in subparagraph (C) (including an application for the production of call de-tail records other than in the manner de-scribed in subparagraph (C)), a statement’’; and 
(B) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as subparagraphs (B) and (D), respec-tively; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.013 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3360 May 31, 2015 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (B) (as 
so redesignated) the following new subpara-graph: 
‘‘(C) in the case of an application for the 
production on an ongoing basis of call detail records created before, on, or after the date of the application relating to an authorized investigation (other than a threat assess-ment) conducted in accordance with sub-section (a)(2) to protect against inter-national terrorism, a statement of facts showing that— 
‘‘(i) there are reasonable grounds to believe 
that the call detail records sought to be pro-duced based on the specific selection term required under subparagraph (A) are relevant to such investigation; and 
‘‘(ii) there is a reasonable, articulable sus-
picion that such specific selection term is as-sociated with a foreign power engaged in international terrorism or activities in prep-aration therefor, or an agent of a foreign power engaged in international terrorism or activities in preparation therefor; and’’. 
(b) O
RDER .—Section 501(c)(2) (50 U.S.C. 
1861(c)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) in the case of an application described 
in subsection (b)(2)(C), shall— 
‘‘(i) authorize the production on a daily 
basis of call detail records for a period not to exceed 180 days; 
‘‘(ii) provide that an order for such produc-
tion may be extended upon application under subsection (b) and the judicial finding under paragraph (1) of this subsection; 
‘‘(iii) provide that the Government may re-
quire the prompt production of a first set of call detail records using the specific selec-tion term that satisfies the standard re-quired under subsection (b)(2)(C)(ii); 
‘‘(iv) provide that the Government may re-
quire the prompt production of a second set of call detail records using session-identi-fying information or a telephone calling card number identified by the specific selection term used to produce call detail records under clause (iii); 
‘‘(v) provide that, when produced, such 
records be in a form that will be useful to the Government; 
‘‘(vi) direct each person the Government 
directs to produce call detail records under the order to furnish the Government forth-with all information, facilities, or technical assistance necessary to accomplish the pro-duction in such a manner as will protect the secrecy of the production and produce a min-imum of interference with the services that such person is providing to each subject of the production; and 
‘‘(vii) direct the Government to— ‘‘(I) adopt minimization procedures that 
require the prompt destruction of all call de-tail records produced under the order that the Government determines are not foreign intelligence information; and 
‘‘(II) destroy all call detail records pro-
duced under the order as prescribed by such procedures.’’. 
SEC. 102. EMERGENCY AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Section 501 (50 U.S.C. 1861) 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(i) E
MERGENCY AUTHORITY FOR PRODUC -
TION OF TANGIBLE THINGS .— 
‘‘(1) Notwithstanding any other provision 
of this section, the Attorney General may re-quire the emergency production of tangible things if the Attorney General— 
‘‘(A) reasonably determines that an emer-
gency situation requires the production of tangible things before an order authorizing 
such production can with due diligence be obtained; 
‘‘(B) reasonably determines that the fac-
tual basis for the issuance of an order under this section to approve such production of tangible things exists; 
‘‘(C) informs, either personally or through 
a designee, a judge having jurisdiction under this section at the time the Attorney Gen-eral requires the emergency production of tangible things that the decision has been made to employ the authority under this subsection; and 
‘‘(D) makes an application in accordance 
with this section to a judge having jurisdic-tion under this section as soon as prac-ticable, but not later than 7 days after the Attorney General requires the emergency production of tangible things under this sub-section. 
‘‘(2) If the Attorney General requires the 
emergency production of tangible things under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall require that the minimization proce-dures required by this section for the issuance of a judicial order be followed. 
‘‘(3) In the absence of a judicial order ap-
proving the production of tangible things under this subsection, the production shall terminate when the information sought is obtained, when the application for the order is denied, or after the expiration of 7 days from the time the Attorney General begins requiring the emergency production of such tangible things, whichever is earliest. 
‘‘(4) A denial of the application made under 
this subsection may be reviewed as provided in section 103. 
‘‘(5) If such application for approval is de-
nied, or in any other case where the produc-
tion of tangible things is terminated and no order is issued approving the production, no information obtained or evidence derived from such production shall be received in evidence or otherwise disclosed in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding in or before any court, grand jury, department, office, agen-cy, regulatory body, legislative committee, or other authority of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision thereof, and no information concerning any United States person acquired from such production shall subsequently be used or disclosed in any other manner by Federal officers or em-ployees without the consent of such person, except with the approval of the Attorney General if the information indicates a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any per-son. 
‘‘(6) The Attorney General shall assess 
compliance with the requirements of para-graph (5).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
501(d) (50 U.S.C. 1861(d)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘pursuant to an order’’ and inserting ‘‘pursuant to an order issued or an emergency production required’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘such 
order’’ and inserting ‘‘such order or such emergency production’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the 
order’’ and inserting ‘‘the order or the emer-gency production’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘an 
order’’ and inserting ‘‘an order or emergency production’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘an 
order’’ and inserting ‘‘an order or emergency production’’. 
SEC. 103. PROHIBITION ON BULK COLLECTION 
OF TANGIBLE THINGS. 
(a) A PPLICATION .—Section 501(b)(2) (50 
U.S.C. 1861(b)(2)), as amended by section 101(a) of this Act, is further amended by in-serting before subparagraph (B), as redesig-
nated by such section 101(a) of this Act, the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(A) a specific selection term to be used as 
the basis for the production of the tangible things sought;’’. 
(b) O
RDER .—Section 501(c) (50 U.S.C. 
1861(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking the 
semicolon and inserting ‘‘, including each specific selection term to be used as the basis for the production;’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) No order issued under this subsection 
may authorize the collection of tangible things without the use of a specific selection term that meets the requirements of sub-section (b)(2).’’. 
SEC. 104. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) M INIMIZATION PROCEDURES .— 
(1) J UDICIAL REVIEW .—Section 501(c)(1) (50 
U.S.C. 1861(c)(1)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘subsections (a) and (b)’’ the following: ‘‘and that the minimization procedures sub-mitted in accordance with subsection (b)(2)(D) meet the definition of minimization procedures under subsection (g)’’. 
(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Section 501(g) 
(50 U.S.C. 1861(g)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall limit the authority of the court established under section 103(a) to impose additional, particularized minimiza-tion procedures with regard to the produc-tion, retention, or dissemination of nonpub-licly available information concerning unconsenting United States persons, includ-ing additional, particularized procedures re-lated to the destruction of information with-in a reasonable time period.’’. 
(3) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 501(g)(1) (50 U.S.C. 1861(g)(1)) 
is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the USA PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and 
(B) by inserting after ‘‘adopt’’ the fol-
lowing: ‘‘, and update as appropriate,’’. 
(b) O
RDERS .—Section 501(f)(2) (50 U.S.C. 
1861(f)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘that order’’ and inserting 
‘‘the production order or any nondisclosure order imposed in connection with the pro-duction order’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence; and (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking clause (ii); and (B) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause 
(ii). 
SEC. 105. LIABILITY PROTECTION. 
Section 501(e) (50 U.S.C. 1861(e)) is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘(e)(1) No cause of action shall lie in any 
court against a person who— 
‘‘(A) produces tangible things or provides 
information, facilities, or technical assist-ance in accordance with an order issued or an emergency production required under this section; or 
‘‘(B) otherwise provides technical assist-
ance to the Government under this section or to implement the amendments made to this section by the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015. 
‘‘(2) A production or provision of informa-
tion, facilities, or technical assistance de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver of any privilege in any other proceeding or context.’’. 
SEC. 106. COMPENSATION FOR ASSISTANCE. 
Section 501 (50 U.S.C. 1861), as amended by 
section 102 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.014 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3361 May 31, 2015 
‘‘(j) C OMPENSATION .—The Government shall 
compensate a person for reasonable expenses incurred for— 
‘‘(1) producing tangible things or providing 
information, facilities, or assistance in ac-cordance with an order issued with respect to an application described in subsection (b)(2)(C) or an emergency production under subsection (i) that, to comply with sub-section (i)(1)(D), requires an application de-scribed in subsection (b)(2)(C); or 
‘‘(2) otherwise providing technical assist-
ance to the Government under this section or to implement the amendments made to this section by the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015.’’. 
SEC. 107. NOTICE TO THE ATTORNEY GENERAL 
ON CHANGES IN RETENTION OF 
CALL DETAIL RECORDS. 
Section 501 (50 U.S.C. 1861), as amended by 
section 106 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(k) P
ROSPECTIVE CHANGES TO EXISTING  
PRACTICES RELATED TO CALL DETAIL  
RECORDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with sub-
section (c)(2)(F), an electronic communica-tion service provider that has been issued an order to produce call detail records pursuant to an order under subsection (c) shall notify the Attorney General if that service provider intends to retain its call detail records for a period less than 18 months. 
‘‘(2) T
IMING OF NOTICE .—A notification 
under paragraph (1) shall be made not less than 180 days prior to the date such elec-tronic communications service provider in-tends to implement a policy to retain such records for a period less than 18 months.’’. 
SEC. 108. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 501 (50 U.S.C. 1861), as amended by 
section 107 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(l) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The terms ‘foreign 
power’, ‘agent of a foreign power’, ‘inter-national terrorism’, ‘foreign intelligence in-formation’, ‘Attorney General’, ‘United States person’, ‘United States’, ‘person’, and ‘State’ have the meanings provided those terms in section 101. 
‘‘(2) A
DDRESS .—The term ‘address’ means a 
physical address or electronic address, such as an electronic mail address or temporarily assigned network address (including an Internet protocol address). 
‘‘(3) C
ALL DETAIL RECORD .—The term ‘call 
detail record’— 
‘‘(A) means session-identifying informa-
tion (including an originating or terminating telephone number, an International Mobile Subscriber Identity number, or an Inter-national Mobile Station Equipment Identity number), a telephone calling card number, or the time or duration of a call; and 
‘‘(B) does not include— ‘‘(i) the contents (as defined in section 
2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any communication; 
‘‘(ii) the name, address, or financial infor-
mation of a subscriber or customer; or 
‘‘(iii) cell site location or global posi-
tioning system information. 
‘‘(4) S
PECIFIC SELECTION TERM .— 
‘‘(A) T ANGIBLE THINGS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), a ‘specific selection term’— 
‘‘(I) is a term that specifically identifies a 
person, account, address, or personal device, or any other specific identifier; and 
‘‘(II) is used to limit, to the greatest extent 
reasonably practicable, the scope of tangible things sought consistent with the purpose for seeking the tangible things. 
‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—A specific selection term 
under clause (i) does not include an identi-fier that does not limit, to the greatest ex-
tent reasonably practicable, the scope of tan-gible things sought consistent with the pur-pose for seeking the tangible things, such as an identifier that— 
‘‘(I) identifies an electronic communica-
tion service provider (as that term is defined in section 701) or a provider of remote com-puting service (as that term is defined in sec-tion 2711 of title 18, United States Code), when not used as part of a specific identifier as described in clause (i), unless the provider is itself a subject of an authorized investiga-tion for which the specific selection term is used as the basis for the production; or 
‘‘(II) identifies a broad geographic region, 
including the United States, a city, a coun-ty, a State, a zip code, or an area code, when not used as part of a specific identifier as de-scribed in clause (i). 
‘‘(iii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed to preclude the use of multiple terms or identifiers to meet the requirements of clause (i). 
‘‘(B) C
ALL DETAIL RECORD APPLICATIONS .— 
For purposes of an application submitted under subsection (b)(2)(C), the term ‘specific selection term’ means a term that specifi-cally identifies an individual, account, or personal device.’’. 
SEC. 109. INSPECTOR GENERAL REPORTS ON 
BUSINESS RECORDS ORDERS. 
Section 106A of the USA PATRIOT Im-
provement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–177; 120 Stat. 200) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and cal-
endar years 2012 through 2014’’ after ‘‘2006’’; 
(B) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; and 
(D) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-
ing the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) with respect to calendar years 2012 
through 2014, an examination of the mini-mization procedures used in relation to or-ders under section 501 of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861) and whether the minimization proce-dures adequately protect the constitutional rights of United States persons;’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘(as 
such term is defined in section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 401a(4)))’’; 
(2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) C
ALENDAR YEARS 2012 THROUGH 2014 .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015, the Inspector General of the Department of Jus-tice shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Select Committee on In-telligence of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report containing the re-sults of the audit conducted under sub-section (a) for calendar years 2012 through 2014.’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) 
as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; 
(4) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d) I
NTELLIGENCE ASSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For the period beginning 
on January 1, 2012, and ending on December 31, 2014, the Inspector General of the Intel-ligence Community shall assess— 
‘‘(A) the importance of the information ac-
quired under title V of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.) to the activities of the intel-ligence community; ‘‘(B) the manner in which that information 
was collected, retained, analyzed, and dis-seminated by the intelligence community; 
‘‘(C) the minimization procedures used by 
elements of the intelligence community under such title and whether the minimiza-tion procedures adequately protect the con-stitutional rights of United States persons; and 
‘‘(D) any minimization procedures pro-
posed by an element of the intelligence com-munity under such title that were modified or denied by the court established under sec-tion 103(a) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1803(a)). 
‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION DATE FOR ASSESSMENT .— 
Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Justice submits the report required under subsection (c)(3), the Inspector Gen-eral of the Intelligence Community shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report containing the results of the assess-ment for calendar years 2012 through 2014.’’; 
(5) in subsection (e), as redesignated by 
paragraph (3)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘a report under subsection 
(c)(1) or (c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘any report under subsection (c) or (d)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Inspector General of the 
Department of Justice’’ and inserting ‘‘In-spector General of the Department of Jus-tice, the Inspector General of the Intel-ligence Community, and any Inspector Gen-eral of an element of the intelligence com-munity that prepares a report to assist the Inspector General of the Department of Jus-
tice or the Inspector General of the Intel-ligence Community in complying with the requirements of this section’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the re-
ports submitted under subsections (c)(1) and (c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘any report submitted under subsection (c) or (d)’’; 
(6) in subsection (f), as redesignated by 
paragraph (3)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘The reports submitted 
under subsections (c)(1) and (c)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘Each report submitted under sub-section (c)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘subsection (d)(2)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘subsection (e)(2)’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) I NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term 
‘intelligence community’ has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
‘‘(2) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term 
‘United States person’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801).’’. 
SEC. 110. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amendments made by 
sections 101 through 103 shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) R
EVIEW AND CERTIFICATION .—The Direc-
tor of National Intelligence shall— 
(1) review the implementation of the tran-
sition from the existing procedures for the production of call detail records under title V of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), as in effect prior to the effective date for the amend-ments made by sections 101 through 103 of this Act, to the new procedures pursuant to the amendments made by sections 101 through 103 of this Act; and 
(2) not later than 30 days before the effec-
tive date specified in subsection (a), certify to Congress in writing that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.014 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3362 May 31, 2015 
(A) the implementation of the transition 
described in paragraph (1) is operationally effective to allow the timely retrieval of for-eign intelligence information from recipients of an order issued under section 501(c)(2)(F) of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978, as amended by section 101 of this Act; and 
(B) the implementation of the amendments 
made by section 101 through 103 of this Act— 
(i) will not harm the national security of 
the United States; and 
(ii) will ensure the protection of classified 
information and classified intelligence sources and methods related to such produc-tion of call detail records. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this Act shall be construed to alter or elimi-nate the authority of the Government to ob-tain an order under title V of the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.) as in effect prior to the effective date described in subsection (a) during the period ending on such effective date. 
SEC. 111. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to 
authorize the production of the contents (as such term is defined in section 2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any electronic communication from an electronic commu-nication service provider (as such term is de-fined in section 701(b)(4) of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1881(b)(4))) under title V of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.). 
TITLE II—FISA PEN REGISTER AND TRAP 
AND TRACE DEVICE REFORM 
SEC. 201. PROHIBITION ON BULK COLLECTION. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Section 402(c) (50 U.S.C. 
1842(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) a specific selection term to be used as 
the basis for the use of the pen register or trap and trace device.’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION .—Section 401 (50 U.S.C. 1841) 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(4)(A) The term ‘specific selection term’— ‘‘(i) is a term that specifically identifies a 
person, account, address, or personal device, or any other specific identifier; and 
‘‘(ii) is used to limit, to the greatest extent 
reasonably practicable, the scope of informa-tion sought, consistent with the purpose for seeking the use of the pen register or trap and trace device. 
‘‘(B) A specific selection term under sub-
paragraph (A) does not include an identifier that does not limit, to the greatest extent reasonably practicable, the scope of informa-tion sought, consistent with the purpose for seeking the use of the pen register or trap and trace device, such as an identifier that— 
‘‘(i) identifies an electronic communica-
tion service provider (as that term is defined in section 701) or a provider of remote com-puting service (as that term is defined in sec-tion 2711 of title 18, United States Code), when not used as part of a specific identifier as described in subparagraph (A), unless the provider is itself a subject of an authorized investigation for which the specific selection term is used as the basis for the use; or 
‘‘(ii) identifies a broad geographic region, 
including the United States, a city, a coun-ty, a State, a zip code, or an area code, when not used as part of a specific identifier as de-scribed in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(C) For purposes of subparagraph (A), the 
term ‘address’ means a physical address or electronic address, such as an electronic mail address or temporarily assigned net-
work address (including an Internet protocol address). 
‘‘(D) Nothing in this paragraph shall be 
construed to preclude the use of multiple terms or identifiers to meet the require-ments of subparagraph (A).’’. 
SEC. 202. PRIVACY PROCEDURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 402 (50 U.S.C. 
1842) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(h) P
RIVACY PROCEDURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General 
shall ensure that appropriate policies and procedures are in place to safeguard nonpub-licly available information concerning United States persons that is collected through the use of a pen register or trap and trace device installed under this section. Such policies and procedures shall, to the maximum extent practicable and consistent with the need to protect national security, include privacy protections that apply to the collection, retention, and use of information concerning United States persons. 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection limits the authority of the court established under section 103(a) or of the Attorney General to impose additional privacy or minimization procedures with re-gard to the installation or use of a pen reg-ister or trap and trace device.’’. 
(b) E
MERGENCY AUTHORITY .—Section 403 (50 
U.S.C. 1843) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) P
RIVACY PROCEDURES .—Information 
collected through the use of a pen register or trap and trace device installed under this section shall be subject to the policies and procedures required under section 402(h).’’. 
TITLE III—FISA ACQUISITIONS TAR-
GETING PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES REFORMS 
SEC. 301. LIMITS ON USE OF UNLAWFULLY OB-
TAINED INFORMATION. 
Section 702(i)(3) (50 U.S.C. 1881a(i)(3)) is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) L
IMITATION ON USE OF INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), if the Court orders a correction of a deficiency in a certification or procedures under subparagraph (B), no information ob-tained or evidence derived pursuant to the part of the certification or procedures that has been identified by the Court as deficient concerning any United States person shall be received in evidence or otherwise disclosed in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding in or before any court, grand jury, department, office, agency, regulatory body, legislative committee, or other authority of the United States, a State, or political subdivision thereof, and no information concerning any United States person acquired pursuant to such part of such certification or procedures shall subsequently be used or disclosed in any other manner by Federal officers or em-ployees without the consent of the United States person, except with the approval of the Attorney General if the information in-dicates a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any person. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—If the Government cor-
rects any deficiency identified by the order of the Court under subparagraph (B), the Court may permit the use or disclosure of in-formation obtained before the date of the correction under such minimization proce-dures as the Court may approve for purposes of this clause.’’. 
TITLE IV—FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE 
SURVEILLANCE COURT REFORMS 
SEC. 401. APPOINTMENT OF AMICUS CURIAE. 
Section 103 (50 U.S.C. 1803) is amended by 
adding at the end the following new sub-sections: ‘‘(i) A
MICUS CURIAE .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORIZATION .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) is authorized, con-sistent with the requirement of subsection (c) and any other statutory requirement that the court act expeditiously or within a stat-ed time— 
‘‘(A) to appoint amicus curiae to— ‘‘(i) assist the court in the consideration of 
any application for an order or review that, in the opinion of the court, presents a novel or significant interpretation of the law; or 
‘‘(ii) provide technical expertise in any in-
stance the court considers appropriate; or 
‘‘(B) upon motion, to permit an individual 
or organization leave to file an amicus cu-riae brief. 
‘‘(2) D
ESIGNATION .—The courts established 
by subsection (a) and (b) shall each designate 1 or more individuals who may be appointed to serve as amicus curiae and who are deter-mined to be eligible for access to classified national security information necessary to participate in matters before such courts (if such access is necessary for participation in the matters for which they may be ap-pointed). In appointing an amicus curiae pur-suant to paragraph (1), the court may choose from among those so designated. 
‘‘(3) E
XPERTISE .—An individual appointed 
as an amicus curiae under paragraph (1) may be an individual who possesses expertise on privacy and civil liberties, intelligence col-lection, communications technology, or any other area that may lend legal or technical expertise to the court. 
‘‘(4) D
UTIES .—An amicus curiae appointed 
under paragraph (1) to assist with the consid-eration of a covered matter shall carry out the duties assigned by the appointing court. That court may authorize the amicus curiae to review any application, certification, peti-tion, motion, or other submission that the court determines is relevant to the duties as-signed by the court. 
‘‘(5) N
OTIFICATION .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) shall notify the Attorney General of each exercise of the au-thority to appoint an amicus curiae under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(6) A
SSISTANCE .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) may request and receive (including on a non-reimbursable basis) the assistance of the executive branch in the implementation of this subsection. 
‘‘(7) A
DMINISTRATION .—A court established 
under subsection (a) or (b) may provide for the designation, appointment, removal, training, or other support of an amicus cu-riae appointed under paragraph (1) in a man-ner that is not inconsistent with this sub-section. 
‘‘(j) R
EVIEW OF FISA C OURT DECISIONS .— 
Following issuance of an order under this Act, a court established under subsection (a) shall certify for review to the court estab-lished under subsection (b) any question of law that may affect resolution of the matter in controversy that the court determines warrants such review because of a need for uniformity or because consideration by the court established under subsection (b) would serve the interests of justice. Upon certifi-cation of a question of law under this sub-section, the court established under sub-section (b) may give binding instructions or require the entire record to be sent up for de-cision of the entire matter in controversy. 
‘‘(k) R
EVIEW OF FISA C OURT OF REVIEW DE-
CISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) C ERTIFICATION .—For purposes of sec-
tion 1254(2) of title 28, United States Code, the court of review established under sub-section (b) shall be considered to be a court of appeals. 
‘‘(2) A
MICUS CURIAE BRIEFING .—Upon cer-
tification of an application under paragraph (1), the Supreme Court of the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.014 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3363 May 31, 2015 
may appoint an amicus curiae designated 
under subsection (i)(3), or any other person, to provide briefing or other assistance.’’. 
TITLE V—NATIONAL SECURITY LETTER 
REFORM 
SEC. 501. PROHIBITION ON BULK COLLECTION. 
(a) C OUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACCESS TO TELE-
PHONE TOLL AND TRANSACTIONAL RECORDS .— 
Section 2709(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘may’’ and insert-ing ‘‘may, using a term that specifically identifies a person, entity, telephone num-ber, or account as the basis for a request’’. 
(b) A
CCESS TO FINANCIAL RECORDS FOR CER-
TAIN INTELLIGENCE AND PROTECTIVE PUR-
POSES .—Section 1114(a)(2) of the Right to Fi-
nancial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414(a)(2)) is amended by striking the period and inserting ‘‘and a term that specifically identifies a customer, entity, or account to be used as the basis for the production and disclosure of financial records.’’. 
(c) D
ISCLOSURES TO FBI OFCERTAIN CON-
SUMER RECORDS FOR COUNTERINTELLIGENCE  
PURPOSES .—Section 626 of the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘that in-
formation,’’ and inserting ‘‘that information that includes a term that specifically identi-fies a consumer or account to be used as the basis for the production of that informa-tion,’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘written 
request,’’ and inserting ‘‘written request that includes a term that specifically identi-fies a consumer or account to be used as the basis for the production of that informa-tion,’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘, which 
shall include a term that specifically identi-fies a consumer or account to be used as the basis for the production of the information,’’ after ‘‘issue an order ex parte’’. 
(d) D
ISCLOSURES TO GOVERNMENTAL AGEN-
CIES FOR COUNTERTERRORISM PURPOSES OF  
CONSUMER REPORTS .—Section 627(a) of the 
Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681v(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘analysis.’’ and in-serting ‘‘analysis and that includes a term that specifically identifies a consumer or ac-count to be used as the basis for the produc-tion of such information.’’. 
SEC. 502. LIMITATIONS ON DISCLOSURE OF NA-
TIONAL SECURITY LETTERS. 
(a) C OUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACCESS TO TELE-
PHONE TOLL AND TRANSACTIONAL RECORDS .— 
Section 2709 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (c) and in-serting the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION OF CERTAIN DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a certification is 
issued under subparagraph (B) and notice of the right to judicial review under subsection (d) is provided, no wire or electronic commu-nication service provider that receives a re-quest under subsection (b), or officer, em-ployee, or agent thereof, shall disclose to any person that the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation has sought or obtained access to in-formation or records under this section. 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The requirements of 
subparagraph (A) shall apply if the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, or a designee of the Director whose rank shall be no lower than Deputy Assistant Director at Bureau headquarters or a Special Agent in Charge of a Bureau field office, certifies that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this subsection may result in— 
‘‘(i) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(ii) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(iii) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or ‘‘(iv) danger to the life or physical safety 
of any person. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A wire or electronic 
communication service provider that re-
ceives a request under subsection (b), or offi-cer, employee, or agent thereof, may disclose information otherwise subject to any appli-cable nondisclosure requirement to— 
‘‘(i) those persons to whom disclosure is 
necessary in order to comply with the re-quest; 
‘‘(ii) an attorney in order to obtain legal 
advice or assistance regarding the request; or 
‘‘(iii) other persons as permitted by the Di-
rector of the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the designee of the Director. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—A person to whom dis-
closure is made under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the nondisclosure requirements applicable to a person to whom a request is issued under subsection (b) in the same man-ner as the person to whom the request is issued. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Any recipient that discloses 
to a person described in subparagraph (A) in-formation otherwise subject to a nondisclo-sure requirement shall notify the person of the applicable nondisclosure requirement. 
‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE RECIPI -
ENTS .—At the request of the Director of the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation or the des-ignee of the Director, any person making or intending to make a disclosure under clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall identify to the Director or such designee the person to whom such disclosure will be made or to whom such disclosure was made prior to the request.’’. 
(b) A
CCESS TO FINANCIAL RECORDS FOR CER-
TAIN INTELLIGENCE AND PROTECTIVE PUR-
POSES .—Section 1114 of the Right to Finan-
cial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(5), by striking sub-
paragraph (D); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION OF CERTAIN DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a certification is 
issued under subparagraph (B) and notice of the right to judicial review under subsection (d) is provided, no financial institution that receives a request under subsection (a), or of-ficer, employee, or agent thereof, shall dis-close to any person that the Federal Bureau of Investigation has sought or obtained ac-cess to information or records under sub-section (a). 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The requirements of 
subparagraph (A) shall apply if the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, or a designee of the Director whose rank shall be no lower than Deputy Assistant Director at Bureau headquarters or a Special Agent in Charge of a Bureau field office, certifies that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this subsection may result in— 
‘‘(i) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(ii) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(iii) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(iv) danger to the life or physical safety 
of any person. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A financial institution 
that receives a request under subsection (a), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, may disclose information otherwise subject to any applicable nondisclosure requirement to— ‘‘(i) those persons to whom disclosure is 
necessary in order to comply with the re-quest; 
‘‘(ii) an attorney in order to obtain legal 
advice or assistance regarding the request; or 
‘‘(iii) other persons as permitted by the Di-
rector of the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the designee of the Director. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—A person to whom dis-
closure is made under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the nondisclosure requirements applicable to a person to whom a request is issued under subsection (a) in the same man-ner as the person to whom the request is issued. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Any recipient that discloses 
to a person described in subparagraph (A) in-formation otherwise subject to a nondisclo-sure requirement shall inform the person of the applicable nondisclosure requirement. 
‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE RECIPI -
ENTS .—At the request of the Director of the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation or the des-ignee of the Director, any person making or intending to make a disclosure under clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall identify to the Director or such designee the person to whom such disclosure will be made or to whom such disclosure was made prior to the request.’’. 
(c) I
DENTITY OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  
AND CREDIT REPORTS .—Section 626 of the 
Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u) is amended by striking subsection (d) and in-serting the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION OF CERTAIN DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a certification is 
issued under subparagraph (B) and notice of the right to judicial review under subsection (e) is provided, no consumer reporting agen-cy that receives a request under subsection 
(a) or (b) or an order under subsection (c), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, shall dis-close or specify in any consumer report, that the Federal Bureau of Investigation has sought or obtained access to information or records under subsection (a), (b), or (c). 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The requirements of 
subparagraph (A) shall apply if the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, or a designee of the Director whose rank shall be no lower than Deputy Assistant Director at Bureau headquarters or a Special Agent in Charge of a Bureau field office, certifies that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this subsection may result in— 
‘‘(i) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(ii) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(iii) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(iv) danger to the life or physical safety 
of any person. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A consumer reporting 
agency that receives a request under sub-section (a) or (b) or an order under sub-section (c), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, may disclose information otherwise subject to any applicable nondisclosure re-quirement to— 
‘‘(i) those persons to whom disclosure is 
necessary in order to comply with the re-quest; 
‘‘(ii) an attorney in order to obtain legal 
advice or assistance regarding the request; or 
‘‘(iii) other persons as permitted by the Di-
rector of the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the designee of the Director. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—A person to whom dis-
closure is made under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the nondisclosure requirements applicable to a person to whom a request 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.014 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3364 May 31, 2015 
under subsection (a) or (b) or an order under 
subsection (c) is issued in the same manner as the person to whom the request is issued. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Any recipient that discloses 
to a person described in subparagraph (A) in-formation otherwise subject to a nondisclo-sure requirement shall inform the person of the applicable nondisclosure requirement. 
‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE RECIPI -
ENTS .—At the request of the Director of the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation or the des-ignee of the Director, any person making or intending to make a disclosure under clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall identify to the Director or such designee the person to whom such disclosure will be made or to whom such disclosure was made prior to the request.’’. 
(d) C
ONSUMER REPORTS .—Section 627 of the 
Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681v) is amended by striking subsection (c) and in-serting the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION OF CERTAIN DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a certification is 
issued under subparagraph (B) and notice of the right to judicial review under subsection (d) is provided, no consumer reporting agen-cy that receives a request under subsection (a), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, shall disclose or specify in any consumer re-port, that a government agency described in subsection (a) has sought or obtained access to information or records under subsection (a). 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The requirements of 
subparagraph (A) shall apply if the head of the government agency described in sub-section (a), or a designee, certifies that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this subsection may result in— 
‘‘(i) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(ii) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(iii) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(iv) danger to the life or physical safety 
of any person. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A consumer reporting 
agency that receives a request under sub-section (a), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, may disclose information otherwise subject to any applicable nondisclosure re-quirement to— 
‘‘(i) those persons to whom disclosure is 
necessary in order to comply with the re-quest; 
‘‘(ii) an attorney in order to obtain legal 
advice or assistance regarding the request; or 
‘‘(iii) other persons as permitted by the 
head of the government agency described in subsection (a) or a designee. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—A person to whom dis-
closure is made under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the nondisclosure requirements applicable to a person to whom a request under subsection (a) is issued in the same manner as the person to whom the request is issued. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Any recipient that discloses 
to a person described in subparagraph (A) in-formation otherwise subject to a nondisclo-sure requirement shall inform the person of the applicable nondisclosure requirement. 
‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE RECIPI -
ENTS .—At the request of the head of the gov-
ernment agency described in subsection (a) or a designee, any person making or intend-ing to make a disclosure under clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall identify to the head or such designee the person to whom such disclosure will be made or to whom such disclosure was made prior to the re-quest.’’. (e) I
NVESTIGATIONS OF PERSONS WITHAC-
CESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Section 
802 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3162) is amended by striking sub-section (b) and inserting the following new subsection: 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION OF CERTAIN DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) P ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a certification is 
issued under subparagraph (B) and notice of the right to judicial review under subsection (c) is provided, no governmental or private entity that receives a request under sub-section (a), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, shall disclose to any person that an authorized investigative agency described in subsection (a) has sought or obtained access to information under subsection (a). 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The requirements of 
subparagraph (A) shall apply if the head of an authorized investigative agency described in subsection (a), or a designee, certifies that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this subsection may result in— 
‘‘(i) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(ii) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(iii) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(iv) danger to the life or physical safety 
of any person. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A governmental or pri-
vate entity that receives a request under subsection (a), or officer, employee, or agent thereof, may disclose information otherwise subject to any applicable nondisclosure re-quirement to— 
‘‘(i) those persons to whom disclosure is 
necessary in order to comply with the re-quest; 
‘‘(ii) an attorney in order to obtain legal 
advice or assistance regarding the request; or 
‘‘(iii) other persons as permitted by the 
head of the authorized investigative agency described in subsection (a) or a designee. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—A person to whom dis-
closure is made under subparagraph (A) shall be subject to the nondisclosure requirements applicable to a person to whom a request is issued under subsection (a) in the same man-ner as the person to whom the request is issued. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Any recipient that discloses 
to a person described in subparagraph (A) in-formation otherwise subject to a nondisclo-sure requirement shall inform the person of the applicable nondisclosure requirement. 
‘‘(D) I
DENTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE RECIPI -
ENTS .—At the request of the head of an au-
thorized investigative agency described in subsection (a), or a designee, any person making or intending to make a disclosure under clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall identify to the head of the authorized investigative agency or such designee the person to whom such disclosure will be made or to whom such disclosure was made prior to the request.’’. 
(f) T
ERMINATION PROCEDURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall adopt procedures with respect to nondisclosure requirements issued pursuant to section 2709 of title 18, United States Code, section 626 or 627 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u and 1681v), section 1114 of the Right to Fi-nancial Privacy Act (12 U.S.C. 3414), or sec-tion 802 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3162), as amended by this Act, to require— 
(A) the review at appropriate intervals of 
such a nondisclosure requirement to assess whether the facts supporting nondisclosure 
continue to exist; 
(B) the termination of such a nondisclosure 
requirement if the facts no longer support nondisclosure; and 
(C) appropriate notice to the recipient of 
the national security letter, or officer, em-ployee, or agent thereof, subject to the non-disclosure requirement, and the applicable court as appropriate, that the nondisclosure requirement has been terminated. 
(2) R
EPORTING .—Upon adopting the proce-
dures required under paragraph (1), the At-torney General shall submit the procedures to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. 
(g) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Section 3511 of title 
18, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing subsection (b) and inserting the following new subsection: 
‘‘(b) N
ONDISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) N OTICE .—If a recipient of a request or 
order for a report, records, or other informa-tion under section 2709 of this title, section 626 or 627 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u and 1681v), section 1114 of the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414), or section 802 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3162), wishes to have a court review a nondisclosure re-quirement imposed in connection with the request or order, the recipient may notify the Government or file a petition for judicial review in any court described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of receipt of a notification under subparagraph (A), the Government shall apply for an order prohibiting the dis-closure of the existence or contents of the relevant request or order. An application under this subparagraph may be filed in the 
district court of the United States for the ju-dicial district in which the recipient of the order is doing business or in the district court of the United States for any judicial district within which the authorized inves-tigation that is the basis for the request is being conducted. The applicable nondisclo-sure requirement shall remain in effect dur-ing the pendency of proceedings relating to the requirement. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSIDERATION .—A district court of 
the United States that receives a petition under subparagraph (A) or an application under subparagraph (B) should rule expedi-tiously, and shall, subject to paragraph (3), issue a nondisclosure order that includes conditions appropriate to the circumstances. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION CONTENTS .—An applica-
tion for a nondisclosure order or extension thereof or a response to a petition filed under paragraph (1) shall include a certifi-cation from the Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General, an Assistant Attorney General, or the Director of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, or a designee in a posi-tion not lower than Deputy Assistant Direc-tor at Bureau headquarters or a Special Agent in Charge in a Bureau field office des-ignated by the Director, or in the case of a request by a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the Federal Government other than the Department of Justice, the head or deputy head of the department, agency, or instrumentality, containing a statement of specific facts indicating that the absence of a prohibition of disclosure under this sub-section may result in— 
‘‘(A) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(B) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(C) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.014 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3365 May 31, 2015 
‘‘(D) danger to the life or physical safety of 
any person. 
‘‘(3) S TANDARD .—A district court of the 
United States shall issue a nondisclosure order or extension thereof under this sub-section if the court determines that there is reason to believe that disclosure of the infor-mation subject to the nondisclosure require-ment during the applicable time period may result in— 
‘‘(A) a danger to the national security of 
the United States; 
‘‘(B) interference with a criminal, counter-
terrorism, or counterintelligence investiga-tion; 
‘‘(C) interference with diplomatic rela-
tions; or 
‘‘(D) danger to the life or physical safety of 
any person.’’. 
SEC. 503. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) C OUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACCESS TO TELE-
PHONE TOLL AND TRANSACTIONAL RECORDS .— 
Section 2709 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), 
and (f) as subsections (e), (f), and (g), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A request under sub-
section (b) or a nondisclosure requirement imposed in connection with such request under subsection (c) shall be subject to judi-cial review under section 3511. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—A request under subsection 
(b) shall include notice of the availability of judicial review described in paragraph (1).’’. 
(b) A
CCESS TO FINANCIAL RECORDS FOR CER-
TAIN INTELLIGENCE AND PROTECTIVE PUR-
POSES .—Section 1114 of the Right to Finan-
cial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A request under sub-
section (a) or a nondisclosure requirement imposed in connection with such request under subsection (c) shall be subject to judi-cial review under section 3511 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—A request under subsection 
(a) shall include notice of the availability of judicial review described in paragraph (1).’’. 
(c) I
DENTITY OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  
AND CREDIT REPORTS .—Section 626 of the 
Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (e) 
through (m) as subsections (f) through (n), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(e) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A request under sub-
section (a) or (b) or an order under sub-section (c) or a non-disclosure requirement imposed in connection with such request under subsection (d) shall be subject to judi-cial review under section 3511 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—A request under subsection 
(a) or (b) or an order under subsection (c) shall include notice of the availability of ju-dicial review described in paragraph (1).’’. 
(d) I
DENTITY OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  
AND CREDIT REPORTS .—Section 627 of the 
Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681v) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), 
and (f) as subsections (e), (f), and (g), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A request under sub-
section (a) or a non-disclosure requirement imposed in connection with such request under subsection (c) shall be subject to judi-cial review under section 3511 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—A request under subsection 
(a) shall include notice of the availability of judicial review described in paragraph (1).’’. 
(e) I
NVESTIGATIONS OF PERSONS WITHAC-
CESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Section 
802 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3162) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) 
through (f) as subsections (d) through (g), re-spectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A request under sub-
section (a) or a nondisclosure requirement imposed in connection with such request under subsection (b) shall be subject to judi-cial review under section 3511 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—A request under subsection 
(a) shall include notice of the availability of judicial review described in paragraph (1).’’. 
TITLE VI—FISA TRANSPARENCY AND 
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS 
SEC. 601. ADDITIONAL REPORTING ON ORDERS 
REQUIRING PRODUCTION OF BUSI-NESS RECORDS; BUSINESS RECORDS COMPLIANCE REPORTS TO CON-GRESS. 
(a) R EPORTS SUBMITTED TO COMMITTEES .— 
Section 502(b) (50 U.S.C. 1862(b)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and 
(3) as paragraphs (6), (7), and (8), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting before paragraph (6) (as so 
redesignated) the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(1) a summary of all compliance reviews 
conducted by the Government for the pro-duction of tangible things under section 501; 
‘‘(2) the total number of applications de-
scribed in section 501(b)(2)(B) made for orders approving requests for the production of tan-gible things; 
‘‘(3) the total number of such orders either 
granted, modified, or denied; 
‘‘(4) the total number of applications de-
scribed in section 501(b)(2)(C) made for orders approving requests for the production of call detail records; 
‘‘(5) the total number of such orders either 
granted, modified, or denied;’’. 
(b) R
EPORTING ON CERTAIN TYPES OF PRO-
DUCTION .—Section 502(c)(1) (50 U.S.C. 
1862(c)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(C) the total number of applications made 
for orders approving requests for the produc-tion of tangible things under section 501 in which the specific selection term does not specifically identify an individual, account, or personal device; 
‘‘(D) the total number of orders described 
in subparagraph (C) either granted, modified, or denied; and 
‘‘(E) with respect to orders described in 
subparagraph (D) that have been granted or modified, whether the court established under section 103 has directed additional, particularized minimization procedures be-yond those adopted pursuant to section 501(g).’’. 
SEC. 602. ANNUAL REPORTS BY THE GOVERN-
MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VI (50 U.S.C. 1871 et 
seq.), as amended by section 402 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the 
following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 603. ANNUAL REPORTS. 
‘‘(a) R EPORT BY DIRECTOR OF THE ADMINIS -
TRATIVE OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES  
COURTS .— 
‘‘(1) R EPORT REQUIRED .—The Director of 
the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall annually submit to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate, sub-ject to a declassification review by the At-torney General and the Director of National Intelligence, a report that includes— 
‘‘(A) the number of applications or certifi-
cations for orders submitted under each of sections 105, 304, 402, 501, 702, 703, and 704; 
‘‘(B) the number of such orders granted 
under each of those sections; 
‘‘(C) the number of orders modified under 
each of those sections; 
‘‘(D) the number of applications or certifi-
cations denied under each of those sections; 
‘‘(E) the number of appointments of an in-
dividual to serve as amicus curiae under sec-tion 103, including the name of each indi-vidual appointed to serve as amicus curiae; and 
‘‘(F) the number of findings issued under 
section 103(i) that such appointment is not appropriate and the text of any such find-ings. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICATION .—The Director shall 
make the report required under paragraph (1) publicly available on an Internet Web site, except that the Director shall not make pub-licly available on an Internet Web site the findings described in subparagraph (F) of paragraph (1). 
‘‘(b) M
ANDATORY REPORTING BY DIRECTOR  
OFNATIONAL INTELLIGENCE .—Except as pro-
vided in subsection (d), the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall annually make pub-licly available on an Internet Web site a re-port that identifies, for the preceding 12- month period— 
‘‘(1) the total number of orders issued pur-
suant to titles I and III and sections 703 and 704 and a good faith estimate of the number of targets of such orders; 
‘‘(2) the total number of orders issued pur-
suant to section 702 and a good faith esti-mate of— 
‘‘(A) the number of search terms con-
cerning a known United States person used to retrieve the unminimized contents of elec-tronic communications or wire communica-tions obtained through acquisitions author-ized under such section, excluding the num-ber of search terms used to prevent the re-turn of information concerning a United States person; and 
‘‘(B) the number of queries concerning a 
known United States person of unminimized noncontents information relating to elec-tronic communications or wire communica-tions obtained through acquisitions author-ized under such section, excluding the num-ber of queries containing information used to prevent the return of information concerning a United States person; 
‘‘(3) the total number of orders issued pur-
suant to title IV and a good faith estimate of— 
‘‘(A) the number of targets of such orders; 
and 
‘‘(B) the number of unique identifiers used 
to communicate information collected pur-suant to such orders; 
‘‘(4) the total number of orders issued pur-
suant to applications made under section 501(b)(2)(B) and a good faith estimate of— 
‘‘(A) the number of targets of such orders; 
and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.014 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3366 May 31, 2015 
‘‘(B) the number of unique identifiers used 
to communicate information collected pur-suant to such orders; 
‘‘(5) the total number of orders issued pur-
suant to applications made under section 501(b)(2)(C) and a good faith estimate of— 
‘‘(A) the number of targets of such orders; ‘‘(B) the number of unique identifiers used 
to communicate information collected pur-suant to such orders; and 
‘‘(C) the number of search terms that in-
cluded information concerning a United States person that were used to query any database of call detail records obtained through the use of such orders; and 
‘‘(6) the total number of national security 
letters issued and the number of requests for information contained within such national security letters. 
‘‘(c) T
IMING .—The annual reports required 
by subsections (a) and (b) shall be made pub-licly available during April of each year and include information relating to the previous calendar year. 
‘‘(d) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
‘‘(1) S TATEMENT OF NUMERICAL RANGE .—If a 
good faith estimate required to be reported under subparagraph (B) of any of paragraphs (3), (4), or (5) of subsection (b) is fewer than 500, it shall be expressed as a numerical range of ‘fewer than 500’ and shall not be ex-pressed as an individual number. 
‘‘(2) N
ONAPPLICABILITY TO CERTAIN INFOR -
MATION .— 
‘‘(A) F EDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION .— 
Paragraphs (2)(A), (2)(B), and (5)(C) of sub-section (b) shall not apply to information or records held by, or queries conducted by, the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
‘‘(B) E
LECTRONIC MAIL ADDRESS AND TELE -
PHONE NUMBERS .—Paragraph (3)(B) of sub-
section (b) shall not apply to orders resulting in the acquisition of information by the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation that does not include electronic mail addresses or tele-phone numbers. 
‘‘(3) C
ERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence concludes that a good faith estimate required to be reported under subsection (b)(2)(B) cannot be determined ac-curately because some but not all of the rel-evant elements of the intelligence commu-nity are able to provide such good faith esti-mate, the Director shall— 
‘‘(i) certify that conclusion in writing to 
the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judi-ciary of the House of Representatives; 
‘‘(ii) report the good faith estimate for 
those relevant elements able to provide such good faith estimate; 
‘‘(iii) explain when it is reasonably antici-
pated that such an estimate will be able to be determined fully and accurately; and 
‘‘(iv) make such certification publicly 
available on an Internet Web site. 
‘‘(B) F
ORM.—A certification described in 
subparagraph (A) shall be prepared in unclas-sified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
‘‘(C) T
IMING .—If the Director of National 
Intelligence continues to conclude that the good faith estimates described in this para-graph cannot be determined accurately, the Director shall annually submit a certifi-cation in accordance with this paragraph. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C ONTENTS .—The term ‘contents’ has 
the meaning given that term under section 2510 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) E
LECTRONIC COMMUNICATION .—The 
term ‘electronic communication’ has the meaning given that term under section 2510 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(3) N
ATIONAL SECURITY LETTER .—The term 
‘national security letter’ means a request for a report, records, or other information under— 
‘‘(A) section 2709 of title 18, United States 
Code; 
‘‘(B) section 1114(a)(5)(A) of the Right to 
Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3414(a)(5)(A)); 
‘‘(C) subsection (a) or (b) of section 626 of 
the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681u(a), 1681u(b)); or 
‘‘(D) section 627(a) of the Fair Credit Re-
porting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681v(a)). 
‘‘(4) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term 
‘United States person’ means a citizen of the United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence (as defined in sec-tion 101(a) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a))). 
‘‘(5) W
IRE COMMUNICATION .—The term ‘wire 
communication’ has the meaning given that term under section 2510 of title 18, United States Code.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents, as amended by section 402 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 602, as added by section 402 of this Act, the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘Sec. 603. Annual reports.’’. 
(c) P
UBLIC REPORTING ON NATIONAL SECU-
RITY LETTERS .—Section 118(c) of the USA 
PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (18 U.S.C. 3511 note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘United States’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, ex-
cluding the number of requests for subscriber information’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), each report required under this subsection shall include a good faith es-timate of the total number of requests de-scribed in paragraph (1) requiring disclosure of information concerning— 
‘‘(i) United States persons; and ‘‘(ii) persons who are not United States 
persons. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—With respect to the num-
ber of requests for subscriber information under section 2709 of title 18, United States Code, a report required under this subsection need not separate the number of requests into each of the categories described in sub-paragraph (A).’’. 
(d) S
TORED COMMUNICATIONS .—Section 
2702(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) the number of accounts from which 
the Department of Justice has received vol-untary disclosures under subsection (c)(4).’’. 
SEC. 603. PUBLIC REPORTING BY PERSONS SUB-
JECT TO FISA ORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VI (50 U.S.C. 1871 et 
seq.), as amended by sections 402 and 602 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 604. PUBLIC REPORTING BY PERSONS SUB-
JECT TO ORDERS. 
‘‘(a) R EPORTING .—A person subject to a 
nondisclosure requirement accompanying an order or directive under this Act or a na-tional security letter may, with respect to such order, directive, or national security letter, publicly report the following informa-
tion using one of the following structures: 
‘‘(1) A semiannual report that aggregates 
the number of orders, directives, or national security letters with which the person was required to comply into separate categories of— 
‘‘(A) the number of national security let-
ters received, reported in bands of 1000 start-ing with 0–999; 
‘‘(B) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted by national security letters, reported in bands of 1000 starting with 0–999; 
‘‘(C) the number of orders or directives re-
ceived, combined, under this Act for con-tents, reported in bands of 1000 starting with 0–999; 
‘‘(D) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted under orders or directives received, combined, under this Act for contents re-ported in bands of 1000 starting with 0–999; 
‘‘(E) the number of orders received under 
this Act for noncontents, reported in bands of 1000 starting with 0–999; and 
‘‘(F) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted under orders under this Act for non-contents, reported in bands of 1000 starting with 0–999, pursuant to— 
‘‘(i) title IV; ‘‘(ii) title V with respect to applications 
described in section 501(b)(2)(B); and 
‘‘(iii) title V with respect to applications 
described in section 501(b)(2)(C). 
‘‘(2) A semiannual report that aggregates 
the number of orders, directives, or national security letters with which the person was required to comply into separate categories of— 
‘‘(A) the number of national security let-
ters received, reported in bands of 500 start-ing with 0–499; 
‘‘(B) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted by national security letters, reported in bands of 500 starting with 0–499; 
‘‘(C) the number of orders or directives re-
ceived, combined, under this Act for con-tents, reported in bands of 500 starting with 0–499; 
‘‘(D) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted under orders or directives received, combined, under this Act for contents, re-ported in bands of 500 starting with 0–499; 
‘‘(E) the number of orders received under 
this Act for noncontents, reported in bands of 500 starting with 0–499; and 
‘‘(F) the number of customer selectors tar-
geted under orders received under this Act for noncontents, reported in bands of 500 starting with 0–499. 
‘‘(3) A semiannual report that aggregates 
the number of orders, directives, or national security letters with which the person was required to comply in the into separate cat-egories of— 
‘‘(A) the total number of all national secu-
rity process received, including all national security letters, and orders or directives under this Act, combined, reported in bands of 250 starting with 0–249; and 
‘‘(B) the total number of customer selec-
tors targeted under all national security process received, including all national secu-rity letters, and orders or directives under this Act, combined, reported in bands of 250 starting with 0–249. 
‘‘(4) An annual report that aggregates the 
number of orders, directives, and national se-curity letters the person was required to comply with into separate categories of— 
‘‘(A) the total number of all national secu-
rity process received, including all national security letters, and orders or directives under this Act, combined, reported in bands of 100 starting with 0–99; and 
‘‘(B) the total number of customer selec-
tors targeted under all national security process received, including all national secu-rity letters, and orders or directives under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.014 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3367 May 31, 2015 
this Act, combined, reported in bands of 100 
starting with 0–99. 
‘‘(b) P ERIOD OF TIME COVERED BY RE-
PORTS .— 
‘‘(1) A report described in paragraph (1) or 
(2) of subsection (a) shall include only infor-mation— 
‘‘(A) relating to national security letters 
for the previous 180 days; and 
‘‘(B) relating to authorities under this Act 
for the 180-day period of time ending on the date that is not less than 180 days prior to the date of the publication of such report, except that with respect to a platform, prod-uct, or service for which a person did not previously receive an order or directive (not including an enhancement to or iteration of an existing publicly available platform, product, or service) such report shall not in-clude any information relating to such new order or directive until 540 days after the date on which such new order or directive is received. 
‘‘(2) A report described in paragraph (3) of 
subsection (a) shall include only information relating to the previous 180 days. 
‘‘(3) A report described in paragraph (4) of 
subsection (a) shall include only information for the 1-year period of time ending on the date that is not less than 1 year prior to the date of the publication of such report. 
‘‘(c) O
THER FORMS OF AGREED TO PUBLICA -
TION.—Nothing in this section prohibits the 
Government and any person from jointly agreeing to the publication of information referred to in this subsection in a time, form, or manner other than as described in this section. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C ONTENTS .—The term ‘contents’ has 
the meaning given that term under section 
2510 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) N ATIONAL SECURITY LETTER .—The term 
‘national security letter’ has the meaning given that term under section 603.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents, as amended by sections 402 and 602 of this Act, is further amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 603, as added by section 602 of this Act, the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘Sec. 604. Public reporting by persons sub-
ject to orders.’’. 
SEC. 604. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS FOR DECI-
SIONS, ORDERS, AND OPINIONS OF THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SUR-VEILLANCE COURT AND THE FOR-EIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE COURT OF REVIEW. 
Section 601(c)(1) (50 U.S.C. 1871(c)(1)) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) not later than 45 days after the date on 
which the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court or the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Court of Review issues a decision, order, or opinion, including any denial or modification of an application under this Act, that includes significant construction or interpretation of any provision of law or results in a change of application of any pro-vision of this Act or a novel application of any provision of this Act, a copy of such de-cision, order, or opinion and any pleadings, applications, or memoranda of law associ-ated with such decision, order, or opinion; and’’. 
SEC. 605. SUBMISSION OF REPORTS UNDER FISA. 
(a) E LECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE .—Section 
108(a)(1) (50 U.S.C. 1808(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘the House Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate’’. (b) P
HYSICAL SEARCHES .—The matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1) of section 306 (50 U.S.C. 1826) is amended— 
(1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Per-
manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate,’’ and inserting ‘‘Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judi-ciary of the Senate’’; and 
(2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘and 
the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives’’. 
(c) P
ENREGISTERS AND TRAP AND TRACE  
DEVICES .—Section 406(b) (50 U.S.C. 1846(b)) is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period 
and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(4) each department or agency on behalf 
of which the Attorney General or a des-ignated attorney for the Government has made an application for an order authorizing or approving the installation and use of a pen register or trap and trace device under this title; and 
‘‘(5) for each department or agency de-
scribed in paragraph (4), each number de-scribed in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3).’’. 
(d) A
CCESS TO CERTAIN BUSINESS RECORDS  
ANDOTHER TANGIBLE THINGS .—Section 502(a) 
(50 U.S.C. 1862(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate’’ and inserting ‘‘Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate’’. 
TITLE VII—ENHANCED NATIONAL 
SECURITY PROVISIONS 
SEC. 701. EMERGENCIES INVOLVING NON-UNITED 
STATES PERSONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 105 (50 U.S.C. 
1805) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (f), (g), (h), 
and (i) as subsections (g), (h), (i), and (j), re-spectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(f)(1) Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this Act, the lawfully authorized tar-geting of a non-United States person pre-viously believed to be located outside the United States for the acquisition of foreign intelligence information may continue for a period not to exceed 72 hours from the time that the non-United States person is reason-ably believed to be located inside the United States and the acquisition is subject to this title or to title III of this Act, provided that the head of an element of the intelligence community— 
‘‘(A) reasonably determines that a lapse in 
the targeting of such non-United States per-son poses a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any person; 
‘‘(B) promptly notifies the Attorney Gen-
eral of a determination under subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) requests, as soon as practicable, the 
employment of emergency electronic surveil-lance under subsection (e) or the employ-ment of an emergency physical search pursu-ant to section 304(e), as warranted. 
‘‘(2) The authority under this subsection to 
continue the acquisition of foreign intel-ligence information is limited to a period 
not to exceed 72 hours and shall cease upon the earlier of the following: 
‘‘(A) The employment of emergency elec-
tronic surveillance under subsection (e) or the employment of an emergency physical search pursuant to section 304(e). 
‘‘(B) An issuance of a court order under 
this title or title III of this Act. 
‘‘(C) The Attorney General provides direc-
tion that the acquisition be terminated. 
‘‘(D) The head of the element of the intel-
ligence community conducting the acquisi-tion determines that a request under para-graph (1)(C) is not warranted. 
‘‘(E) When the threat of death or serious 
bodily harm to any person is no longer rea-sonably believed to exist. 
‘‘(3) Nonpublicly available information 
concerning unconsenting United States per-sons acquired under this subsection shall not be disseminated during the 72 hour time pe-riod under paragraph (1) unless necessary to investigate, reduce, or eliminate the threat of death or serious bodily harm to any per-son. 
‘‘(4) If the Attorney General declines to au-
thorize the employment of emergency elec-tronic surveillance under subsection (e) or the employment of an emergency physical search pursuant to section 304(e), or a court order is not obtained under this title or title III of this Act, information obtained during the 72 hour acquisition time period under paragraph (1) shall not be retained, except with the approval of the Attorney General if the information indicates a threat of death or serious bodily harm to any person. 
‘‘(5) Paragraphs (5) and (6) of subsection (e) 
shall apply to this subsection.’’. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION OF EMERGENCY EMPLOY -
MENT OF ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE .—Section 
106(j) (50 U.S.C. 1806(j)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 105(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (e) or (f) of section 105’’. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Section 108(a)(2) 
(50 U.S.C. 1808(a)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) the total number of authorizations 
under section 105(f) and the total number of subsequent emergency employments of elec-tronic surveillance under section 105(e) or emergency physical searches pursuant to section 301(e).’’. 
SEC. 702. PRESERVATION OF TREATMENT OF 
NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS TRAVELING OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AS AGENTS OF FOREIGN POWERS. 
Section 101(b)(1) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting before 
the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, ir-respective of whether the person is inside the United States’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘of such person’s presence 
in the United States’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘such activities in the 
United States’’ and inserting ‘‘such activi-ties’’. 
SEC. 703. IMPROVEMENT TO INVESTIGATIONS OF 
INTERNATIONAL PROLIFERATION OF WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUC-TION. 
Section 101(b)(1) is further amended by 
striking subparagraph (E) and inserting the following new subparagraph (E): 
‘‘(E) engages in the international prolifera-
tion of weapons of mass destruction, or ac-tivities in preparation therefor, for or on be-half of a foreign power, or knowingly aids or abets any person in the conduct of such pro-liferation or activities in preparation there-for, or knowingly conspires with any person 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.014 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3368 May 31, 2015 
to engage in such proliferation or activities 
in preparation therefor; or’’. 
SEC. 704. INCREASE IN PENALTIES FOR MATE-
RIAL SUPPORT OF FOREIGN TER-RORIST ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 2339B(a)(1) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘15 years’’ and inserting ‘‘20 years’’. 
SEC. 705. SUNSETS. 
(a) USA PATRIOT I MPROVEMENT AND RE-
AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2005.—Section 102(b)(1) 
of the USA PATRIOT Improvement and Re-authorization Act of 2005 (50 U.S.C. 1805 note) is amended by striking ‘‘June 1, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 15, 2019’’. 
(b) I
NTELLIGENCE REFORM AND TERRORISM  
PREVENTION ACT OF 2004.—Section 6001(b)(1) 
of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 1801 note) is amended by striking ‘‘June 1, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 15, 2019’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
102(b)(1) of the USA PATRIOT Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (50 U.S.C. 1805 note), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by striking ‘‘sections 501, 502, and’’ and inserting ‘‘title V and section’’. 
TITLE VIII—SAFETY OF MARITIME NAVI-
GATION AND NUCLEAR TERRORISM CONVENTIONS IMPLEMENTATION 
Subtitle A—Safety of Maritime Navigation 
SEC. 801. AMENDMENT TO SECTION 2280 OF 
TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 2280 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘a 
ship flying the flag of the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘a vessel of the United States or a vessel subject to the jurisdiction of the United States (as defined in section 70502 of 
title 46)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)(A)(ii), by inserting ‘‘, 
including the territorial seas’’ after ‘‘in the United States’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (1)(A)(iii), by inserting ‘‘, 
by a United States corporation or legal enti-ty,’’ after ‘‘by a national of the United States’’; 
(2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 
2(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 13(c)’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (d); (4) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
after subsection (c) the following: 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section, 
section 2280a, section 2281, and section 2281a, the term— 
‘‘(1) ‘applicable treaty’ means— ‘‘(A) the Convention for the Suppression of 
Unlawful Seizure of Aircraft, done at The Hague on 16 December 1970; 
‘‘(B) the Convention for the Suppression of 
Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil Aviation, done at Montreal on 23 September 1971; 
‘‘(C) the Convention on the Prevention and 
Punishment of Crimes against Internation-ally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents, adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 14 December 1973; 
‘‘(D) International Convention against the 
Taking of Hostages, adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 17 De-cember 1979; 
‘‘(E) the Convention on the Physical Pro-
tection of Nuclear Material, done at Vienna on 26 October 1979; 
‘‘(F) the Protocol for the Suppression of 
Unlawful Acts of Violence at Airports Serv-ing International Civil Aviation, supple-mentary to the Convention for the Suppres-sion of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil Aviation, done at Montreal on 24 Feb-ruary 1988; 
‘‘(G) the Protocol for the Suppression of 
Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Fixed Platforms Located on the Continental Shelf, done at Rome on 10 March 1988; ‘‘(H) International Convention for the Sup-
pression of Terrorist Bombings, adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 15 December 1997; and 
‘‘(I) International Convention for the Sup-
pression of the Financing of Terrorism, adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 9 December 1999; 
‘‘(2) ‘armed conflict’ does not include inter-
nal disturbances and tensions, such as riots, isolated and sporadic acts of violence, and other acts of a similar nature; 
‘‘(3) ‘biological weapon’ means— ‘‘(A) microbial or other biological agents, 
or toxins whatever their origin or method of production, of types and in quantities that have no justification for prophylactic, pro-tective, or other peaceful purposes; or 
‘‘(B) weapons, equipment, or means of de-
livery designed to use such agents or toxins for hostile purposes or in armed conflict; 
‘‘(4) ‘chemical weapon’ means, together or 
separately— 
‘‘(A) toxic chemicals and their precursors, 
except where intended for— 
‘‘(i) industrial, agricultural, research, med-
ical, pharmaceutical, or other peaceful pur-poses; 
‘‘(ii) protective purposes, namely those 
purposes directly related to protection against toxic chemicals and to protection against chemical weapons; 
‘‘(iii) military purposes not connected with 
the use of chemical weapons and not depend-ent on the use of the toxic properties of chemicals as a method of warfare; or 
‘‘(iv) law enforcement including domestic 
riot control purposes, as long as the types and quantities are con-sistent with such purposes; 
‘‘(B) munitions and devices, specifically de-
signed to cause death or other harm through the toxic properties of those toxic chemicals specified in subparagraph (A), which would be released as a result of the employment of such munitions and devices; and 
‘‘(C) any equipment specifically designed 
for use directly in connection with the em-ployment of munitions and devices specified in subparagraph (B); 
‘‘(5) ‘covered ship’ means a ship that is 
navigating or is scheduled to navigate into, through or from waters beyond the outer limit of the territorial sea of a single coun-try or a lateral limit of that country’s terri-torial sea with an adjacent country; 
‘‘(6) ‘explosive material’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 841(c) and includes explosive as defined in section 844(j) of this title; 
‘‘(7) ‘infrastructure facility’ has the mean-
ing given the term in section 2332f(e)(5) of this title; 
‘‘(8) ‘international organization’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 831(f)(3) of this title; 
‘‘(9) ‘military forces of a state’ means the 
armed forces of a state which are organized, trained, and equipped under its internal law for the primary purpose of national defense or security, and persons acting in support of those armed forces who are under their for-mal command, control, and responsibility; 
‘‘(10) ‘national of the United States’ has 
the meaning stated in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)); 
‘‘(11) ‘Non-Proliferation Treaty’ means the 
Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, done at Washington, London, and Moscow on 1 July 1968; 
‘‘(12) ‘Non-Proliferation Treaty State 
Party’ means any State Party to the Non- Proliferation Treaty, to include Taiwan, which shall be considered to have the obliga-tions under the Non-Proliferation Treaty of a party to that treaty other than a Nuclear Weapon State Party to the Non-Proliferation 
Treaty; 
‘‘(13) ‘Nuclear Weapon State Party to the 
Non-Proliferation Treaty’ means a State Party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty that is a nuclear-weapon State, as that term is defined in Article IX(3) of the Non-Prolifera-tion Treaty; 
‘‘(14) ‘place of public use’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 2332f(e)(6) of this title; 
‘‘(15) ‘precursor’ has the meaning given the 
term in section 229F(6)(A) of this title; 
‘‘(16) ‘public transport system’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 2332f(e)(7) of this title; 
‘‘(17) ‘serious injury or damage’ means— ‘‘(A) serious bodily injury, ‘‘(B) extensive destruction of a place of 
public use, State or government facility, in-frastructure facility, or public transpor-tation system, resulting in major economic loss, or 
‘‘(C) substantial damage to the environ-
ment, including air, soil, water, fauna, or flora; 
‘‘(18) ‘ship’ means a vessel of any type 
whatsoever not permanently attached to the sea-bed, including dynamically supported craft, submersibles, or any other floating craft, but does not include a warship, a ship owned or operated by a government when being used as a naval auxiliary or for cus-toms or police purposes, or a ship which has been withdrawn from navigation or laid up; 
‘‘(19) ‘source material’ has the meaning 
given that term in the International Atomic Energy Agency Statute, done at New York on 26 October 1956; 
‘‘(20) ‘special fissionable material’ has the 
meaning given that term in the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency Statute, done at New York on 26 October 1956; 
‘‘(21) ‘territorial sea of the United States’ 
means all waters extending seaward to 12 nautical miles from the baselines of the United States determined in accordance with international law; 
‘‘(22) ‘toxic chemical’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 229F(8)(A) of this title; 
‘‘(23) ‘transport’ means to initiate, arrange 
or exercise effective control, including deci-sionmaking authority, over the movement of a person or item; and 
‘‘(24) ‘United States’, when used in a geo-
graphical sense, includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and all territories and possessions of the United States.’’; and 
(5) by inserting after subsection (d) (as 
added by paragraph (4) of this section) the following: 
‘‘(e) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section shall not 
apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties. 
‘‘(f) D
ELIVERY OF SUSPECTED OFFENDER .— 
The master of a covered ship flying the flag of the United States who has reasonable grounds to believe that there is on board that ship any person who has committed an offense under section 2280 or section 2280a may deliver such person to the authorities of a country that is a party to the Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Maritime Navigation. Before delivering such person to the authorities of another country, the master shall notify in an appropriate manner the Attorney General of the United States of the alleged offense and await instructions from the Attorney 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.014 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3369 May 31, 2015 
General as to what action to take. When de-
livering the person to a country which is a state party to the Convention, the master shall, whenever practicable, and if possible before entering the territorial sea of such country, notify the authorities of such coun-try of the master’s intention to deliver such person and the reasons therefor. If the mas-ter delivers such person, the master shall furnish to the authorities of such country the evidence in the master’s possession that pertains to the alleged offense. 
‘‘(g)(1) C
IVILFORFEITURE .—Any real or per-
sonal property used or intended to be used to commit or to facilitate the commission of a violation of this section, the gross proceeds of such violation, and any real or personal property traceable to such property or pro-ceeds, shall be subject to forfeiture. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE PROCEDURES .—Seizures 
and forfeitures under this section shall be governed by the provisions of chapter 46 of title 18, United States Code, relating to civil forfeitures, except that such duties as are imposed upon the Secretary of the Treasury under the customs laws described in section 981(d) shall be performed by such officers, agents, and other persons as may be des-ignated for that purpose by the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, or the Secretary of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 802. NEW SECTION 2280A OF TITLE 18, 
UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 111 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding after section 2280 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2280a. Violence against maritime naviga-
tion and maritime transport involving 
weapons of mass destruction 
‘‘(a) O
FFENSES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the excep-
tions in subsection (c), a person who unlaw-fully and intentionally— 
‘‘(A) when the purpose of the act, by its na-
ture or context, is to intimidate a popu-lation, or to compel a government or an international organization to do or to ab-stain from doing any act— 
‘‘(i) uses against or on a ship or discharges 
from a ship any explosive or radioactive ma-terial, biological, chemical, or nuclear weap-on or other nuclear explosive device in a manner that causes or is likely to cause death to any person or serious injury or damage; 
‘‘(ii) discharges from a ship oil, liquefied 
natural gas, or another hazardous or noxious substance that is not covered by clause (i), in such quantity or concentration that causes or is likely to cause death to any person or serious injury or damage; or 
‘‘(iii) uses a ship in a manner that causes 
death to any person or serious injury or damage; 
‘‘(B) transports on board a ship— ‘‘(i) any explosive or radioactive material, 
knowing that it is intended to be used to cause, or in a threat to cause, death to any person or serious injury or damage for the purpose of intimidating a population, or compelling a government or an international organization to do or to abstain from doing any act; 
‘‘(ii) any biological, chemical, or nuclear 
weapon or other nuclear explosive device, knowing it to be a biological, chemical, or nuclear weapon or other nuclear explosive device; 
‘‘(iii) any source material, special fission-
able material, or equipment or material es-pecially designed or prepared for the proc-essing, use, or production of special fission-able material, knowing that it is intended to be used in a nuclear explosive activity or in any other nuclear activity not under safe-guards pursuant to an International Atomic Energy Agency comprehensive safeguards agreement, except where— ‘‘(I) such item is transported to or from the 
territory of, or otherwise under the control of, a Non-Proliferation Treaty State Party; and 
‘‘(II) the resulting transfer or receipt (in-
cluding internal to a country) is not con-trary to the obligations under the Non-Pro-liferation Treaty of the Non-Proliferation Treaty State Party from which, to the terri-tory of which, or otherwise under the control of which such item is transferred; 
‘‘(iv) any equipment, materials, or soft-
ware or related technology that significantly contributes to the design or manufacture of a nuclear weapon or other nuclear explosive device, with the intention that it will be used for such purpose, except where— 
‘‘(I) the country to the territory of which 
or under the control of which such item is transferred is a Nuclear Weapon State Party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty; and 
‘‘(II) the resulting transfer or receipt (in-
cluding internal to a country) is not con-trary to the obligations under the Non-Pro-liferation Treaty of a Non-Proliferation Treaty State Party from which, to the terri-tory of which, or otherwise under the control of which such item is transferred; 
‘‘(v) any equipment, materials, or software 
or related technology that significantly con-tributes to the delivery of a nuclear weapon or other nuclear explosive device, with the intention that it will be used for such pur-pose, except where— 
‘‘(I) such item is transported to or from the 
territory of, or otherwise under the control of, a Non-Proliferation Treaty State Party; and 
‘‘(II) such item is intended for the delivery 
system of a nuclear weapon or other nuclear explosive device of a Nuclear Weapon State Party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty; or 
‘‘(vi) any equipment, materials, or soft-
ware or related technology that significantly contributes to the design, manufacture, or delivery of a biological or chemical weapon, with the intention that it will be used for such purpose; 
‘‘(C) transports another person on board a 
ship knowing that the person has committed an act that constitutes an offense under sec-tion 2280 or subparagraph (A), (B), (D), or (E) of this section or an offense set forth in an applicable treaty, as specified in section 2280(d)(1), and intending to assist that person to evade criminal prosecution; 
‘‘(D) injures or kills any person in connec-
tion with the commission or the attempted commission of any of the offenses set forth in subparagraphs (A) through (C), or sub-section (a)(2), to the extent that the sub-section (a)(2) offense pertains to subpara-graph (A); or 
‘‘(E) attempts to do any act prohibited 
under subparagraph (A), (B) or (D), or con-spires to do any act prohibited by subpara-graphs (A) through (E) or subsection (a)(2), shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both; and if the death of any person results from conduct prohibited by this paragraph, shall be im-prisoned for any term of years or for life. 
‘‘(2) T
HREATS .—A person who threatens, 
with apparent determination and will to carry the threat into execution, to do any act prohibited under paragraph (1)(A) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both. 
‘‘(b) J
URISDICTION .—There is jurisdiction 
over the activity prohibited in subsection (a)— 
‘‘(1) in the case of a covered ship, if— ‘‘(A) such activity is committed— ‘‘(i) against or on board a vessel of the 
United States or a vessel subject to the juris-diction of the United States (as defined in section 70502 of title 46) at the time the pro-hibited activity is committed; ‘‘(ii) in the United States, including the 
territorial seas; or 
‘‘(iii) by a national of the United States, by 
a United States corporation or legal entity, or by a stateless person whose habitual resi-dence is in the United States; 
‘‘(B) during the commission of such activ-
ity, a national of the United States is seized, threatened, injured, or killed; or 
‘‘(C) the offender is later found in the 
United States after such activity is com-mitted; 
‘‘(2) in the case of a ship navigating or 
scheduled to navigate solely within the terri-torial sea or internal waters of a country other than the United States, if the offender is later found in the United States after such activity is committed; or 
‘‘(3) in the case of any vessel, if such activ-
ity is committed in an attempt to compel the United States to do or abstain from doing any act. 
‘‘(c) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section shall not 
apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties. 
‘‘(d)(1) C
IVILFORFEITURE .—Any real or per-
sonal property used or intended to be used to commit or to facilitate the commission of a violation of this section, the gross proceeds of such violation, and any real or personal property traceable to such property or pro-ceeds, shall be subject to forfeiture. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE PROCEDURES .—Seizures 
and forfeitures under this section shall be governed by the provisions of chapter 46 of title 18, United States Code, relating to civil forfeitures, except that such duties as are imposed upon the Secretary of the Treasury under the customs laws described in section 981(d) shall be performed by such officers, agents, and other persons as may be des-ignated for that purpose by the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, or the Secretary of Defense.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 111 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 2280 the following new item: 
‘‘2280a. Violence against maritime naviga-
tion and maritime transport in-volving weapons of mass de-struction.’’. 
SEC. 803. AMENDMENTS TO SECTION 2281 OF 
TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 2281 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 
2(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 13(c)’’; 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking the defini-
tions of ‘‘national of the United States,’’ ‘‘territorial sea of the United States,’’ and ‘‘United States’’; and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(e) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section does not 
apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties.’’. 
SEC. 804. NEW SECTION 2281A OF TITLE 18, 
UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 111 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding after section 2281 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2281a. Additional offenses against maritime 
fixed platforms 
‘‘(a) O
FFENSES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.014 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3370 May 31, 2015 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A person who unlawfully 
and intentionally— 
‘‘(A) when the purpose of the act, by its na-
ture or context, is to intimidate a popu-lation, or to compel a government or an international organization to do or to ab-stain from doing any act— 
‘‘(i) uses against or on a fixed platform or 
discharges from a fixed platform any explo-sive or radioactive material, biological, chemical, or nuclear weapon in a manner that causes or is likely to cause death or se-rious injury or damage; or 
‘‘(ii) discharges from a fixed platform oil, 
liquefied natural gas, or another hazardous or noxious substance that is not covered by clause (i), in such quantity or concentration that causes or is likely to cause death or se-rious injury or damage; 
‘‘(B) injures or kills any person in connec-
tion with the commission or the attempted commission of any of the offenses set forth in subparagraph (A); or 
‘‘(C) attempts or conspires to do anything 
prohibited under subparagraph (A) or (B), shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both; and if death results to any person from conduct prohib-ited by this paragraph, shall be imprisoned for any term of years or for life. 
‘‘(2) T
HREAT TO SAFETY .—A person who 
threatens, with apparent determination and will to carry the threat into execution, to do any act prohibited under paragraph (1)(A), shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both. 
‘‘(b) J
URISDICTION .—There is jurisdiction 
over the activity prohibited in subsection (a) if— 
‘‘(1) such activity is committed against or 
on board a fixed platform— 
‘‘(A) that is located on the continental 
shelf of the United States; 
‘‘(B) that is located on the continental 
shelf of another country, by a national of the United States or by a stateless person whose habitual residence is in the United States; or 
‘‘(C) in an attempt to compel the United 
States to do or abstain from doing any act; 
‘‘(2) during the commission of such activ-
ity against or on board a fixed platform lo-cated on a continental shelf, a national of the United States is seized, threatened, in-jured, or killed; or 
‘‘(3) such activity is committed against or 
on board a fixed platform located outside the United States and beyond the continental shelf of the United States and the offender is later found in the United States. 
‘‘(c) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section does not 
apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) ‘continental shelf’ means the sea-bed 
and subsoil of the submarine areas that ex-tend beyond a country’s territorial sea to the limits provided by customary inter-national law as reflected in Article 76 of the 1982 Convention on the Law of the Sea; and 
‘‘(2) ‘fixed platform’ means an artificial is-
land, installation, or structure permanently attached to the sea-bed for the purpose of ex-ploration or exploitation of resources or for other economic purposes.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 111 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 2281 the following new item: 
‘‘2281a. Additional offenses against maritime 
fixed platforms.’’. SEC. 805. ANCILLARY MEASURE. 
Section 2332b(g)(5)(B) of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘2280a (relating to maritime safety),’’ before ‘‘2281’’, and by striking ‘‘2281’’ and inserting ‘‘2281 through 2281a’’. 
Subtitle B—Prevention of Nuclear Terrorism 
SEC. 811. NEW SECTION 2332I OF TITLE 18, 
UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 113B of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding after section 2332h the following: 
‘‘§ 2332i. Acts of nuclear terrorism 
‘‘(a) O
FFENSES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Whoever knowingly and 
unlawfully— 
‘‘(A) possesses radioactive material or 
makes or possesses a device— 
‘‘(i) with the intent to cause death or seri-
ous bodily injury; or 
‘‘(ii) with the intent to cause substantial 
damage to property or the environment; or 
‘‘(B) uses in any way radioactive material 
or a device, or uses or damages or interferes with the operation of a nuclear facility in a manner that causes the release of or in-creases the risk of the release of radioactive material, or causes radioactive contamina-tion or exposure to radiation— 
‘‘(i) with the intent to cause death or seri-
ous bodily injury or with the knowledge that such act is likely to cause death or serious bodily injury; 
‘‘(ii) with the intent to cause substantial 
damage to property or the environment or with the knowledge that such act is likely to cause substantial damage to property or the environment; or 
‘‘(iii) with the intent to compel a person, 
an international organization or a country to do or refrain from doing an act, shall be punished as prescribed in subsection (c). 
‘‘(2) T
HREATS .—Whoever, under cir-
cumstances in which the threat may reason-ably be believed, threatens to commit an of-fense under paragraph (1) shall be punished as prescribed in subsection (c). Whoever de-mands possession of or access to radioactive material, a device or a nuclear facility by threat or by use of force shall be punished as prescribed in subsection (c). 
‘‘(3) A
TTEMPTS AND CONSPIRACIES .—Who-
ever attempts to commit an offense under paragraph (1) or conspires to commit an of-fense under paragraph (1) or (2) shall be pun-ished as prescribed in subsection (c). 
‘‘(b) J
URISDICTION .—Conduct prohibited by 
subsection (a) is within the jurisdiction of the United States if— 
‘‘(1) the prohibited conduct takes place in 
the United States or the special aircraft ju-risdiction of the United States; 
‘‘(2) the prohibited conduct takes place 
outside of the United States and— 
‘‘(A) is committed by a national of the 
United States, a United States corporation or legal entity or a stateless person whose habitual residence is in the United States; 
‘‘(B) is committed on board a vessel of the 
United States or a vessel subject to the juris-diction of the United States (as defined in section 70502 of title 46) or on board an air-craft that is registered under United States law, at the time the offense is committed; or 
‘‘(C) is committed in an attempt to compel 
the United States to do or abstain from doing any act, or constitutes a threat di-rected at the United States; 
‘‘(3) the prohibited conduct takes place 
outside of the United States and a victim or an intended victim is a national of the United States or a United States corporation or legal entity, or the offense is committed 
against any state or government facility of the United States; or 
‘‘(4) a perpetrator of the prohibited con-
duct is found in the United States. ‘‘(c) P
ENALTIES .—Whoever violates this 
section shall be fined not more than $2,000,000 and shall be imprisoned for any term of years or for life. 
‘‘(d) N
ONAPPLICABILITY .—This section does 
not apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section, 
the term— 
‘‘(1) ‘armed conflict’ has the meaning given 
that term in section 2332f(e)(11) of this title; 
‘‘(2) ‘device’ means: ‘‘(A) any nuclear explosive device; or ‘‘(B) any radioactive material dispersal or 
radiation-emitting device that may, owing to its radiological properties, cause death, serious bodily injury or substantial damage to property or the environment; 
‘‘(3) ‘international organization’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 831(f)(3) of this title; 
‘‘(4) ‘military forces of a state’ means the 
armed forces of a country that are organized, trained and equipped under its internal law for the primary purpose of national defense or security and persons acting in support of those armed forces who are under their for-mal command, control and responsibility; 
‘‘(5) ‘national of the United States’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)); 
‘‘(6) ‘nuclear facility’ means: ‘‘(A) any nuclear reactor, including reac-
tors on vessels, vehicles, aircraft or space ob-jects for use as an energy source in order to 
propel such vessels, vehicles, aircraft or space objects or for any other purpose; 
‘‘(B) any plant or conveyance being used 
for the production, storage, processing or transport of radioactive material; or 
‘‘(C) a facility (including associated build-
ings and equipment) in which nuclear mate-rial is produced, processed, used, handled, stored or disposed of, if damage to or inter-ference with such facility could lead to the release of significant amounts of radiation or radioactive material; 
‘‘(7) ‘nuclear material’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 831(f)(1) of this title; 
‘‘(8) ‘radioactive material’ means nuclear 
material and other radioactive substances that contain nuclides that undergo sponta-neous disintegration (a process accompanied by emission of one or more types of ionizing radiation, such as alpha-, beta-, neutron par-ticles and gamma rays) and that may, owing to their radiological or fissile properties, cause death, serious bodily injury or sub-stantial damage to property or to the envi-ronment; 
‘‘(9) ‘serious bodily injury’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 831(f)(4) of this title; 
‘‘(10) ‘state’ has the same meaning as that 
term has under international law, and in-cludes all political subdivisions thereof; 
‘‘(11) ‘state or government facility’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 2332f(e)(3) of this title; 
‘‘(12) ‘United States corporation or legal 
entity’ means any corporation or other enti-ty organized under the laws of the United States or any State, Commonwealth, terri-tory, possession or district of the United States; 
‘‘(13) ‘vessel’ has the meaning given that 
term in section 1502(19) of title 33; and 
‘‘(14) ‘vessel of the United States’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 70502 of title 46.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.014 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3371 May 31, 2015 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 113B of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2332h the following: 
‘‘2332i. Acts of nuclear terrorism.’’. 
(c) D
ISCLAIMER .—Nothing contained in this 
section is intended to affect the applicability of any other Federal or State law that might pertain to the underlying conduct. 
(d) I
NCLUSION IN DEFINITION OF FEDERAL  
CRIMES OF TERRORISM .—Section 
2332b(g)(5)(B) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘2332i (relating to acts of nuclear terrorism),’’ before ‘‘2339 (re-lating to harboring terrorists)’’. 
SEC. 812. AMENDMENT TO SECTION 831 OF TITLE 
18, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 831 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(a) in subsection (a)— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(8) as paragraphs (4) through (9); 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) without lawful authority, inten-
tionally carries, sends or moves nuclear ma-terial into or out of a country;’’; 
(3) in paragraph (8), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘an offense under paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘any act prohibited under paragraphs (1) through (5)’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (9), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘an offense under paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘any act prohibited under paragraphs (1) through (7)’’; 
(b) in subsection (b)— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(7)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(8)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(8)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(9)’’; 
(c) in subsection (c)— 
(1) in subparagraph (2)(A), by adding after 
‘‘United States’’ the following: ‘‘or a state-less person whose habitual residence is in the United States’’; 
(2) by striking paragraph (5); (3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; and 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (4), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) the offense is committed on board a 
vessel of the United States or a vessel sub-ject to the jurisdiction of the United States (as defined in section 70502 of title 46) or on board an aircraft that is registered under United States law, at the time the offense is committed; 
‘‘(6) the offense is committed outside the 
United States and against any state or gov-ernment facility of the United States; or 
‘‘(7) the offense is committed in an attempt 
to compel the United States to do or abstain from doing any act, or constitutes a threat directed at the United States.’’; 
(d) by redesignating subsections (d) 
through (f) as (e) through (g), respectively; 
(e) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(d) N
ONAPPLICABILITY .—This section does 
not apply to— 
‘‘(1) the activities of armed forces during 
an armed conflict, as those terms are under-stood under the law of war, which are gov-erned by that law; or 
‘‘(2) activities undertaken by military 
forces of a state in the exercise of their offi-cial duties.’’; and 
(f) in subsection (g), as redesignated— 
(1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (7), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (7), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) the term ‘armed conflict’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 2332f(e)(11) of this title; ‘‘(9) the term ‘military forces of a state’ 
means the armed forces of a country that are organized, trained and equipped under its in-ternal law for the primary purpose of na-tional defense or security and persons acting in support of those armed forces who are under their formal command, control and re-sponsibility; 
‘‘(10) the term ‘state’ has the same mean-
ing as that term has under international law, and includes all political subdivisions thereof; 
‘‘(11) the term ‘state or government facil-
ity’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 2332f(e)(3) of this title; and 
‘‘(12) the term ‘vessel of the United States’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 70502 of title 46.’’. 
SA 1453. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 1452 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself 
and Mr. B URR) to the bill H.R. 2048, to 
reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen reg-isters and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gath-ering for foreign intelligence, counter-terrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of the amendment, add the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
f 
EXPRESSING APPRECIATION OF 
THE GOALS OF AMERICAN CRAFT BEER WEEK 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 188, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 188) expressing appre-
ciation of the goals of American Craft Beer Week and commending the small and inde-pendent craft brewers of the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 188) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations en bloc: Calendar Nos. 95 and 125; that the 
nominations be confirmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further mo-tions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be 
immediately notified of the Senate’s actions, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nominations considered and con-
firmed en bloc are as follows: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment as Vice Chief of Staff, United States Air Force, and appointment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and re-sponsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 8034 and 601: 
To be general 
Lt. Gen. David L. Goldfein 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
The following officer for appointment in 
the United States Coast Guard to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility as Deputy Com-mandant for Mission Support under title 14, U.S.C., section 50: 
To be vice admiral 
Rear Adm. Sandra L. Stosz 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, JUNE 1, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 12 noon on Monday, June 1; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; finally, that following morning business, the Senate then re-sume consideration of H.R. 2048. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 9:44 p.m., adjourned until Monday, June 1, 2015, at 12 noon. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate May 31, 2015: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.014 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3372 May 31, 2015 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS VICE CHIEF OF STAFF, UNITED STATES AIR FORCE, AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSI-
TION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 8034 AND 601: To be general 
LT. GEN. DAVID L. GOLDFEIN 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE 
UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE 
AND RESPONSIBILITY AS DEPUTY COMMANDANT FOR MISSION SUPPORT UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 50: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. SANDRA L. STOSZ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A31MY6.002 S31MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
D612 May 31, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3323–3372. 
Measures Introduced: One bill and one resolution 
were introduced, as follows: S. 1470, and S. Res. 188.
                                                                          Pages S3341–42 
Measures Passed: 
American Craft Beer Week: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 188, expressing appreciation of the goals of American Craft Beer Week and commending the small and independent craft brewers of the United States.
                                                                              Page S3371 
Measures Considered: 
USA FREEDOM Act—Agreement : Senate began 
consideration of H.R. 2048, to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic sur-veillance, use pen registers and trap and trace de-vices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and crimi-nal purposes, after agreeing to the motion to pro-ceed, and taking action on the following amend-ments and motions proposed thereto: 
                                                                      Pages S3324–41, S3371 
Pending: 
McConnell/Burr Amendment No. 1449, in the 
nature of a substitute.                                              Page S3340 
McConnell Amendment No. 1450 (to Amend-
ment No. 1449), of a perfecting nature.        Page S3340 
McConnell Amendment No. 1451 (to Amend-
ment No. 1450), relating to appointment of amicus curiae.
                                                                              Page S3340 
McConnell/Burr Amendment No. 1452 (to the 
language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 1449), of a perfecting nature.
                    Page S3340 
McConnell Amendment No. 1453 (to Amend-
ment No. 1452), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                                    Pages S3340–41 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Tuesday, June 2, 2015. 
                                                                                    Pages S3340–41 During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
The motion to proceed to the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on Saturday, May 23, 2015, was agreed to.
       Page S3332 
The motion to reconsider the vote by which clo-
ture was not invoked on Saturday, May 23, 2015, was agreed to.
                                                              Page S3341 
By 77 yeas to 17 nays (Vote No. 196), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate upon reconsideration agreed to the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S3332 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 1 p.m., on Monday, June 1, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S3371 
National Defense Authorization Act—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1735, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year.
                                                   Page S3341 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur upon disposition of H.R. 2048, to re-form the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of infor-mation gathering for foreign intelligence, counterter-rorism, and criminal purposes.
                           Page S3341 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 1 Coast Guard nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                    Pages S3371–72 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3341 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3341–42 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D31MY5.REC D31MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D613 Sunday, May 31, 2015 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S3341 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S3342–71 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—196)                                                                 Page S3332 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 4 p.m. and ad-
journed at 9:44 p.m., until 12 p.m. on Monday, June 1, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page 
S3371.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet at 12 p.m. on Monday, June 1, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D586) 
H.R. 606, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to exclude certain compensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income. Signed on May 22, 2015. (Public Law 114–14) 
H.R. 651, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Ave-nue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Office’’. Signed on May 22, 2015. (Public Law 114–15) 
H.R. 1075, to designate the United States Cus-
toms and Border Protection Port of Entry located at First Street and Pan American Avenue in Douglas, Arizona, as the ‘‘Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry’’. Signed on May 22, 2015. (Public Law 114–16) H.R. 1191, to provide for congressional review 
and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program. Signed on May 22, 2015. (Public Law 114–17) 
S. 1124, to amend the Workforce Innovation and 
Opportunity Act to improve the Act. Signed on May 22, 2015. (Public Law 114–18) 
H.R. 2496, to extend the authorization for the re-
placement of the existing Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Denver, Colorado, to make certain improvements in the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014. Signed on May 22, 2015. (Public Law 114–19) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
JUNE 1, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
2577, the ‘‘Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’; and H.R. 2578, the ‘‘Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Circumvention of Contracts in the Provision of Non-VA Healthcare’’, 4 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D31MY5.REC D31MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD614 May 31, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
12 noon, Monday, June 1 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of H.R. 2048, USA FREE-DOM Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Monday, June 1 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 Jun 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D31MY5.REC D31MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST