Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6213 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, AUGUST 3, 2015 No. 124 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, August 4, 2015, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , AUGUST 3, 2015 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Lord God omnipotent, Your power 
and love sustain us. Rule the wills of our lawmakers by Your might as You use them to do Your work on Earth. Lord, give our Senators faith to look beyond today’s challenges and trials, finding in You the source of their opti-mism and confidence. May their con-fidence in the unfolding of Your loving providence lighten every task, pro-viding them with reasons to rejoice. Give them the gift of perseverance, en-abling them to refuse to become weary in doing Your will. When they fall, help them always to rise again. 
Lord, thank You for providing us 
with faith to look beyond today’s vicis-situdes, always knowing that nothing can separate us from Your love. 
We pray in Your sovereign Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in 
just a few minutes, President Obama will deliver another blow to the econ-omy and to the middle class. He will unveil regressive regulations that are set to harm struggling workers and families. They are projected to cost lit-erally billions. They threaten to ship good middle-class jobs overseas and will likely make it harder to maintain reliable sources of energy to meet de-mand. They will also likely result in higher energy bills for those who can least afford them, potentially raising electricity rates by double digits for people I represent. 
All of this, and for what? Not only 
will these massive regulations fail to meaningfully affect the global climate, but they could actually end up harm-ing the environment by outsourcing 
the energy production to countries with poorer environmental records like India and China. 
They may also be illegal. That is why 
I wrote the Governors earlier this year, suggesting they take a responsible wait-and-see approach and allow the courts to weigh in before subjecting their citizens to such unnecessary pain. The Supreme Court’s rebuke to the 
White House in June on another envi-ronmental regulation underlines the wisdom of this approach. Even though that mercury regulation was ulti-mately tossed out, most of its damage had already been done. It reminded Governors that it would be reckless not to take a wait-and-see approach this time. 
Now, several Governors have already 
decided they will not allow the admin-istration to rush them into adopting these regulations, and I expect more to follow. I was recently able to place lan-guage in the Senate Interior appropria-tions bill that would prohibit the ad-ministration from arbitrarily imposing its will on States that take this re-sponsible approach. 
Senator C
APITO also has a bill that 
would prohibit the regulations from moving forward until the courts have ruled on their legality. These aren’t the only legislative options Congress can consider. We can pursue other ave-nues like CRA resolutions and further appropriations riders as these regula-tions are published and as they wind their way through the courts. 
Here is the bottom line about today’s 
announcement. If the Obama adminis-tration were actually serious about ad-vancing renewable energy, then it would follow the example of what lead-ers like Senator M
URKOWSKI have been 
achieving in the Energy Committee. She is showing how we can make big strides on energy diversification and that we can do it in a bipartisan way and that we don’t have to punish the middle class to do it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Aug 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AU6.000 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6214 August 3, 2015 
This White House seems to want good 
politics, not good policy. Officials in this administration have said they want to make electricity rates sky-rocket, and they want to make exam-ples out of people who get in the way. They are tired of having to work with the Congress the people elected. That is why the administration is now try-ing to impose these deeply regressive regulations—regulations that may be illegal, won’t meaningfully impact the global environment, and will likely harm middle and lower class Ameri-cans the most—by executive fiat. It represents a triumph of blind ideology over sound policy and honest compas-sion. 
In Kentucky, these regulations would 
likely mean fewer jobs, shuttered pow-erplants, and higher electricity costs for families and businesses. I am not going to sit by while the White House takes aim at the lifeblood of our State’s economy. I am going to keep doing everything I can to fight them. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
revelations we have seen from Planned Parenthood are deeply disturbing. They raise fundamental questions about what kind of society we want to be, so I want to thank Senators E
RNST , 
PAUL, LANKFORD , and a number of oth-
ers, for accepting my invitation to lead the effort on the Senate’s response. 
The legislation they worked to de-
velop is all about restoring America’s commitment to care and to compas-sion. It would fund women’s health, not Planned Parenthood, and we will take a vote to advance it tonight. Instead of subsidizing a political group, this bill would protect Federal funding for health services for women. Instead of subsidizing a political group, this bill would ensure funds continue to flow to community health centers and hos-pitals that provide more comprehen-sive health services and may have many more facilities nationwide. In-stead of subsidizing a political group, this bill would help women receive health services, such as screenings, prenatal and post-natal care, well-child care, diagnostic laboratory and radi-ology services, immunizations, and other care they need. That is a true commitment to women’s health. That is real compassion. 
I know Democrats have relied on 
Planned Parenthood as an ally re-cently, but they must be moved by the horrifying images we have all seen. They must be shocked by the utter lack of compassion that has been on display. They must care about women’s health as much as they care about some scandal-plagued political organi-zation. That is why tonight I am ask-ing them to truly reflect on what is im-portant. I am asking them not to block this funding for women’s health just to protect some political group mired in scandal. Women deserve better, and our country deserves better. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, here is an 
excerpt from an article in the Repub-lican leader’s hometown newspaper, the Louisville Courier-Journal: 
Sara Hall started going to Planned Parent-
hood when she was in her late teens and needed birth control, and she’s gotten care there ever since. 
Without them, ‘‘I wouldn’t have a doctor 
to see. I don’t know where I would have gone. It would have meant I wouldn’t get the care I needed.’’ 
Like Sara, millions of American 
women depend on Planned Parenthood for much needed health services. Every year, Planned Parenthood helps women, just like Sara, get the impor-tant services they need, such as birth control measures, but it is more than just birth control. 
Here are a few of the health services 
Planned Parenthood provides to Amer-ican women, and they did it, for exam-ple, in 2013. Half a million women went to Planned Parenthood for breast can-cer screening, 400,000 women received a cervical exam from Planned Parent-hood’s medical staff, and 4.5 million treatments and tests for sexually transmitted diseases and infections were performed. Yet, here we are once again, faced with another Republican attempt to limit women’s access to health care. 
A few hours from now, the Senate 
will vote on a Republican bill to defund Planned Parenthood. Let’s understand what that vote means. Defunding Planned Parenthood would limit Amer-ican women’s access to critical health services, such as contraception, breast and cancer screenings, and well-women visits. This legislation is just another Republican attack on the health care of millions of women, like Sara from Kentucky. 
Over the past few months, Repub-
licans have worked to trick American women into believing Republicans don’t want to limit women’s access to contraceptives or other critical health services provided by Planned Parent-hood, but votes like the one we are going to take in a couple of hours lay bare the truth. The cold, hard fact is that a vote to defund Planned Parent-hood is a vote to limit women’s access to cancer screenings, contraceptives, and other important services that Planned Parenthood provides. 
Our Nation is already facing a short-
age of primary care providers. For many women, Planned Parenthood is their preferred medical provider. One in five American women will go to Planned Parenthood for services at some time during their lives. Defunding Planned Parenthood and re-ducing the number of providers avail-able for women to receive contracep-tives and other critical health services would reduce women’s access to good 
health, and more importantly, their ac-cess to care, which is very direct and to the point. 
To put it another way, the demand 
for care would still exist, but there would be fewer providers to render this care. And for many women, Planned Parenthood may be the only provider where they can seek medical help. Re-publicans are trying to eliminate their access to health centers. 
Last Thursday, I listened to the sen-
ior Senator from Texas, where he claimed this bill we are going to vote on soon would actually increase access to care for women. I am surprised this distinguished Member of the Senate, a longtime member of the Texas Su-preme Court, would say something like that. 
He and other Republicans believe, I 
guess, that clinics like community health centers will pick up the slack should Planned Parenthood be defunded. That is simply not true. I am a strong supporter of community health centers. It is part of ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act, because I believe in community health centers. We put billions of dollars in that bill, and during the years it has been in existence, it has done so much to provide help for community health centers, but we still have far, far much to do. There are not enough commu-nity health centers, even with what we have done, to increase their ability to meet the current demand. To throw in a few more women who have been knocked out of Planned Parenthood— and ‘‘a few’’ is a pejorative term; it would be millions of women—is wrong. 
The director of women’s health pol-
icy at the Kaiser Family Foundation says: ‘‘Across the nation, Community health centers are already at capac-ity.’’ 
Take a look, for example, at the as-
sistant Republican leader’s home State of Texas. A recent report from George Washington University detailed what it would take for other providers to re-place Planned Parenthood—exactly what the senior Senator from Texas has suggested. 
For example, in Midland County, TX, 
there would have to be an increase of 537 percent by non-Planned Parenthood clinics, if Planned Parenthood is defunded. Lubbock County would see an increase of 250 percent. Community health centers cannot handle that, nor can they handle that increase in heav-ily populated Dallas County, where it would be an almost 200-percent in-crease. 
What the Republican legislation does 
is makes it nearly impossible for women who need medical attention to get the care they need. If women can-not go get health care from Planned Parenthood, where do they go? 
Take a look at what happened in the 
State of Indiana in 2011, when that State’s legislature voted to deny State funding for Planned Parenthood health centers. Republicans then argued that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Aug 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.006 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6215 August 3, 2015 
other health care providers would 
bridge the gap and absorb Planned Par-enthood patients. They asserted that other providers would take care of those women just fine. 
So what are those other health care 
providers for women that the Indiana Republicans said could take the place of the State’s Planned Parenthood health centers? Prisons—listen to this—prisons, they suggested, juvenile detention centers, and homeless shel-ters. These are certainly not the kinds of places my Republican colleagues would want to send their daughters, sisters or wives for care. 
It is common sense—if you take away 
Planned Parenthood health centers, women will have no ability to access care, and most will go without the care they need. 
The Republican senior Senator from 
Maine agrees. Here is what she said: 
The problem is, in my state and many oth-
ers, Planned Parenthood is the primary pro-vider of women’s health services in certain parts of my state. So I don’t know how you would ensure that all of the patients of Planned Parenthood could be absorbed by al-ternative care providers. 
In Nevada, Planned Parenthood cen-
ters there serve about 22,000 patients a year. Where will these patients go if the Republicans’ legislation passes? I do not know. They will not get the care they need, that is for sure. 
Senate Republicans are not being fair 
to American women. They are trying to shift the responsibility to someone who does not exist. 
It is our responsibility in the Senate 
to ensure that American women have access to care. It is our obligation to protect our wives, our sisters, our daughters, and our granddaughters from the absurd policies of a Repub-lican Party that has lost its moral compass. Today, Senate Democrats will do just that. This Planned Parent-hood bill is not going anywhere in the Senate. Senate Democrats will fight this vigorously and any other attempt from Republicans to deprive American women health care. 
Mr. President, I do not see anyone 
here to speak. I would ask the Chair to announce the business of the day. 
f 
PROHIBITING FEDERAL FUNDING 
OF PLANNED PARENTHOOD FED-ERATION OF AMERICA—MOTION TO PROCEED 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 1881, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 169, S. 
1881, a bill to prohibit Federal funding of Planned Parenthood Federation of America. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise 
to discuss Federal funding for Planned Parenthood. 
Every now and then we see some-
thing that is so horrific that we must answer it. And by now, we are all fa-miliar with the deeply disturbing vid-eos of Planned Parenthood doctors cavalierly discussing their practice and methods of harvesting baby body parts. 
Like so many Nebraskans, I am 
shocked by the lack of compassion for these women and their unborn babies. 
My colleague and friend from Iowa, 
Senator J
ONIERNST , has introduced 
legislation that takes immediate ac-tion and cuts off funding for this scan-dal-plagued organization. I am proud to join her in sponsoring this very impor-tant legislation. 
This bill has nothing to do with 
whether one is pro-life or pro-choice. It is not going to settle the issue of abor-tion, which has divided our country for over 40 years. This bill simply says that taxpayer dollars should not go to organizations mired in scandal and likely illegal activity. This has noth-ing to do with ideology. It has nothing to do with religious conviction. This is about the responsible and conscien-tious use of Federal tax dollars. 
Elected officials have a responsibility 
to be wise stewards of public funding. I believe it is irresponsible to continue to support funding for a group that has lost the public’s trust and engages in violations of Federal law. 
I believe it is important to note that 
Federal law clearly prohibits abortion providers from the intentional manipu-lation of the bodies of unborn children for the purposes of obtaining body parts. Section 498A of title 42 of the U.S. Code clearly states: 
In research carried out under subsection 
(a) of this section, human fetal tissue may be used only if the attending physician with re-spect to obtaining the tissue from the woman involved makes a statement, made in writing and signed by the physician, declar-ing that—No alteration of the timing, meth-od, or procedures used to terminate the preg-nancy was made solely for the purposes of obtaining the tissue. 
A video released on July 21, 2015, de-
tails a Planned Parenthood doctor dis-cussing using a ‘‘less crunchy’’ abor-tion technique to get more whole speci-mens. Let me repeat the law: A doctor must certify that ‘‘no alteration of the timing, method, or procedures used to terminate the pregnancy was made solely for the purposes of obtaining the tissue.’’ 
Senators can reach their own conclu-
sions. 
I think the truth is pretty self-evi-
dent, and I believe the law and these videos speak for themselves. 
I wish to address another important 
point. This legislation is not an attack on women’s health. To the contrary, as a mother and a grandmother, I am steadfastly committed to ensuring that 
all women have access to high-quality medical care. The legislation I intend to support today redirects funds to local health departments, hospitals, and community health centers. 
Our focus should be on supporting or-
ganizations that prioritize women’s health, not organizations hiring pricey PR firms for damage control. 
Across the country there are 1,200 
Federally qualified health centers and 9,000 clinic sites. These community health centers vastly outnumber the roughly 700 Planned Parenthood facili-ties nationwide. In Nebraska, we have 6 health centers and 36 clinic sites that have served over 64,000 people. These centers serve all of Nebraska—from the panhandle to our metropolitan areas in Omaha and Lincoln. Fifty-two percent of those patients are uninsured and 30 percent are on Medicaid. Meanwhile, there are only two Planned Parenthood centers in Nebraska. 
So it begs the question: Wouldn’t pa-
tients be better served if that money was redirected to community health centers? I believe the answer is yes. These health centers deliver many— and sometimes more—of the health services provided by Planned Parent-hood. In 2012 alone, federally qualified health centers performed 400,000 mam-mograms and over 2 million cervical cancer screenings. 
These health centers are better able 
to respond to the needs of these women because they are closer to the commu-nities they serve. They are indispen-sable in providing preventive health services and preventive screenings to the uninsured and our medically under-served populations. 
In conclusion, I believe elected offi-
cials have a basic duty to stop sending tax dollars to an organization mired in scandal and likely illicit activity. 
It is time for us to come together and 
support truly compassionate care for women and their unborn children. It is time to cut funding for Planned Par-enthood and to use that money for its original intent, which is providing re-sources and care for women’s health. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak on an issue that has shaken the moral compass of our soci-ety. The phrase ‘‘it’s a boy’’ is one we often use when celebrating new life. In-stead, this was spoken by a Planned Parenthood employee as the body of an unborn baby boy was picked apart and harvested for organs, such as a liver, kidneys, and heart. We have watched 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Aug 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.008 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6216 August 3, 2015 
as other Planned Parenthood employ-
ees talked about ‘‘less crunchy’’ tech-niques to preserve baby organs for buy-ers and grumbled about a ‘‘war torn’’ unborn baby before being sold for parts. 
While it would be easier to ignore 
these videos, today we are standing up and shining a light on what is really happening. This is human life, and Planned Parenthood—the Nation’s sin-gle largest provider of abortion serv-ices—is harvesting baby body parts. The American people are shocked and horrified by the utter lack of compas-sion and disregard shown by Planned Parenthood for these women and their babies. This gruesome footage reso-nates with our collective conscience and goes against the very principles we stand for. 
As a mother and grandmother, I be-
lieve the gravity of Planned Parent-hood’s callus and morally reprehensible behavior cannot be ignored. I am com-mitted to defending life because pro-tecting the most vulnerable is an im-portant measure of any society. 
I am proud to stand before you today 
with 45 cosponsors and offer legislation that will defund Planned Parenthood while safeguarding funding for women’s health services. This legislation pro-hibits Federal funding for Planned Par-enthood, protects Federal funding for women’s health services, such as pre-natal and post-partum care, cervical and breast cancer screenings, diag-nostic laboratory and radiology serv-ices, and guarantees there will be no reduction in overall Federal funding available to support women’s health. 
This legislation redirects Federal 
funding taken from Planned Parent-hood to other eligible entities that pro-vide health services for women, such as community health centers and hos-pitals. There would be absolutely no re-duction in overall Federal funding available to support women’s health. Community health centers provide more comprehensive primary and pre-ventive health care services—except abortion—regardless of a person’s abil-ity to pay. Meanwhile, Planned Parent-hood facilities do not perform in-house mammograms. 
The American taxpayers should not 
be asked to fund an organization such as Planned Parenthood that has shown a sheer disdain for human dignity and complete disregard for women and their babies. These videos are hard for anyone to defend and pull back the cur-tain on Planned Parenthood’s careless practice of rummaging for unborn baby organs to be harvested and sold at a price. 
I leave you with this one question: 
Who do we want to be as a nation? Be-fore us today is an opportunity to vote for legislation that will protect the most vulnerable and women’s health. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, even in the greatest deliberative body in this Nation and likely the world, there are moments of profound sadness and regret, and this moment is one for me. I am deeply dismayed that the Republican leadership is engaging in an effort—an effort doomed to fail in just a couple of hours—to defund prob-ably the most trusted provider of health care for women in the United States of America. 
It is misguided because there are so 
many significant issues that should be front and center for this body: making sure that we invest in our roads and bridges, making sure that we improve our education system, making sure that we keep faith with our veterans. So many of them are going nowhere be-cause of this partisan paralysis and gridlock. Dismayingly to the American people, that has prevented real action. I regret that we are, in effect, dis-tracted from those goals and those mis-sions that the American people expect us to fulfill. 
Once again, many of my colleagues 
across the aisle have aligned them-selves with the most extreme of the anti-choice movement to undermine access to critical health care services for women—for millions of women in this country and thousands in Con-necticut who depend on Planned Par-enthood for basic health care screenings, cancer diagnosis, family planning, and contraception services, which distinguish it as one of the most trusted health care providers in the United States. 
It is the Republican leadership—not 
just a few Senators but the Republican leadership—that has set up this vote to defund Planned Parenthood. So instead of the Senate moving forward to pro-vide additional health care services to women, it has engaged in this on-slaught and assault on women’s health care, taking a step back with legisla-tion that is really—let me say blunt-ly—a political charade, a stunt, a bill or legislative measure that will go no-where and is as much a sham for the supporters as it is for opponents. The fact is Planned Parenthood provides health care services to women across this country. Only 3 percent of its ac-tivity relates to abortion. So 97 percent of what it does is to provide screenings, diagnosis, and family planning. If this measure goes through, millions of women will be undiagnosed with cer-vical and breast cancer, millions of women will be denied access to contra-ception and family planning, and mil-lions of young women will be denied the kind of education they need to pre-vent pregnancy. 
It is in preventing pregnancy that so 
often Planned Parenthood is engaged, and to make it safe, legal, and rare. 
Eliminating $528 million from the larg-est women’s health care provider in the country would create a public health crisis. Pure and simple, a public health crisis would be the inevitable con-sequence of this measure to defund Planned Parenthood. Of the 2.7 million women Planned Parenthood serves every year, 78 percent are low-income women who depend on Planned Parent-hood for breast cancer screening, test-ing for sexually transmitted infections, hepatitis B vaccines, family planning counseling, education on how to recog-nize and leave abusive relationships, domestic violence, referrals to other medical specialists, and many other es-sential services that would be unaffordable and inaccessible without Planned Parenthood. 
Over half of Planned Parenthood’s 
clinics serve women in medically un-derserved areas or in health provider shortage areas. So 13 of Connecticut’s 17 women’s health centers serve women in rural or medically underserved parts of my State. Defunding Planned Par-enthood would mean 64,000 of my con-stituents could lose access to quality health services. 
Because there is no network of 
health care providers with the capacity to serve this population if Planned Par-enthood is denied funding, millions of women—particularly Medicaid recipi-ents—would lose access to quality health services, and the result would be a public health crisis. That is the stark reality of these numbers and statistics. Dry and abstract as they are, they stand for real-life consequences—real women whose lives will be inevitably transformed for the worse if this meas-ure were to pass. 
Beyond the din of this place that so 
often consumes us—the confusion and the noise—there are real people whose lives will be affected by these kinds of measures and whose lives are affected even by the effort to defund Planned Parenthood because of the uncertainty and doubt that it creates. 
These real people are women such as 
Elizabeth A., who said: 
When I didn’t have health insurance 3 
years ago, I went to Planned Parenthood where I had access to safe, affordable, repro-ductive health care. I still go there for my health needs! I was able to get STD testing and birth control when I couldn’t afford it anywhere else. 
Rachel S. of Naugatuck, CT: 
Birth control helped my husband and me 
put off having a family until we were finan-cially ready to care for a child. The effects of pregnancy, both physically and financially, mean that free or low-cost birth control is an important factor in a successful future for both the woman and her family. 
And Nicole B. of West Haven, CT: 
I come to Planned Parenthood because it is 
a safe place to get birth control and exams. Everyone is helpful and non-judgmental. The city needs a place like this and many women benefit from Planned Parenthood services. 
These stories are from real people 
whose lives we in the Senate are sup-posed to care about. I care about them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Aug 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.010 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6217 August 3, 2015 
because I know so many women whose 
lives have been affected by Planned Parenthood. I know so many of the staff and dedicated professionals who work at Planned Parenthood clinics. 
One spoke to me on Saturday after-
noon—one of the low points last week during the controversy that has envel-oped Planned Parenthood—about how she was inspired and revived by simply passing by a room where one of the counselors was talking to a group of young people, both men and women, about the education that was impor-tant to them as far as preventing un-wanted pregnancy and how seeing Planned Parenthood at work in that setting—the real work of providing health care and education—inspired her to keep going despite those dif-ficulties. 
The fact is that over and over my 
constituents, the people of Con-necticut, have told me they choose Planned Parenthood because of the professionalism, dedication, and nonjudgmental approach to their pa-tients. Many view Planned Parenthood as a safe space to come when they need advice, when they need medical exami-nations. 
If Republicans succeed in defunding 
it, women will be without their most trusted health care provider. So many of them are relying on it because it is trustworthy, professional, and dedi-cated to them—first and foremost to them. 
Today I stand with Planned Parent-
hood and the thousands and thousands of women in Connecticut and around the country who benefited from their services. I will vehemently oppose these efforts to allow a secretive and dishonest group to discredit and to dis-may so many. They have manipulated the facts, put employees and volun-teers in danger, and have eliminated the organization’s ability to provide es-sential services. But the important point is that we resist this effort today to defund an organization that has pro-vided so many services to so many peo-ple in need and has enabled this Nation to avert a public health crisis that will ensue if we follow this misguided ef-fort, and that we follow our better in-stincts and make sure that we keep the faith with women who need health care in this Nation. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, Wil-
liam Wilberforce is a man whom I have, over the years, looked to as a role model and an example of what public service should be and what pub-lic servants should be. 
Wilberforce served as a Member of 
the British Parliament from 1784 to 1812. After an early career marked by 
what he described as doing nothing of purpose, Wilberforce then went through a transformational period of self-reflection. He emerged with a deep-ened faith, greater moral courage, and an unshakeable passion for ending the slave trade. He said: 
So enormous, so dreadful, so irremediable 
did the [slave] trade’s wickedness appear that my own mind was completely made up for abolition. Let the consequences be what they would: I from this time determined that I would never rest until I had effected its abolition. 
It took Wilberforce 20 years of blood, 
sweat, tears, and even death threats, but he succeeded in pushing the House of Commons and the House of Lords to put abolition into law when the Slave Trade Act of 1807 passed. 
I believe today, just 2 hours from 
now, we will have a William Wilber-force moment facing the Senate. Through a series of video releases over the past few weeks, the American peo-ple have learned about the shocking and barbaric practices Planned Parent-hood uses to terminate innocent human lives. In several different vid-eos, senior Planned Parenthood offi-cials openly and candidly discussed the organ harvesting of fetuses. 
In one video, the senior director of 
medical research for Planned Parent-hood explained the process by which aborted body parts are harvested. I am not going to describe that process on the floor. I talked about it last week. But for those who have seen the video and those who have read about the practices, it is abhorrent to hear the cold, calculating consideration of how best to disassemble, to tear apart, to rip apart a growing life so that they could harvest certain body parts and then sell them for research. And they were negotiating prices. 
It was like describing to somebody 
how they could go to Home Depot and pick things off the shelf: Let’s see what this costs; no, maybe we can get a bet-ter price for this. But in this case we are talking about living human tissue being taken, harvested, and sold from aborted babies. 
So let’s consider for a second what is 
the bottom line. The bottom line is we are talking about an organization that is embracing the dismembering of human life with taxpayer support. Mil-lions of Americans who have seen these videos are outraged by the cavalier at-titude that Planned Parenthood has about human life. Americans from all walks of life, Americans of different faiths and, maybe, even of different po-litical parties abhor this. 
Then we learned that our tax dollars, 
our hard-earned tax dollars, are sent to an organization that practices these methods. Surely, we can come to a con-clusion that this is something that vio-lates the faith and beliefs of many mil-lions Americans and is subsidized by the Federal taxpayer? 
Now, over the past few days, we have 
heard many who say they object to what Planned Parenthood is doing 
here. But, you know, we can’t afford to stop funding many of the very impor-tant women’s health services that Planned Parenthood provides. And this is an important consideration because I am sure every Senator here believes in ensuring that all women, regardless of their status and regardless of their fi-nancial situation, deserve to have ac-cess to vital services that health care providers provide. 
The bill before us that we will be vot-
ing on today, offered by the Presiding Officer, Senator E
RNST of Iowa, ad-
dresses these concerns. Her legislation would transfer money provided to Planned Parenthood to a whole range of women’s health care providers. I have the bill here in front of me. It is very simple, a very basic bill. 
I want to read from this bill: 
State and county health departments, 
community health centers, hospitals, physi-cians offices, and other entities currently provide, and will continue to provide, health services to women. Such health services in-clude relevant diagnostic laboratory and ra-diology services, well-child care, prenatal and postpartum care, immunization, family planning services including contraception, sexually transmitted disease testing, cer-vical and breast cancer screenings, and refer-rals. 
The bill goes on to say that such en-
tities provide services to all persons, regardless of their ability to pay and provide services in medically under-served areas and to medically under-served populations. 
So what is being offered here and 
what we will be voting on this evening doesn’t take anything away from wom-en’s ability—regardless of their finan-cial situation or where they live—to have the services that are needed and need to ensure their health and the fu-ture health of their children. 
In the United States there are five 
times as many community health cen-ters as there are Planned Parenthood operations. In my own State, we have 108 community health centers in urban and rural areas all throughout the State of Indiana—5 times the amount of Planned Parenthood facilities. So the issue of denying women needed health care simply is not the case under this legislation. 
The barbaric practice of conducting 
abortions in a way that promotes har-vesting fetal organs or profiting from such practice has no place in a modern society. Planned Parenthood’s prac-tices, I would suggest, should not re-ceive a dime of taxpayer money. The question is, Do we want taxpayer dol-lars to continue to support an organi-zation that treats human body parts like a product on the shelves of a store? 
Today the Senate will decide if we 
fight for what we believe is morally right or whether we stand by and allow the trivialization of life to continue. 
I am here to urge my colleagues to 
vote yes on this vitally important piece of legislation that we will be tak-ing up in less than 2 hours. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Aug 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.012 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6218 August 3, 2015 
I yield the floor. 
Madam President, I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. KING. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. KING. Madam President, I rise to 
speak in opposition to S. 1881, the bill that will be coming before us this afternoon, and I have several quick points that I think need to be made. 
The first is that this bill has nothing 
to do with abortion. Ninety-seven per-cent of the activities of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America and its associated facilities have nothing to do with abortion. They have to do with women’s health, they have to do with cancer screening, and they have to do with contraception and early detec-tion. The 3 percent that do involve abortion have no involvement whatso-ever with Federal funds. This is not a case where Federal funds are going to support abortion or any of the related activities. 
The net effect of this bill is simply to 
deny basic health care, including con-traception, to millions of women, par-ticularly low-income women. And the irony is that it will undoubtedly in-crease abortions in this country. 
I have never understood why people 
who are opposed to abortion also seem to be opposed to the provision of family planning and contraceptive informa-tion which can prevent unwanted preg-nancies and, indeed, prevent abortions. The Guttmacher Institute, a respected, nonpartisan institution, estimates that without family planning information supplied by organizations such as Planned Parenthood, abortions would increase in this country by 345,000 a year. That is not a result anybody wants. It is certainly not one I want. That would mean an increase in abor-tions—345,000 a year. 
I understand the bill does make funds 
generally available to a whole host of different organizations, some of which may or may not provide the kinds of family planning services that have been provided for over 70 years by Planned Parenthood. It is a narrower network. It eliminates clinics that have been available to women and doc-tors who have been available to women for many years. 
Ironically, amidst all the discussion 
about the Affordable Care Act, a criti-cism which was ‘‘Maybe you can’t keep your own doctor,’’ this is a bill de-signed to keep you away from your doctor, the doctor you have been seeing and have confidence in at a clinic run by Planned Parenthood. 
The issue, which my colleague from 
Indiana noted, is not about abortion. It is not about Planned Parenthood. It is not about contraception. It is about fetal tissue and the uses of fetal tissue and how fetal tissue should be con-
trolled and whether it should be al-lowed to be used for medical research. But that is a debate we should have on that issue. There is no reason we should be defunding Planned Parent-hood because of a debate we may or may not want to have in the future about the use of fetal tissue. We are de-nying medical services to women—par-ticularly low-income women—because of an issue that has nothing to do with the 97 percent of services this organiza-tion provides. To me, this bill is like attacking Brazil after Pearl Harbor—it is a vigorous response, but it is the wrong target. 
If the concern is Planned Parenthood 
or any other organization having ac-cess to fetal tissue and then using that tissue in medical research—by the way, designed to save lives and ameliorate the effects of diseases such as Parkin-son’s or Alzheimer’s—then let’s focus on that. Let’s talk about whether it should be legal, how it should be con-trolled, what the limitations should be. But we should not eliminate an organi-zation which for many years—almost 100 years—has been providing health care for women, particularly low-in-come women, basic female health care such as cancer screenings and contra-ception and family planning. 
This is a straightforward attack on 
women’s health, in my view, particu-larly the health of low-income women. 
‘‘No American woman should be de-
nied access to family planning assist-ance because of her economic condi-tion.’’ That radical statement wasn’t made by me. It wasn’t made by Jimmy Carter. It wasn’t made by John F. Ken-nedy. It was made by that known rad-ical Richard M. Nixon in 1970. So access to family planning information goes back almost 50 years. If people in this body don’t think that is appropriate, then let’s debate that, but let’s not use this collateral issue of fetal tissue, which we can debate, to defund an or-ganization that serves the needs of many women in my State and in States across the country, particularly low-in-come women. Two-thirds of Planned Parenthood’s patients are low-income women. They serve the needs of those women in a responsible, legal, and thoughtful way. 
This is targeting an organization for 
the wrong reason. If we want to discuss fetal tissue and how to deal with it and what the pros and cons are, then let’s do so, but I don’t believe it is appro-priate to do it in the context of legisla-tion that will basically crush an orga-nization that has been enormously helpful in maintaining women’s health throughout this country and will not, in fact, end whatever concerns people have about the use of fetal tissue. 
Again, Madam President, this bill 
has nothing to do with abortion. It has everything to do with women’s health. I hope my colleagues will move on, de-bate the real issues, and oppose this ill- founded and I believe unsupported piece of legislation. Madam President, I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Ms. C
OLLINS per-
taining to the introduction of S. 1917 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
am informed that it is in order for me to file the substitute amendment that I just described, and I send that to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment will be received. 
Ms. COLLINS. Thank you, Madam 
President. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, this 
weekend I watched the Planned Par-enthood videos that are in the news, in-cluding one in which the organization’s leadership says very clearly that the statements made by some of their staff are totally unacceptable. I believe that is important for everyone to hear. 
With that said, here is the great dan-
ger with the legislation before the Sen-ate today: This bill paints a big red target on some of the most basic, es-sential health care services for women in America: birth control, gone; preg-nancy tests, gone; prenatal services, gone; HIV tests, gone; breast cancer screenings, gone; cervical cancer screenings, gone; ovarian cancer screenings, gone; vaccinations that prevent cancers, gone; treatment for urinary tract infections, gone; testing and treatment for sexually transmitted infections, gone; basic physical exams, gone; treatment for digestive or breathing problems, gone; treatment for chronic conditions, gone; pediatric care, gone; adoption referrals, gone; nutrition programs, gone; referrals to hospitals and specialists, gone. 
When you wipe out Planned Parent-
hood’s funding, you dramatically and painfully reduce women’s access to services that have absolutely nothing to do with abortion—nothing to do with abortion. This bill will take away the guarantee that Medicaid patients have their free choice of doctors in the program. The people who this bill will hurt the most are poor women who have nowhere else to turn. 
I urge my colleagues today to drop 
this misguided campaign. Instead of re-stricting women’s access to health care services—such as the ones I have just outlined—let’s work on a bipartisan basis to improve access to health care services for women in America. 
I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Aug 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.014 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6219 August 3, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, as 
the Presiding Officer knows, we will have a very important vote about an 
hour and a half from now on a bill that would eliminate taxpayer funding for abortions, consistent with four decades of U.S. law. Contrary to the comments made by our friend from Oregon who just spoke, rather than withhold those funds, it would take that same amount of money and redirect it for women’s health services and actually give them better access to health services at the same time. In other words, this legisla-tion will fund women’s health care but not abortions on the taxpayers’ dime. 
I particularly want to thank Senator 
E
RNST , Senator L ANKFORD , Senator 
FISCHER , and Senator P AUL for their 
leadership on this important issue. This is the beginning of the fight to re-gain America’s conscience and the fight to restore the law that has been on the books for 40 years when it comes to taxpayer funding of abortions. 
We all understand that the Supreme 
Court in Roe v. Wade has held that abortion is a right. But we also know that there is a rare area where there is a consensus between pro-choice and pro-life people, such as myself, and that is that we draw the line—and have since 1976—when it comes to taxpayer funding of abortions. Of course, what brought us to this point most imme-diately was that our collective con-science was shocked by videos depict-ing Planned Parenthood executives dis-cussing the harvesting and sale of the organs of unborn babies—an abhorrent, disgusting practice that we cannot ig-nore. Perhaps the only thing more shocking than the actual dis-membering of unborn children for sale is the cavalier attitudes by the Planned Parenthood staff who seem to have sacrificed their humanity and show so little regard for the sanctity of human life. 
What was shown in these videos is an 
outrage, and it demands our action. Many of our colleagues from across the aisle have cited their own disapproval of what has been presented in these videos. They will be given an oppor-tunity at 5:30 when we vote on the mo-tion to proceed to get on this bill to demonstrate that their actions actu-ally match their words. 
According to one report, the junior 
Senator from Indiana said he found the comments by Planned Parenthood per-sonnel in the video disgraceful. Simi-larly, the junior Senator from Virginia said that he found the videos ‘‘ex-tremely troubling.’’ When asked about the videos last week, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also called them ‘‘disturbing.’’ And they are. 
Like our recent successful bipartisan 
efforts to fight the scourge of human trafficking, we have a rare opportunity to make a difference and address the moral imperative to defend those who cannot defend themselves. 
It is important—because I have al-
ready heard some of our colleagues misrepresent what is in the bill—to re-
mind everybody what this bill actually does. First and foremost, it eliminates Federal funding for one of the coun-try’s largest abortion providers— Planned Parenthood. In fiscal year 2014, Planned Parenthood performed 327,653 abortions. At the same time, Planned Parenthood received $528 mil-lion from Federal taxpayers. 
Planned Parenthood reported rev-
enue in fiscal 2014 of $1.1 billion. In other words, almost half of its income came from tax dollars from the Federal Government at the same time they per-formed 327,653 abortions. 
You will hear some of our friends 
who are defending Planned Parenthood say: Oh, well, this is different because the money is kept separate. But we know that money that comes from the Federal Government can keep the lights on and keep the doors open so the abortions can continue to be per-formed. It is simply a fiction to claim that Federal tax dollars are not sup-porting conduct proscribed by the Hyde amendment for the last 40 years. 
We don’t stop there, though, when it 
comes to this legislation. As I men-tioned at the outset, we would actually redirect the money to ensure that tax-payer dollars that once went to Planned Parenthood now go to provide for women’s health, such as in thou-sands of community health centers across the country. 
I am a big fan of community health 
centers because they really represent one-stop shopping when it comes to primary health care needs. The ironic thing is we can actually provide better access and more access for women by transferring the money from Planned Parenthood to community health cen-ters and other nonabortion providers. For example, in my State, we have as many as eight times more community health centers as there are Planned Parenthood providers. We can provide women with eight times more oppor-tunity to see that their health care needs are taken care of and at the same time respect the law that prohibits taxpayer dollars to be used for abor-tions and to support abortions. 
In fact, according to data from 2013— 
the most recently available nation-wide—every State in the country has more community health centers than Planned Parenthood clinics. 
Since I didn’t want to mention all 50 
of them here—that would be a little overwhelming and be hard to read at the same time—I just picked out two States, along with the nationwide sta-tistic—13 community health centers to every 1 Planned Parenthood provider that would still be able to provide pri-mary health care services to women under this legislation. But if we look at Indiana, for example, we would have four times more providers under this legislation. In the State of Virginia, we would have 20 times more providers by simply defunding Planned Parenthood, the abortion provider, and using tax dollars and transferring that money to community health centers. We can ac-
tually provide greater access for wom-en’s health care. 
Let’s be clear, because I suspect, as I 
have already heard when I came to the 
floor, that there will be a lot of mis-representation about what is in the bill. We need to be clear. This legisla-tion defends women’s health and en-sures women access across the country to essential health services. 
As I said a few moments ago, in 
many respects the debate that we are having was already decided in 1976, the year of the Hyde amendment, named after Henry Hyde, which, as my col-leagues all know, prevents taxpayer dollars from funding abortions, except in rare circumstances. We talked about that a lot during the course of the anti- human trafficking bill. But this has been the law of the land for 40 years. 
I strongly encourage all of our col-
leagues to vote to get on this bill. An organization that so callously reduces our most vulnerable to spare parts for sale has no business receiving any money from the Federal taxpayers. If people want to raise money from other private sources to support this effort, then let them do that. But tax dollars are not available and should not be available to fund Planned Parenthood’s abortion practice—again, the largest single abortion provider in America. 
While many of our colleagues on the 
other side have agreed that the vile practices that we witnessed in these videos are disturbing, still some have tried to put off having this discussion at all. I think what would be the big-gest failure on our part—no matter what the outcome of our vote on the underlying legislation—would be to fail to have this discussion and this debate for the American people to hear so we can get their input. The real travesty would be if we shut off debate because 60 Senators didn’t see fit to vote to get on the bill. That vote will be in rough-ly 1 hour and 15 minutes. 
There are others who say we simply 
have more important things to do. I disagree. For example, the senior Sen-ator from New York said consideration of this bill was ‘‘wasting valuable time’’ and that we should instead ‘‘[start] urgent budget negotiations.’’ 
Really? Really? I hardly know what 
to say. To those who share my disgust for the conduct depicted in these videos and who agree they are disgraceful, dis-turbing, and extremely troubling, how can you now turn around and refuse to vote with us to get on this legislation so we can have that discussion, so we can have that debate, and so we can vote our conscience? If your conscience is shocked by the footage in these vid-eos, I really can’t see how anybody could possibly vote no on this legisla-tion at 5:30 when we vote to get on the bill. 
Somehow, we as a nation have been 
lulled into a sense of complacency and have become somehow so desensitized to these barbaric practices depicted in these videos that they no longer stimu-late us to act. But today we have a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.020 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6220 August 3, 2015 
chance on behalf of the American peo-
ple, the people we collectively rep-resent, to act and to act in a way that protects the most vulnerable. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, 
thanks to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, the Senate is unfortu-nately taking a vote on whether crit-ical health care services should be taken away from millions of women across the country. We will be voting on whether a young woman should be able to go to a provider she trusts to get birth control, whether cancer screenings should be more or less avail-able to women across the country, and whether the U.S. Senate is going to turn back the clock on women’s health. 
To me—and to many Democrats and 
even some Republicans who want to help women get the care they need—it is deeply disappointing that we are even having this debate because ex-treme Republicans have attacked Planned Parenthood and women’s health so many times before—on the budget, the highway bill, the Afford-able Care Act, and even on the legisla-tion I introduced last week to help wounded veterans start families. That is right. Some of my Republican col-leagues were more interested in scoring political points with their extreme base by picking fights over women’s health than they were in helping our wounded veterans. 
Unfortunately, it is clear they will 
jump at any opportunity to put politics before women’s health. The bill we are talking about this evening that would defund Planned Parenthood is just more of the same. 
My Republican colleagues who sup-
port this bill claim it would simply re-direct funding for Planned Parenthood to other providers. Let’s keep in mind that 2.7 million people visited Planned Parenthood for their health care last year, and 1 out of every 5 women in the United States will visit a Planned Par-enthood center at some point in her life. So Planned Parenthood is a crit-ical source of health care in commu-nities across this country, and claim-ing that other providers can simply ab-sorb those patients is like saying you can pour a bucket of water into a cup. It will not work. Instead, what this bill would actually do is take access to birth control, cancer screenings, STD tests, and other important preventive care away from women. It would leave families and communities without trusted, quality health care providers they rely on, and it would mean that in the United States of America in the 21st century the tea party gets to tell women what doctors they can or can-
not go to. 
I am not going to let that happen, 
and I know many of my colleagues here today agree. So this legislation is going nowhere, and, just as we have every other time they have tried these partisan tactics, we are sending a very clear message to those who choose po-litical pandering over women’s health. 
Political attacks and threats to shut 
down the government are not going to get in the way of women’s access to the care they need—not on our watch. Why? Because we know millions of women and their families are counting on us, and we are going to keep stand-ing up for them. 
I will close today by sharing the 
story of a woman from my home State of Washington. Shannon is from Tumwater, WA. When she was a teen-ager, she experienced ‘‘unbearable pain’’ and went to see a doctor to find out whether she had endometriosis. That is a serious disease that can keep women from having children if it goes untreated. Her doctor told her she was far too young to have endometriosis and sent her home. A few years later when she turned 18, Shannon tried again, and this time she went to a Planned Parenthood center. There, her provider confirmed that she did indeed have endometriosis. Her lesions were removed, and Shannon got the medica-tion to manage her condition, thanks to Planned Parenthood. She no longer has to live with chronic pain, and now she is the proud mother of a little girl. 
Shannon said, ‘‘My daughter is truly 
a gift, and I really have Planned Par-enthood to thank for her.’’ 
So today, as many Members on the 
other side of the aisle vote to take health care away from women and their families, as they try as hard as they can to appeal to the extreme fringe of their party no matter the cost, I hope they think of women like Shannon whose lives are happier and healthier because of the services Planned Parenthood provides to so many communities in our country. That is whom I will be thinking about. I am very proud to vote no tonight and will continue to keep fighting for women, their health care, and their rights. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I 
come to the Senate floor to ask my Re-publican colleagues a question: Do you have any idea what year it is? Did you fall down and hit your head and think you woke up in the 1950s or the 1890s? Should we call for a doctor? Because I simply cannot believe that in the year 2015, the U.S. Senate would be spending its time trying to defund women’s health care centers. 
On second thought, maybe I 
shouldn’t be that surprised. The Repub-licans have had a plan for years to strip away women’s rights to make choices about their own bodies. Just look at the recent facts. In 2013, Repub-
licans threatened to shut down the government unless they could change the law to let employers deny women access to birth control. In March of this year, Republicans held up a non-controversial, bipartisan bill to stop human trafficking. Why? Because they demanded new anti-abortion restric-tions to cover private funding meant to help the victims of human trafficking. In June, House Republicans passed a budget eliminating funding for the Title X Family Planning Program, the only Federal grant program that pro-vides birth control, HIV tests, STD screening, and other preventive serv-ices for poor and uninsured people. 
Over the past few years, Republicans 
have voted to repeal the Affordable Care Act more than 50 times, including the portions that require insurers to cover contraception. Let’s be clear. It is not just Congress. Over the past 5 years Republican State legislators have passed nearly 300 new restrictions on abortion access. This year alone Re-publican State legislators have passed more than 50 new restrictions on wom-en’s access to legal health care. 
Let’s be really clear about some-
thing. The Republican scheme to defund Planned Parenthood is not some sort of surprised response to a highly edited video. Nope. The Republican vote to defund Planned Parenthood is just one more piece of a deliberate, me-thodical, orchestrated, rightwing at-tack on women’s rights, and I am sick and tired of it. Women everywhere are sick and tired of it. The American peo-ple are sick and tired of it. 
Scheduling this vote during the week 
of a big FOX News Presidential pri-mary debate, days before candidates take trips to Iowa or New Hampshire, isn’t just some clever gimmick. This is an all-out effort to build support to take away a woman’s right to control her own body and access to medical care she may need. 
This affects all of us, whatever your 
age, wherever you live. I guarantee that you know someone who has used Planned Parenthood health care cen-ters. No one may mention it at Thanksgiving dinner or post it on Facebook for the whole world to know, but just look at the facts. One in five women in America is a Planned Par-enthood patient at least once in her life. Every single year nearly 2.7 mil-lion women and men show up for help at Planned Parenthood. 
Why do so many people use Planned 
Parenthood? Because they are non-profit and they are open. More than half of Planned Parenthood centers are located in areas without ready access to health care. Women who can’t get appointments anywhere else go to Planned Parenthood for pap tests and cancer screenings. Couples go to Planned Parenthood for STD treat-ments or pregnancy tests. Young peo-ple go to Planned Parenthood for birth control. And, yes, 3 percent of patients visit Planned Parenthood for a safe and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.021 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6221 August 3, 2015 
legal abortion with a doctor who will 
show compassion and care for a woman who is making one of the most difficult decisions of her entire life. 
To be clear, even though the abor-
tions performed at Planned Parenthood are safe and legal, the Federal Govern-ment is not paying for any of them— not one dime. For almost 40 years the Federal Government has prohibited Federal funding for abortions except in the cases of rape, incest or life endangerment. 
Most of the money Planned Parent-
hood receives from the government comes in the form of Medicaid pay-ments for medical care provided to low-income patients, the same pay-ments any other doctor or clinic re-ceives for providing cancer screenings or other medical exams. The rest of Planned Parenthood’s Federal funding comes from title X that provides birth control to low-income and uninsured people, the same program the House Republicans voted to cut in June. 
The government doesn’t fund abor-
tions, period. A vote today to defund Planned Parenthood is not a vote to defund abortions. It is a vote to defund cancer screenings, birth control, and basic health care for millions of women. 
I say to my Republican colleagues: 
The year is 2015, not 1955 and not 1895. Women have lived through a world where backward-looking ideologues tried to interfere with the basic health decisions made by a woman and her doctor, and we are not going back—not now, not ever. 
The Republican plan to defund 
Planned Parenthood is a Republican plan to defund women’s health care. For my daughter, for my grand-daughters, for people all across Massa-chusetts, and all across this country, I stand with Planned Parenthood, and I hope my colleagues will do the same. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, Con-
gress provides billions of dollars in tax-payer money for many different pro-grams in various areas, including wom-en’s health. Sometimes, however, we have to draw the line, rearrange our priorities, and put some things off-lim-its. This is one of those times. The tax-payers should not be funding an organi-zation engaged not only in the abortion business but, as we now know, in the baby body parts business. 
In the last fiscal year, Planned Par-
enthood received more than one-half billion dollars of taxpayer money in the form of government grants, con-tracts, and Medicaid reimbursements. That is nearly $1.5 million per day, every day, and more than 40 percent of Planned Parenthood’s revenue. The group’s annual reports reveal what it does. In the last 3 years, it performed nearly 1 million abortions. In fact, this taxpayer-supported organization is the nation’s largest abortion provider. 
Some of Planned Parenthood’s propa-
ganda suggests the group focuses more on promoting pregnancies than ending 
them. But the numbers reveal the truth. Abortion accounts for 94 percent of Planned Parenthood’s pregnancy services. The number of Planned Par-enthood abortions dwarfs its recipients of prenatal care by more than 15 to 1. Planned Parenthood performs 174 abor-tions for every 1 adoption referral. In fact, Planned Parenthood’s abortion business is growing while its adoption referrals and prenatal care services are shrinking. 
We are also told that Planned Par-
enthood provides other women’s health services. Those same annual reports, however, show that cancer prevention services are down 17 percent over the year before. Planned Parenthood does not provide what the American Cancer Society calls a ‘‘very effective and val-uable tool’’ for breast cancer screening: mammograms. That procedure requires an FDA certification and no Planned Parenthood clinic in America has such a certification. 
It is no wonder that Planned Parent-
hood has fought anything that could conceivably reduce the number of abor-tions. That is the business they are in. They oppose measures to inform women about abortion dangers or al-ternatives, they oppose any kind of in-volvement by parents when children seek an abortion. They even oppose re-stricting the horrible practice of par-tial-birth abortion. 
We have learned recently what such a 
commitment to abortion produces. 
Not one, not two, not three, but four 
videos released so far show Planned Parenthood’s own leaders discussing the harvesting and selling of baby parts as casually as a mechanic sells car parts. They discuss how Planned Parenthood abortionists arrange their procedures and techniques to obtain the intact baby body parts that they need. These videos are revolting. They reveal an attitude toward human life that I thought we left behind long ago, when we decided human beings were not commodities to be traded. 
Planned Parenthood has responded to 
these videos with propaganda and dis-traction. After the first video was re-leased, for example, they said that it had been heavily edited, and their com-ments were taken out of context. That is often the first response by someone exposed by their own words. I urge my colleagues and fellow citizens not to be distracted. The Center for Medical Progress, which released the video, has made the full video and complete tran-script available. 
Planned Parenthood also claims that 
it receives cost reimbursement for the ‘‘services’’ it provides. I remind my col-leagues of two things. First, even if that were true, these are costs associ-ated with the harvesting of baby body parts. We must never forget what is at the heart of this whole thing—the har-vesting and selling of pre-born body parts. Second, Planned Parenthood’s senior director of medical services says in one of the videos that if they can ‘‘do better than break even,’’ they are 
‘‘happy to do it.’’ It appears that Planned Parenthood’s only guideline is that ‘‘this is not something that you 
should be making an exorbitant amount of money on.’’ 
In the fourth video, a Planned Par-
enthood medical director talks about how ‘‘a little bit of training’’ will make sure that fetal organs can be removed intact. She says that charging a fee for each body part ‘‘works a little better, just because we can see how much we can get out of it.’’ And to top it all off, this medical director talks about how calling this gruesome business ‘‘re-search’’ helps to avoid getting caught. 
The truth about Planned Parenthood 
is finally coming out, and Congress should respond in two ways. First, we should exercise our oversight authority to investigate how Planned Parenthood is using the hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars it annually receives. Federal law, for example, makes it ille-gal ‘‘for any person to knowingly ac-quire, receive, or otherwise transfer any fetal tissue for valuable consider-ation.’’ If our investigation turns up any evidence of possible criminal wrongdoing, such evidence should be turned over to the proper authorities. 
Second, we should stop giving 
Planned Parenthood taxpayer money. Even if the investigations show that Planned Parenthood has broken no laws, regulations, or other rules, we should get American taxpayers out of the business of harvesting and selling baby body parts. Senator E
RNST ’s bill 
would do just that. 
The abortion lobby’s misdirection, 
distraction, and spin are already in high gear. Last week here on the Sen-ate floor, one of my Democratic col-leagues said that this bill is an ‘‘attack on women’s health.’’ It is no such thing. Planned Parenthood is not the only provider of prenatal services or cancer screenings. It is, however, the only organization financed by Amer-ican taxpayers that traffics in baby body parts. 
Just as everyone should judge 
Planned Parenthood’s words for them-selves, everyone should also read this bill for themselves. It says that while Planned Parenthood will no longer re-ceive taxpayer money, overall funding for women’s health will not decrease. This bill supports women’s health but defunds Planned Parenthood. 
This bill does not prohibit Planned 
Parenthood from performing abortions, it does not even prohibit Planned Par-enthood from continuing its practice of harvesting and selling baby body parts. But if Planned Parenthood wants to be in this gruesome business, it should do so without being subsidized by Amer-ican taxpayers. 
I reiterate that this bill does not re-
duce services for women’s health by a single dime. Healthcare providers all over this country, including commu-nity health centers, offer all sorts of services for women. These include the very services that my Democratic col-league mentioned here last week, such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.058 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6222 August 3, 2015 
as cancer screenings, vaccinations, 
breast exams, and HIV testing. Under this bill, Federal funding for such serv-ices will not be reduced, but rather re- directed to providers who are not in-volved in the sordid and contemptible baby body parts business. 
The recent revelations about Planned 
Parenthood have pulled back the cur-tain on something very ugly in our cul-ture. Millions of abortions over mul-tiple decades have devalued human life to the point where—at least to some— preborn babies are little more than commodities, collections of parts that can be harvested and sold. Is that the kind of country we want? No, it is not. We should use this opportunity to ex-amine our values to chart a better course. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, we 
are now 7 months into the 114th Con-gress, and our Nation is faced with many challenges. Less than 1 year ago, the American people were promised that if Republicans took control of the Senate, our focus would be on com-mittee-reported bills and promoting bi-partisanship. Leader M
CCONNELL  
pledged not to fill the amendment tree and instead to allow for an open amendment process when bills were brought to the floor. These promises have already been broken and this week we will likely see them broken again. 
We are just a few days before the 
first debate for the many Republicans seeking their party’s nomination for President. Given the crowded stage, they have already resorted to atten-tion-getting attacks designed to excite the most extreme right wing of their base. It should surprise no one then that at the top of the Senate’s agenda this week is a bill that would jeop-ardize the health and well-being of women across the country. 
I spoke in opposition to this mis-
guided, partisan effort last week. It is disappointing that instead of using the few remaining weeks before the end of the fiscal year working to reach an agreement on how to fund the govern-ment, we are considering ideologically- driven legislation to bar funding for Planned Parenthood health centers. This issue is unfortunately all too fa-miliar. A few years ago, a small but vocal minority nearly shut down the Federal Government over a provision prohibiting funding for Planned Par-enthood. Thankfully, we prevailed in the end, removing the rider and assur-ing women’s access to vital health care. I hope the Senate makes the right choice again today. 
This latest attack on women’s health 
is fueled by an extreme organization that is in the process of releasing sur-reptitiously recorded videos, which the group heavily edited in a misleading way to suggest wrongdoing on the part of Planned Parenthood. The Attorney General is currently reviewing the matter, and I have every confidence that if there is credible evidence to warrant an investigation of any of the parties involved in the videos, the Jus-
tice Department will act. 
The bill before the Senate today 
would affect the lives of millions of American women, men, and young peo-ple who trust and depend on Planned Parenthood for their basic health care needs, including annual health exams, cervical and breast cancer screenings, and HIV screenings. Last year in Vermont, Planned Parenthood centers provided critical primary and preven-tive services to over 16,000 patients. In a small State like Vermont, this im-pact cannot be overstated. 
Proponents of this bill argue that if 
we defund Planned Parenthood, women will find care at other health centers. This is simply not the case. Planned Parenthood centers overwhelmingly 
serve populations in rural and medi-cally underserved parts of the country where access to health care, especially for low-income individuals, is difficult. In fact, over 90 percent of Vermont’s Planned Parenthood centers are lo-cated in rural or medically-under-served areas. Many women in my State describe Planned Parenthood as their primary source of health care. What this partisan bill would do is force the women in Vermont who have trusted Planned Parenthood for their health care to try to find another doctor where few are available, or, more like-ly, go without care at all. That under-mines all of our efforts to strengthen our Nation’s health care system, and ensure access to care for everyone. 
Planned Parenthood health centers 
are eligible for Federal funds in two ways, and under the Hyde amendment, funds cannot be used for abortion serv-ices except in very limited cir-cumstances. First, Planned Parenthood centers can receive Federal grant fund-ing through title X of the Public Health Service Act. Title X is the only Federal grant program dedicated to of-fering people comprehensive family planning and related preventive health services. President Nixon was instru-mental in enacting this legislation, and it has long been supported by law-makers and Presidents of both parties. It cannot be emphasized enough that title X was a remarkable breakthrough in women’s health care. The second way Planned Parenthood receives Fed-eral funding is through Medicaid reim-bursements, when women using Med-icaid choose a Planned Parenthood pro-vider as their doctor. 
The federally supported services of-
fered by Planned Parenthood are the core of their work and mission. Despite the misleading and blatantly false statements of some ideologically-driv-en advocates, more than 90 percent of the care Planned Parenthood health centers offer is preventive care like cancer screenings, annual checkups, and contraception. As noted by several observers over the weekend, the irony is that defunding Planned Parenthood would result in more unintended preg-nancies, and probably more abortions. 
Should we walk back from the re-
markable progress we have made as a nation in women’s health? Of course 
not. But I am concerned that we still see this same irresponsible attack sur-facing again and again. It is 2015. It is time for the mean-spirited and ideolog-ical assaults on women’s health care to end. 
The arrogance and shortsighted atti-
tude of a minority has put at risk the lives and health of millions of women. Does this Congress care more about what looks good on a bumper sticker or what matters in the daily lives of real people? My wife Marcelle is a cancer survivor. We were lucky. We had good health care and the ability to pay the bills when she got sick. Others are not so lucky. Without the services that Planned Parenthood provides, thou-sands of low-income women in Vermont would lose their ability to have regular cancer screenings that could save their lives too. That we are even considering the elimination of these health services to America’s women is shameful. 
What a travesty it would be to gut 
health services that have literally meant the difference between life or death, health or grave illness, to count-less American women. This bill is merely an effort to score political points at the expense of women’s health. I hope the Senate rejects this irresponsible, partisan legislation. I urge the Senate majority leadership to return to its promise that it would lead this Chamber responsibly and act through regular order. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, I 
am strongly opposed to the bill before us today, S. 1881, introduced by Sen-ator E
RNST . 
I stand in strong support of Planned 
Parenthood, which every year provides 2.7 million people—including over 30,000 Marylanders and one in five women— with important health care services, such as breast and cervical cancer screenings, sexually transmitted dis-ease, STD, testing and counseling, and birth control. 
The bill before us today does one 
thing. It defunds Planned Parenthood. 
Every year Planned Parenthood 
health centers receive approximately $520 million in Federal funds to provide preventive health services to 2.7 mil-lion people in the United States, in-cluding one in five women. These serv-ices include cancer screenings, STD testing and counseling, and birth con-trol. If the Ernst bill passes, Planned Parenthood would lose that money and could no longer provide those services to women and men in need. 
For decades, anti-choice activists 
have looked for any excuse to elimi-nate funding to Planned Parenthood health centers because they use non- Federal funds to provide legal abor-tions. This time around, the excuse is that we should defund Planned Parent-hood because of some misleading vid-
eos. Videos that, while uncomfortable in nature, have shown nothing illegal to date. 
Let us talk about what Planned Par-
enthood means to Maryland. In my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.062 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6223 August 3, 2015 
State, Planned Parenthood is a leading 
provider of high-quality and affordable health care for so many women, men, and young people. Every year in MD, more than 33,000 patients receive health care from Planned Parenthood health centers. And what types of health care are Marylanders getting from these health centers? Approxi-mately 5,000 breast exams every year. Nearly 4,000 cervical cancer screenings and Pap tests. More than 34,000 STD tests and counseling sessions. And more than 26,000 Marylanders rely on Planned Parenthood health centers for birth control. 
The bill before us today is just the 
latest in a series of unrelenting attacks on Planned Parenthood. Those sup-porting this bill are simply latching on to yet another misguided attempt to try and eliminate Planned Parenthood in an effort to undermine women’s re-productive rights. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
bill on behalf of the 2.7 million people, and 1 in 5 American women, who rely on Planned Parenthood for their health care. 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, be-
fore us this evening is a decision whether or not to take money away from Planned Parenthood. 
For close to 100 years, Planned Par-
enthood has provided critical health services to millions, providing care to 2.7 million people in 2013 alone. 
In fact, many Planned Parenthood af-
filiates operate in rural and medically underserved areas. In some cases, clos-ing these facilities could cause patients to travel great distances to receive health services. 
Now, that said, I find the videos at 
issue to be extremely disturbing and I believe we have a responsibility to de-termine all the facts. 
More investigation is needed before 
we even start talking about taking away vital health services like annual wellness exams and cancer screenings from the millions who rely on them for care. 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I 
would like to take a moment to express my sincere disappointment in Planned Parenthood’s apparent disregard for human life. As a father of four and a strong advocate for the sanctity of life, I am deeply disturbed by reports of the gruesome and inhuman actions being performed by Planned Parenthood and their affiliates. 
I am proud to be a lead coauthor of 
Senator E
RNST ’s bill that we are con-
sidering today to defund this organiza-tion and hope my fellow Senators will put the sanctity of life ahead of any po-litical interests. 
Last year, Planned Parenthood re-
ceived $528 million in taxpayer funding, or more than $1.4 million per day, ac-counting for 41 percent of Planned Par-enthood’s overall revenue. Although the organization claims to use this funding to provide necessary health services to women, the fact is that abortions made up 94 percent of Planned Parenthood’s pregnancy serv-
ices in 2013, while prenatal care and adoption referrals accounted for 5 per-cent and 0.5 percent, respectively. 
Given our current fiscal climate and 
the level of division among Americans on this issue, there is no justification for continuing to subsidize Planned Parenthood’s profitable venture with taxpayer dollars. It is time for big abortion businesses like this one to be investigated and defunded. 
Senator E
RNST ’s bill, of which I am 
very proud to be a lead co-author, would prohibit Planned Parenthood, or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, suc-cessors, or clinics, from receiving any Federal funds. Instead, funds that are currently offered to Planned Parent-hood would be available to other eligi-ble entities to provide women’s health care services, including diagnostic lab-oratory and radiology services, well- child care, prenatal and postnatal care, immunizations, and cervical and breast cancer screenings. 
The sanctity of human life is a prin-
ciple that Congress should proclaim at every opportunity. The time has come to respect the wishes of the majority of Americans who adamantly oppose using taxpayer dollars for abortions by denying Federal funds to these abor-tion providers. I strongly encourage the support of my fellow Senators on efforts to defund Planned Parenthood and protect these innocent babies from being the target of Planned Parent-hood’s gruesome practices. 
Ms. WARREN. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I 
rise today to speak in strong opposi-tion to legislation that would defund Planned Parenthood and jeopardize women’s access to health care. 
Each year Planned Parenthood opens 
its doors to millions of Americans, in-cluding more than 54,000 people in my State of Minnesota, people who need affordable, quality health care, such as breast and cervical cancer screenings, pregnancy tests, and family planning services. One in five women in this country has received that care at Planned Parenthood, and for many women Planned Parenthood is their primary source of health care. Yet today the Senate is considering open-ing debate on a proposal to defund Planned Parenthood—a proposal to block this health care provider from continued participation in our Federal safety net health programs. It is a pro-posal that would close Planned Parent-hood’s doors and leave millions with-out a provider. 
Make no mistake, this proposal has 
nothing to do with protecting women’s health. Instead, it advances a political 
agenda that threatens women’s ability to receive often lifesaving care. In my State of Minnesota alone, Planned Par-enthood provided more than 9,000 cer-vical cancer screenings and nearly 14,000 screenings for breast cancer in just 1 year. These screenings save wom-en’s lives, women such as Liz Steele 
from Minneapolis. 
Liz’s first job after graduating from 
the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire didn’t offer health insurance, so she re-lied on Planned Parenthood for basic health care services. When a blood sample taken during a routine physical exam more than 25 years ago indicated that Liz had a deadly form of leu-kemia, the nurse practitioner who cared for Liz at Planned Parenthood tracked her down and connected her with a physician who treated her can-cer and saved her life. Liz said, ‘‘With-out [the nurse’s] persistence, I quite frankly wouldn’t be here right now. Planned Parenthood is responsible for saving my life.’’ 
Unfortunately, the bill we are dis-
cussing today ignores women like Liz. Rather than recognizing Planned Par-enthood’s role in protecting women’s health, the legislation continues a se-ries of unrelenting attacks on Planned Parenthood and on women’s access to basic health care. We have seen this strategy before. In 2007, the Senate voted on a measure that would have eliminated support for any health care provider—including Planned Parent-hood—that provides safe, legal abor-tion services. In 2011, the Senate voted on a proposal that singled out Planned Parenthood by name and would have disqualified it from receiving Federal support. Each time, these attempts to place political hurdles between a woman and the health care provider of her choice failed—by a vote of 41 to 52 in 2007 and 42 to 58 in 2011. Today’s at-tempt will fail as well. 
Recently, antiabortion activists se-
cretly recorded videos of Planned Par-enthood doctors and staff. In these vid-eos, some of the physicians captured on tape did not treat the issue of repro-ductive health services with the appro-priate level of sensitivity. I was glad to see that the president of Planned Par-enthood apologized for the tone of those remarks. But these videos—de-ceptively edited to paint a misleading picture of the organization—were de-signed to distort the truth and create controversy, a controversy that oppo-nents of reproductive rights are now exploiting by pushing the same failed strategy, only this time they have fo-cused their opposition to reproductive rights in disingenuous rhetoric that purports to value women’s health. 
The bill’s lead sponsor claimed that 
‘‘[t]here will be no reduction in overall federal funding available to support women’s health.’’ Another cosponsor of this legislation claimed the bill would ‘‘provide additional money for women’s primary health care services,’’ but the bill’s operative language makes no 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.072 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6224 August 3, 2015 
such commitment. It merely provides 
that ‘‘no federal funds may be made available to Planned Parenthood.’’ What the bill’s proponents choose not to acknowledge is that Planned Par-enthood health centers serve 36 percent of all patients who receive health care from a federally supported women’s health center—more than any other provider—but those sponsors have no plan for where the millions of patients currently receiving health care from Planned Parenthood would go if this legislation were successful—no plan. 
Moreover, claims that opponents of 
Planned Parenthood support con-tinuing or even increasing funding for women’s health services are especially 
hard to believe in light of the fact that some of the same people also support cutting the very programs that fund women’s health services now. Just a little over 1 month ago, House appro-priators approved a spending bill that would completely eliminate the title X family planning program—the Nation’s only Federal program exclusively dedi-cated to reproductive health care. Sen-ate appropriators proposed slashing title X—a program that is already run-ning on fumes—by $30 million. So claims that a bill to ban one of Amer-ica’s most trusted health care pro-viders from Federal programs would support women’s health—claims made while the bill’s proponents are working to gut Federal programs that provide services like breast and pelvic exams, contraceptives, testing and treatment for sexually transmitted infections and HIV—are nothing short of prepos-terous. 
It is no secret that attacks on 
Planned Parenthood are part and par-cel of a longstanding campaign to make safe and legal abortion in this country virtually impossible to access. Ironically, the defunding of Planned Parenthood would interfere with the delivery of health care that actually prevents unintended pregnancy and re-duces the need for abortion. If the pro-ponents of this bill were truly sincere in their desire to support women’s health, they would embrace efforts to improve contraceptive coverage and in-crease access to birth control rather than continue to attack the Nation’s No. 1 provider of basic women’s health services. 
The ability to access reproductive 
health care by the services that Planned Parenthood provides has a powerful effect on the choices women and families make every day—choices about finishing college or graduate school, whether to buy a home or start a business. The ability to decide wheth-er or when to start a family shapes lives, and for nearly 100 years Planned Parenthood has played an important role in ensuring that women are able to make that decision for themselves and shape their own destinies. I urge my colleagues to resist the impulse to let politics stand between a woman and her health care and to oppose legisla-tion to defund Planned Parenthood. Thank you, Madam President. 
I yield to my colleague from Mon-
tana. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
Mr. TESTER. Thank you, Madam 
President. 
Once again, this 114th Congress is 
proving its priorities are completely misguided. Last week the House of Representatives adjourned for a 6-week recess instead of taking up the Senate 6-year highway bill. That bill would strengthen our transportation infra-structure and reauthorize the Export- Import Bank, which helps businesses compete globally and returns hundreds of millions of dollars to the Treasury. By skipping town, the House forced an-other short extension, delaying long- term investments and denying States and businesses long-term certainty. 
Today we are debating whether to 
defund Planned Parenthood and deny thousands of women access to primary health care. Outside of these walls, this debate was settled decades ago. Most voters—including over 70 percent of Independents—oppose this effort be-cause they see it for what it is: an ag-gressive assault on women’s health care. 
If you don’t believe me, let me tell 
you the story of one of my constituents named Liz from Billings. Planned Par-enthood has been Liz’s primary health care provider for 30 years. The doctors and nurses at her local facility found precancerous cells and got her the treatment she needed to prevent a life- threatening disease. Despite a com-plicated medical history, she was able to start a family thanks to the pre-natal care she accessed at Planned Par-enthood. Now she has a daughter of her own and trusts the providers of Planned Parenthood to provide critical health care to her and her family. But Liz isn’t alone. 
In 2013, in my home State of Mon-
tana, over 15,000 men and women were patients at Planned Parenthood for ev-erything from affordable primary care to cancer screenings, to family plan-ning services. Four out of ten women who receive care at a title X-funded health care center consider it their only source of health care. Taking away this funding is political, short-sighted, and outright dangerous. Unfor-tunately, it is not their only attempt to rob women of their health care choices. As it sits now, next year’s U.S. House appropriations bill for Health and Human Services eliminates all of the title X family planning health clin-ics. While that is the kind of short-sightedness we have come to expect from the House in recent years, the Senate Labor-HHS appropriations bill isn’t much better because it signifi-cantly cuts title X funding. It cuts teen pregnancy prevention funding by 81 percent. In a large rural State like Montana, access to quality health care is always a serious challenge. Without a serious effort to recruit more doctors and nurses, we could soon be facing a crisis-level shortage of qualified med-
ical providers. 
This bill is designed to score political 
points, no doubt about it. It is cer-tainly not designed with women’s health or public health in mind. This is crazy. We need to be giving the Amer-ican people more options when it comes to their health care, not fewer. 
I would urge my colleagues to stop 
the political gaming and simply vote no on this bill. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, there 
comes a time in the history of nations when a civilized people must stand up and decide whether life is important, 
whether life is something special, and whether there is maybe something greater than just us that has to do with life. 
It sickens me to see what has been 
going on with Planned Parenthood. Some of my first memories of my chil-dren were the ultrasounds I saw before they were born. We still keep those. We now find out, though, that this tech-nology that can do wonders, that can save babies—now you can perform sur-gery in the uterus and the baby can survive. These same techniques are being used by Planned Parenthood to manipulate the baby into a position to harvest the baby’s organs. I think all America should be sickened by this. It should also trouble us if we are a soci-ety that is not sickened by this. 
I think the time has come to have a 
full-throated debate. The time has come to end all taxpayer funding for Planned Parenthood. Some will say: Well, where will people get their health care? We have 9,000 community health centers and 700 Planned Parenthood clinics. The only difference is abortion. In fact, you can get many things at a community health center you cannot get at Planned Parenthood, but the only thing you get at Planned Parent-hood that you cannot get anywhere else is an abortion. 
But this debate is not just about 
abortion; this debate is about little ba-bies who have not given their consent. 
It is about time we had a debate in 
our country about this, and it is about time we said enough is enough. The question is, Can a civilization long en-dure that does not respect life? Do we lose everything else that makes us human if we are unwilling to protect life? Can we stand up and defend our other rights if we are not willing to stand up and defend the most basic of rights? 
I come here today to ask my fellow 
Senators to vote to defund Planned Parenthood. I hope they will. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.061 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6225 August 3, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be permitted to have a colloquy with several Mem-bers on the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I 
would first like to enter into a col-loquy with Senator D
AINES . This is an 
issue which many of us here in this body feel extremely passionate about. We will talk about Planned Parenthood and what is going on and the basic issue of children. 
This has been spun multiple different 
ways, but really this is not about a lot of other issues other than one thing. This is about children—children who are recognizable outside of the womb, and once they have been carved up and set out on a table to be sold as parts, they can be plainly seen to be children. 
So my conversation today will circle 
around a little bit about what we are doing, where we are headed, what this vote this evening is all about, and what this debate is that should begin here in America about what happens with Planned Parenthood. 
So I would like to entertain a con-
versation with Senator D
AINES . 
Mr. DAINES. I thank the Senator 
from Oklahoma for having this col-loquy today because I do believe we are at a crossroads. With this vote we will have in about 20 minutes, we have a choice set before us, one that each one of us must make as a Senator and one that each American must make with us. 
With a ‘‘yes’’ vote—a ‘‘yes’’ vote is to 
defund Planned Parenthood—we reaf-firm our dedication to women’s health. In fact, we recommit every dollar made available to support things such as well-baby care, cervical and breast can-cer screening, prenatal and postpartum care, immunizations, family planning services, including contraception, sexu-ally transmitted disease testing, and relevant diagnostic, laboratory, and ra-diology services. 
This bill does not take a single dollar 
away from women’s health. I think it is very important, as we debate this de-cision in front of us, that we do not get caught up in rhetoric. Let’s get focused on the facts, on what this does and 
what it does not do. This is a vote about our culture. This is a vote about our ethics. Most importantly—and I say this as a daddy of four children, two boys and two girls—this is about the value of our children. 
Over the last few weeks, we have seen 
these videos. Americans have been hor-rified at high-level Planned Parent-hood executives who are callously dis-cussing the price of baby organs har-vested from the tiny bodies of aborted babies. In fact, just last week we wit-nessed an abortion doctor poking through the pieces of a tiny and broken body. He was pointing out the heart and lungs and discussing what each of them should cost when sold, meanwhile exclaiming it is a baby. We have heard so many arguments 
today: Well, this is about the woman’s body. We respect the body of the woman, and we want to make sure that 
the proper services are allowed to pro-tect a woman’s health. But this is not about the woman’s body. This is about a different body with a different DNA. This is about a little baby—a baby who now has a price not just on its head but on literally every part, as these videos exposed. 
When we place a price on the out-
come of the destruction of our chil-dren, we incentivize it. In another set-ting, we would call this price-per-speci-men arrangement a bounty scheme, be-cause with potential for such financial gain, there is little wonder why there are 149 abortions to every 1 adoption referral at these clinics—149 abortions to every 1 adoption referral at these clinics. 
The discussions we heard are not ex-
ceptions or even the actions of a single clinic. This is a systemic issue within Planned Parenthood. We heard direct testimony that clinics act in concert, with the consent of their corporate headquarters at Planned Parenthood, and that no single clinic acts alone. 
We learned that an overarching legal 
department works to build layers upon layers of defenses so that no one clinic is left holding the bag. Such a culture shows little regard for women’s health. This is a culture that has been em-broiled in a number of lawsuits about making false reimbursement claims to the Federal Government and helping to facilitate the covering up of sexual abuse and statutory rape. In fact, just last week a complaint was filed with the Colorado Department of Regu-latory Agencies against one of these clinics regarding a little 13-year-old girl who was sexually abused, had an abortion, and was returned to her abuser. No report was made by the clinic or the abortionist. Her parents were not contacted—all in violation of the laws of Colorado. 
So a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill supports 
this culture. It devalues both the woman and that tiny little baby, that child. 
We do have a choice today. We can 
work to change that culture if we choose to vote for women, if we would choose to vote yes, because a ‘‘yes’’ vote redirects—again, let’s get the facts straight here and separate them from the rhetoric—funds from Planned Parenthood and provides that money for women’s health services to the nu-merous community health centers. 
You heard Senator P
AUL talk about 
9,000 community clinics around the country versus 700 Planned Parenthood centers. It would provide these dollars to those clinics, to local clinics, to hos-pitals, to other providers that already serve the majority of women. 
I must tell you I was deeply dis-
turbed—as a daddy of four—with this most recent video where a doctor pokes around the aborted baby’s parts until she finds the legs, and she shouts and exclaims: It is another boy. There can be no denying what she 
was saying. We hear those words for the first time. I heard those words for the first time from a doctor during an ultrasound when Cindy and I were see-ing the doctor as we were pregnant or in that ecstatic phone call that comes from an expecting mom or as the new father takes that newborn son into his arms. That doctor was the same one to say: It is a baby. 
There is no doubt that this is what 
the little boy is; it is a baby. 
I cannot support an organization that 
would place a dollar amount on body parts. I cannot support an organization that would incentivize his death. That is why I will vote for this bill, and my vote will be a vote for women’s health. 
To be very clear, this bill won’t 
touch 1 cent of funding for women’s health—not 1 cent. That means that this vote is for one thing and one thing only. A ‘‘yes’’ vote is a vote for women. It is a vote for our children. I urge my colleagues: Let us vote for women. Let us vote for our children. Let us vote yes. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, this 
ongoing conversation has happened. I would like to be able to demonstrate what we are really up against and what this really looks like in practical terms. 
I brought a chart with me here for 
when we talk about women’s health be-cause there is an accusation that is sit-ting out there that this is about cut-ting off access to women’s health. The chart I have on the right shows all Planned Parenthood licensed mammo-gram facilities. They would be a dot on this map. If you were looking close at the map, you would see no dots on it. It is clear there is not a single one. The accusation is, over and over, that if women are going to get access to mam-mograms, they have to be able to get to Planned Parenthood. The dirty se-cret is they are referred to other loca-tions. They recommend that you go get a mammogram, but Planned Parent-hood doesn’t do any of them. On the left, these are the 8,000-plus facilities— the dots on the map here—where you can actually get a mammogram. We are talking about taking funding from a location that refers patients to the location that actually does the mam-mogram. 
This is about women’s health, but it 
is also about the health of children. I have a very difficult time talking about things such as early childhood education on this floor with individuals who are passionate about early child-hood education, but if that child was just a couple of years younger, they would have no issue with them being aborted and their body parts being sold. 
That is the same child. That is the 
same child whose early childhood edu-cation we are passionate about. That is the same child whom we are passionate about in the Women, Infants, and Chil-dren funding to make sure that they get proper nutrition at birth. That is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.063 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6226 August 3, 2015 
the same child. The only difference be-
tween the child in the womb and the child who is a preschooler is time. We just think it is important in this in-credibly divisive issue of abortion that we treat this seriously as a nation. 
What has happened in the last couple 
of weeks with the Planned Parenthood video coming out is that for the first time in a long time, this is not an in-visible thing that is happening some-where in secret. Now it is something that is actually happening where peo-ple can see it. I think our culture, for the first time in a while, is having to slow down and deal with the reality of this: Is it possible that this culture has been wrong, that this really is a child? 
I spoke last week to a friend of mine. 
His child was born a year ago at 14 ounces. So 14 ounces was the birth weight. The child was born very, very premature. Their child is now 14 pounds, a year later, and doing ex-tremely well. That 14-ounce child is a child that everyone sees now, but that 14-ounce child is exactly what Planned Parenthood was harvesting, was turn-ing in the womb so they could crush the head to be able to gather the or-gans to be able to sell them. 
As a culture, we have to deal with 
this one simple reality. That child is important. This is not about Cecil the lion. This is not about whales at SeaWorld. This is about children. 
Maybe we as a culture should slow 
down and be able to answer that one simple question and at least for this moment with Planned Parenthood to say this to an organization where there are a couple of things that are hanging over them right now that are very seri-ous. One is that it is not legal under Federal law to sell parts of a human for profit. Now, it is still yet to be deter-mined what was done. But it is also not legal to be able to change the timing, procedure or method of an abortion to be able to gather organs to be sold. That is very clear in Federal law as well. 
So if the method is changed, if the 
timing is changed, if the procedure has changed, specifically to harvest organs, that is not legal. In the videos, over and over you hear doctors talking about how they changed the method, how they used the ultrasound to turn the child around, how they used a dif-ferent technique than they would have normally done because they wanted to be able to gather these organs for sale. 
Those are serious accusations. These 
are children—children. We think it is entirely reasonable to say let’s take the funding that has been committed to Planned Parenthood, which is the single largest abortion provider in the country—40 percent of their revenue comes from the Federal taxpayer, 40 percent. Let’s take that funding and let’s commit it to organizations that do full women’s health—mammograms, testing, contraceptives, and the works—not just recommending it to others and also do abortions, but we would commit it to those individuals. With that, I yield to the Senator 
from Louisiana in this colloquy. I see my colleague from California as well. I think she would also like to have a mo-ment in our colloquy. 
Would the Senator like to be able to 
speak for a moment in our colloquy? 
Mrs. BOXER. Yes, I was going to ask 
unanimous consent that following my friend from Louisiana I be given 2 min-utes. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Could we just swap 
and go straight to the Senator now? Would that be appropriate? 
Mrs. BOXER. Whatever the Senator 
wants. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Let’s do that then. I have a unanimous consent for an 
ongoing colloquy, and I would be pleased to have the Senator join this conversation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. I thank my friend from 
Oklahoma for his generosity here. I tell him that I would really rather work with him on transportation. 
I gave birth to two premature kids, 
and I just don’t like lectures from men about what it is like—and thank God they made it. 
I am pro-choice. I just have to say 
that using pregnancy as a political football doesn’t sit well with the people I represent and the people of this coun-try. 
We have to respect one another. I re-
spect your view entirely. I am asking you to respect mine. Keep Uncle Sam out of my private life, and that of my children, my grandkids, and yours. 
Families will make these decisions 
with their God and their doctor. Nine-ty-seven percent of the work Planned Parenthood does has nothing to do with abortion. It is primary health care. 
I have to say that in 2011 Republicans 
threatened to shut down the govern-ment if Planned Parenthood wasn’t defunded. I heard my friend from Wash-ington, P
ATTY MURRAY , say they were 
serious. They were going to shut down the government to deny health care to 2.7 million women and men every year—for some of them, basic health care. 
I will show you a particular person, 
Doreen from California, who said: 
I went to Planned Parenthood and I talked 
to the clinician. . . . She gave me a referral to a breast care center where I had a mam-mogram and a biopsy [and] was ultimately diagnosed with breast cancer. . . . I was scheduled for a lumpectomy in about two weeks. 
That woman could have died, and you 
say: Go to community health care cen-ters. First, I find it ironic because they were set up in ObamaCare and all of you voted no on ObamaCare. We ex-panded community health centers. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a 
letter from the community health care center association in California. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: CALIFORNIA PRIMARY CARE 
ASSOCIATION , 
July 30, 2015. 
Hon. B ARBARA BOXER , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSENATOR BOXER : The California Pri-
mary Care Association has recently become aware of new legislation by Senator Joni Ernst that would redirect federal funding from Planned Parenthood to other health care providers. The purported goal of such legislation is to prevent a decrease in federal funding for women’s health services, while eliminating Planned Parenthood as a health care provider. 
As the state-wide representatives of com-
munity clinics and health centers in Cali-fornia, who serve 5.6 million patients annu-ally, we believe this action would negatively impact the health of our community. 
Planned Parenthood currently operates 115 
health centers in California and serves near-ly 800,000 patients through 1.5 million en-counters annually. Eliminating Planned Par-enthood from our state’s comprehensive net-work of care would put untenable stress on remaining providers. We do not have the ca-pacity for such an increase in care and build-ing such capacity would require significant capital investment on par with the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act expan-sion. 
Even then, the legislation would still 
eliminate patient’s ability to choose the pro-vider with which they feel most comfortable. Planned Parenthood is seen by many as women’s health centric, which provides their patients with a level of comfort that cannot be easily duplicated. The women’s health focus allows them to be a provider of choice to hundreds of thousands of women who seek out a variety of services that include well woman exams, breast exams, birth control and sexually transmitted disease testing. 
In 2013 alone, Planned Parenthood con-
ducted 733,641 tests for Chlamydia—the lead-ing cause of preventable infertility—that re-sulted in 37,014 positive results and follow-up treatment. 
Planned Parenthood is a vital component 
of the health care system in California and for that reason, we are opposed to legislation that will diminish their capacity to provide care in our state. We respectfully request that you oppose this legislation. 
Sincerely, 
A
NDIE MARTINEZ PATTERSON , MPP, 
Director of Government Affairs. 
They say they cannot take any more 
patients. They cannot take those 800,000 patients. 
So they say to the women: Go to the 
community health care centers. They voted against ObamaCare, which ex-panded the community health care cen-ters, and the health care centers are saying no, they are sorry, they cannot do it. Planned Parenthood does a great job. 
So this is a continuation of the Re-
publican war on women. I hope we will defeat this ill-considered bill that is about to come our way. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I 
wish to be able to continue this con-versation because it is extremely im-portant that we continue this as a na-tion. 
I wish to make a couple of comments 
to you as well. 
I am a dad with two daughters. I had 
something to do with the birth as well 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.064 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6227 August 3, 2015 
and was also there. I was there during 
the sonograms. My wife and I are ex-tremely close. As a dad of two daugh-ters, I am very passionate—not only about my own wife but about my mom, who is a cancer survivor. She is a mul-tiple-time cancer survivor. I am pas-sionate about my daughters having every single opportunity. So this is im-portant to us as well. This is not just a women’s issue. This is a men’s issue as well because this is a family issue, and families are extremely important to all of us. 
But I would say that community 
health centers don’t serve 3.2 million people, like Planned Parenthood. Com-munity health centers serve 23 million people around the country. There are around 650 Planned Parenthood loca-tions around the country. There are 9,000 community health centers around the country. The Planned Parenthood facilities refer people to go get breast cancer screenings. The community health centers actually do that testing there. They actually do the mammo-grams there and not just say that you should get one. 
So this is about women’s health. It is 
also about the efficiency of what we are going to be about. 
I would also say one other thing on 
this issue about ObamaCare and the community health centers. The com-munity health centers were funded under ObamaCare, but they long preexisted before ObamaCare. Commu-nity health centers are not an inven-tion of ObamaCare. There was a section of ObamaCare that funded some of them an additional amount, but they have been around for decades and dec-ades. They are an extremely efficient form of health care, especially to those on Medicaid. 
I yield to my friend and fellow Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I am a 
physician, a doctor. For the last 25 years, I have worked in hospitals for the uninsured. So when my friend from California mentions the need to ensure access for those who might not other-wise afford it, that is what I have been attempting to do in my medical prac-tice for the last 25 years. 
As a practicing physician, one of the 
first things you are taught in medical school is ‘‘first, do no harm.’’ Trag-ically, these videos demonstrate that some do not share that perspective. 
When patients see their doctors, they 
want an honest, objective opinion. But what the video suggests is that Planned Parenthood puts profits and special interests before the women who call on them for their advice. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator should be advised that the time for the vote, scheduled for 5:30, has ar-rived. He can ask unanimous consent for additional time if he so wishes. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Oh, is it 5:30 now? I 
am sorry. I ask unanimous consent for another 2 minutes? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASSIDY. Now, again, for 30 
years, I have been working to get health care for folks, and I think it is important we ensure access for women to health care. 
Currently, Planned Parenthood gets 
$500 million in Federal funding per year. If we redirect this funding to the community health centers, which I have worked with for 30 years, their health can be better served. 
There are two Planned Parenthood 
facilities in Louisiana, and there are 160 community health centers. The two Planned Parenthood offices, one in New Orleans and one in Baton Rouge, are in the southeastern portion of the State. The community health centers are scattered all over the State, and, again, there are 160 of those. 
For every American who is troubled 
by these videos, we should be equally troubled by the fact that the Planned Parenthood provision of health care is geographically centered in some areas but not as broadly as the community health centers. 
I will also point out, as a physician, 
that the Planned Parenthood model of care is outdated. We now talk about clinics which are medical homes, not which are siloed into only the provi-sion of birth control pills and, in the case of Planned Parenthood, abortion. The community health centers can pro-vide the whole range of services includ-ing those for diabetes, hypertension, et cetera. 
It is time for Congress to act. I ask 
my colleagues to support this redis-tribution of money, sending it closer to where those patients live, to better en-sure a woman’s access to health care, and to address the troubling issues raised by these videos. 
I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for 1 additional minute. 
Mrs. BOXER. Reserving the right to 
object, I will not object if Senator B
LUMENTHAL can respond with 1 
minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Iowa. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, the 
question before us today is clear: Who do we want to be as a nation? 
It is hard for anyone to defend these 
morally reprehensible videos as Planned Parenthood callously har-vested the organs of unborn babies to be sold at a price. The American peo-ple, Republicans and Democrats alike, are horrified by the blatant disregard and utter lack of compassion shown by Planned Parenthood for these women and their babies. 
It is wrong. The American people 
know it, and they should not be asked to foot part of the bill. We can no longer turn a blind eye. This is human 
life, and Planned Parenthood, the Na-tion’s single largest provider of abor-tion services, is harvesting baby body parts. 
Before you now is a critical oppor-
tunity to vote for legislation that will protect the most vulnerable in our so-ciety and fund women’s health. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
am tempted to say there they go again, because we have seen this attack on women’s health care again and again and again. It is a very weak excuse to defund Planned Parenthood. 
We know 97 percent of Planned Par-
enthood’s activities have nothing to do with abortion. Let’s stand strong for women’s health care to protect women against cancer, against hepatitis, against sexually transmitted diseases. Eighty percent of Planned Parent-hood’s clients have nowhere else to go for those vital services. We will not tol-erate this attack on women’s health care under the guise of stopping abor-tion. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I am 
grateful for this conversation about children. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, what is 
regular order at this point? 
Parliamentary inquiry. What is the 
regular order? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reg-
ular order is that all time has expired. 
Mr. LANKFORD. I would advise my 
colleague from California I have a unanimous consent request under rule XXII. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the mandatory quorum call under rule XXII be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays 
before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to S. 1881, a bill to prohibit Federal funding of Planned Parenthood Fed-eration of America. 
Mitch McConnell, James M. Inhofe, Rand 
Paul, Pat Roberts, Ben Sasse, James Lankford, Joni Ernst, Daniel Coats, Cory Gardner, Steve Daines, Roger F. Wicker, Johnny Isakson, Lindsey Gra-ham, Michael B. Enzi, Jerry Moran, Tim Scott, John Cornyn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to S. 1881, a bill to prohibit Federal funding of Planned Parenthood 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.066 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6228 August 3, 2015 
Federation of America, shall be 
brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G RA-
HAM) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 53, 
nays 46, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 262 Leg.] 
YEAS—53 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee Manchin McCain Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp 
Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Graham 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 53, the nays are 46. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
enter a motion to reconsider the vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is entered. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING ACT OF 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to S. 754. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 28, 
S. 754, a bill to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cyberse-curity threats, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to calendar No. 28, S. 754, an original bill to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, James 
Lankford, Roger F. Wicker, John McCain, Richard C. Shelby, Tom Cot-ton, Marco Rubio, Susan M. Collins, John Thune, Daniel Coats; Richard Burr, Pat Roberts, John Barrasso, James E. Risch, Orrin G. Hatch, Roy Blunt. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I will be 
brief. 
I understand why our colleagues 
want to respond in some way to the horrendous hack at the Office of Per-sonnel Management. I wish to say to my colleagues that it needs to be a re-sponse that is going to work. My con-cern is that this bill, in its present form, will create more problems than it solves, and it would be a mistake to bring it up without agreeing to an in-clusive process for considering relevant amendments. 
I appreciate that the sponsors of the 
bill have been working on a managers’ amendment to address some of the very serious concerns that have been raised. My own view is that the bill needs a lot more work. For example, the man-agers’ amendment does not fix the pro-vision of this bill that will allow pri-vate companies to hand over large vol-umes of their customers’ personal in-formation to the Government with only a cursory review, even if that in-formation is not necessary for cyber se-curity. 
Cyber security experts and privacy 
advocates have been raising concerns about these issues for many months. They state that they have sent some-thing like 6 million communications to the Hill in the last few days. 
For me, the bottom line is that the 
legislation, as it stands today, doesn’t do a whole lot to protect U.S. networks against sophisticated hacks, and it will do a lot to undermine the privacy rights of the American people. 
I see the distinguished senior Senator 
from California here, and I know she has a different view. My colleague from North Carolina is here. I look forward to working with both of them and the Senate and hope that we will have an inclusive debate that will ensure that all sides get a chance to raise their concerns. 
Cyber security is a very real problem 
in America. My constituents have been hacked. In fact, the Chinese were in-
dicted for hacking my constituents. In-formation sharing can play a valuable role. Yet information sharing without vigorous and robust privacy safeguards will be seen by the American people as a surveillance bill. That is a fact. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Ohio. 
DRINKING WATER PROTECTION ACT  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I have 
come back to the floor again this after-noon to plead with my colleagues to pass legislation that deals with the toxic algal blooms that affect many of our States, including my State of Ohio. 
It turns out this is the 1-year anni-
versary of the water crisis that oc-curred in Toledo, OH. I see my col-league from Ohio is now on the floor also. He will remember this well. But it was a year ago when we found that there were toxic algal blooms around the intake valve in Toledo, OH, making the water unsuitable. There was an ad-visory sent out to 500,000 people that said: Do not drink the water. 
You can imagine the chaos that oc-
curred. You can imagine how difficult this was for the people who live in the Toledo area, who rely on this water. By the way, there are about 3 million Ohioans who rely on Lake Erie water and more than twice that many around the country and in other States, such as Michigan. 
This is a critical issue. Last week it 
turned out that there were algal blooms that were moving within a few miles of this same intake valve—the same kind of blue-green toxic algal blooms. I was on the lake the weekend before last to see some of this. Within a couple of days, the city of Toledo changed the city’s water quality status from ‘‘clear’’ to ‘‘watch.’’ We are on a ‘‘watch’’ status right now because of the amounts of toxins that have drifted closer to the intake valve. 
We have a problem right now. We 
know that the toxic algal blooms pre-diction for this year in Lake Erie is projected to be worse than it was last year, almost as bad as it was during another crisis period in 2011, when a lot of the beaches were closed down and people weren’t able to take their pets to the water and when fishing was pret-ty much shut down because of the algal blooms. This is a huge issue. It is an economic development issue. It is a health and safety issue. It is an issue that goes to the heart of the economy in this part of Ohio where we have rel-atively high unemployment and where Lake Erie is the single biggest driver of economic activity. In fact, it is the big-gest destination in the State of Ohio. It is our biggest resource for tourism. 
It is not just Lake Erie. We now have 
this in Grand Lake St. Marys. There is an advisory out on water in Grand Lake St. Marys, which is a reservoir that is inland that is a freshwater res-ervoir south of Lake Erie. It is the same thing—toxic algal blooms. We had a lot of rain earlier this spring and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.069 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6229 August 3, 2015 
summer, as those of us in the Midwest 
will remember, and that washed a lot of effluent into the lakes, a lot of ni-trogen, a lot of phosphorous—the things that cause algal blooms to grow. Then we had some hot weather. That is a bad combination. 
Again, I see my colleague Senator 
B
ROWN is on the floor too. We drafted 
legislation to get the EPA more en-gaged in this issue, to help Ohio more, and to help all of the States rep-resented here. 
We have had this legislation on the 
floor of the Senate for over 40 days—45 days, I think. We have had it cleared on both sides of the aisle. In other words, there is no substantive concern about it. It took a while to do that. 
We had to work with some people on 
my side of the aisle who thought maybe EPA didn’t have a role here. But EPA does have a role. It is a really important role. It can bring best prac-tices, and it certainly can bring the best research done in the country. It happens to be done in Cincinnati, among other places, at EPA. We have required EPA under this legislation to come up with a plan to deal with this issue immediately for Lake Erie, work-ing with the other agencies, such as USGS, NOAA, or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and USDA, and to come up with a plan that helps us to deal with this issue right now. 
If you live in the Toledo area this 
evening, you are worried. There is a watch on. Once again, you are worried that you are not going to have water supply that is safe for you and your kids. If you live somewhere else along the lake—say, in Cleveland or San-dusky—you are worried too because these same toxic algal blooms know no barriers, know no boundaries, and they move around the lake. 
All we are asking tonight is that we 
be able to pass legislation that is straightforward, that is nonpartisan. It is not just bipartisan. I would say it is nonpartisan. It is very sensible, and it highlights the need for us to take im-mediate action because it talks about some of the issues that are involved. 
There are 42 water systems in Ohio 
that are now susceptible to harmful algal blooms, for instance. It talks about the fact that we have to be sure that we are not just protecting Lake Erie but other bodies of freshwater, and it forces the EPA to come up with a plan that helps us deal with this issue right now. 
This legislation passed the House al-
ready. It didn’t just pass the House; it passed the House with a vote of 375 to 37. Not many pieces of legislation pass the House with those kinds of numbers. Again, Senator B
ROWN and I have been 
trying for more than 4 months to get that House-passed bill passed here in the Senate. We have worked through the substantive problems. I tried to do this on Thursday evening, and I was told I had to stop and I was going to get blocked from doing it because the other side had other legislation they 
wanted to consider that had not been passed in the House—much less passed in the House 375 to 37. 
If we pass this legislation tonight 
and if we are able to get it through with a voice vote and get it done, it will go to the President and he will sign it. In other words, it will become law. That is what the people I rep-resent are looking for. 
Again, I notice my colleague Senator 
B
ROWN is on the floor. If he is inter-
ested, I would certainly yield to him. Any comments he has, I would appre-ciate hearing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. I will be brief and turn 
it back to Senator P
ORTMAN . 
We worked on this issue for a long 
time. We remember what happened with algal blooms 4 years ago. We re-member just last year—1 year ago—in August, 500,000 people in northwest Ohio didn’t have drinking water. Imag-ine what that does to a community for 2
1⁄2, 3 days. 
We know that the Western Basin of 
Lake Erie is the shallowest part of any of the Great Lakes—only 30 feet deep in the Western Basin. Contrast that with Lake Superior, where 600 feet deep is the average. You can see the vulner-ability of Lake Erie and what it means. Whether it is from runoff, whether it is from agriculture and homeowners and commercial and industrial establish-ments, the Maumee River Basin is the largest river feeding any of the Great Lakes. Whether it is coming together on climate change and heating of the water and all the issues that affect the short term and long term, our legisla-tion will help us this year and help us the next couple of years. We obviously need long-term solutions. This is crit-ical. 
I called the mayor of Toledo today, 
and I know Senator P
ORTMAN is work-
ing with the city, the county, the State EPA, and the U.S. EPA on this. This is very crucial for people in our State and ultimately throughout the Great Lakes as these problems proliferate. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I 
thank my colleague from Ohio for his good work on this bill. He helped to im-prove this legislation and make it more effective. It is about having the EPA play a bigger role on not only how we monitor but also how we treat the water and how we establish when there is a problem. This is needed, it is need-ed now, and it is immediate. 
This is a photograph that was taken 
about 8 days ago—not this past week but the weekend before—on the lake. The jar in the photograph was col-lected by the charter boat captain. He is actually one of the charter boat cap-tains who go out every day and collect samples that are then used by the ex-perts to determine not just where the algal blooms are but the level of tox-icity. This is what we found. As you 
can see, that doesn’t look very appe-tizing. It is thick and green. It is filled 
with the kinds of toxins that can affect people in very negative ways if they get in the drinking water. We know that people are getting rashes right now from some other freshwater res-ervoirs in our area, from being in con-tact with the water. 
If we don’t deal with this issue, we 
know we are going to have more of this. We know it has already cost our communities a lot to mitigate it. In Grand Lake St. Marys, as I mentioned earlier, they have already shut down some of the beaches because of this. The city of Celina spends $450,000 annu-ally to deal with this. So this is also a taxpayer issue. Columbus was recently forced to spend $700,000 to mitigate an outbreak in their reservoir. This is happening right now as we speak. 
We just want this legislation to be 
out there as one of the tools in the toolbox to deal with it, and it is a very sensible one. It gets the EPA engaged in a way so that Republicans and Democrats in both the House and Sen-ate can agree on it. Let’s get this done tonight. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 212 
Mr. President, I ask that we get this 
legislation done now by asking unani-mous consent that the Senate proceed to H.R. 212, which is at the desk, and that the bill be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage of the bill with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
reserving the right to object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, we 
have been through this before, so I think the Senator from Ohio knows what I am going to say. The bill he pro-poses to go forward on these terms has been paired by our side with the Na-tional Estuary Program, which, like his bill, is bipartisan and, like his bill, is not controversial. It has been passed over and over again by the Senate. In-deed, I think it was originally the work of Republican Senator John Chafee of Rhode Island. It has been passed by the House over and over again. This is a re-authorization. If we clear it through the House, it will go to the President for signing. 
Our bill came through the Environ-
ment and Public Works Committee in regular order, whereas this came over from the House, was held at the desk, was never reviewed by the committee of jurisdiction, and is now being hotlined, which is fine except that I un-derstand it to be a tradition around here that we compare noncontroversial bills. 
I don’t understand. Our bill, the estu-
ary bill, is noncontroversial also. Our bill is also bipartisan. It is the work of Senator V
ITTER , who is the chairman 
of the committee. Why is there this ef-fort week after week to separate the two rather than just pass them both? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.074 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6230 August 3, 2015 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 212 AND S . 
1523 
So I ask that the Senator amend his 
unanimous consent request to read as follows: I ask unanimous consent that the EPW Committee be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 212, which is the Drinking Water Protec-tion Act, a bill to provide for the as-sessment and management of the risk of algal toxins in drinking water, and S. 1523, a bill to reauthorize the Na-tional Estuary Program; further, that the Senate proceed to their immediate consideration en bloc, the Senate pro-ceed to vote on passage of the bills, and the motions to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
If the Senator will agree to that so 
that the pairing is maintained, then I will have no objection. If he will not agree to it, then I must object because I don’t know why these bills are being repeatedly taken apart. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the 
Senator from Ohio modify his request? 
Mr. PORTMAN. No, I can’t modify 
my request because his bill has not cleared, and he knows that. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to the original request? 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. There is. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Look, this is ridicu-
lous. We have a health and safety issue on the floor of the Senate that is ready to go. You just heard from me and Sen-ator B
ROWN . It is bipartisan, bicameral, 
and is ready to go to the President. 
I must say to my friend the Senator 
from Rhode Island, who talked about his legislation, that I have no problem with his legislation, but he hasn’t had it cleared. The Senator said this has been going on for weeks and weeks, and that is not true. This came onto our radar screen on Thursday night of last week when, after over 40 days on the floor with our bill, we got it all cleared, and then we found out just prior to my going and asking to have a voice vote on it that now they want to pair it with another piece of legislation that has nothing to do with health and safety. It is a reauthorization of a pro-gram that has not been passed by the House. The Senator from Rhode Island said it has been passed by the House. It has not been passed by the House. It may have been passed by the House in a previous Congress, but that doesn’t count. What counts is that our bill passed the House with a vote of 375 to 37, and it is now on the floor. 
The people I represent deserve to 
have our government work for them right now to help deal with this algal bloom problem, and they are blocking my bill with legislation they say is nonpartisan and noncontroversial? 
I am happy to support their bill. In 
fact, what I did last week when I found out about it on Thursday was I started clearing it for them because they hadn’t done it. I put it in the clearance process. As of today, there are some 
concerns on my side of the aisle. No-body has seen it yet. They are seeing it for the first time. We went out of ses-sion right after I started clearing it, and we are back in session now and people are looking at it. I am happy to support the Senator’s bill, but the Sen-ator from Rhode Island shouldn’t block our bill because they are looking for me to support their bill. I am happy to support their bill but not if it is going to keep us from moving forward to-night. I can’t agree to pair it because there will be an objection because peo-ple haven’t had a chance to look at it. I know the committee sometimes likes to pair legislation. They don’t always pair legislation, by the way. 
I think it is ridiculous that we can’t 
move forward on a very simple piece of legislation that we worked on for over 40 days. And everybody is fine with it. There are no substantive problems. It is a health-and-safety issue. Let’s go ahead with this. In this instance, let’s put partisanship aside. 
I support the Senator’s bill. I will 
support his bill. I will vote for his bill. I will continue to try to clear it even though they didn’t clear it. I am the one trying to clear it. I don’t know if they have even cleared it on their side. I don’t know if they even put it in the process yet. But obviously you have to do that in order for this to happen. 
I am amazed that we are going to ac-
tually stop legislation that is needed right now for legislation that has not passed the House, is not going to the President for his signature, and is not due to an imminent health-and-safety issue. 
The Federal Government is not going 
to be there for the people in northern Ohio and throughout our State who are worried about the algal blooms right now, because of some disagreement on the floor of this Chamber where at the very last minute Democrats stepped forward and said: No, we are not going to let this bipartisan bill go forward because we want to insist that it be paired with one that has not gone through the clearance process. 
I commit to my friend that I will 
support his bill. I have had a chance to look at it over the weekend. I am OK with it. But it has not been cleared, and it is not going to go to the Presi-dent for signature. 
The House of Representatives is not 
in session this week, so even if by some miracle they could get their bill cleared here, they can’t get it cleared by the House because the House is out of session. They are coming back in September. We are in session. We can get this done. We can send it to the President. We can let people know they can sleep a little more comfortably at night, with a little more peace of mind, knowing that we have actually taken action here to get this expert agency that deals with water quality engaged and involved to help the local folks, the State folks, and experts back home to be able to do the right thing so they can avoid another water crisis and all 
of the issues Senator B
ROWN and I saw 
when we were up there. 
I went up with bottles of water, 
threw them in the back of my pickup, and they were gone like that. Why? Families were desperate to be sure they had water for their kids. Mothers were desperate to make sure they had water to be able to ensure that their families weren’t going to be left with-out access to what is perhaps the most important thing any of us can imagine, which is clean water one can drink and use for cooking. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 212 
I again ask unanimous consent that 
my colleague yield and that we allow this bill to go forward. I ask unani-mous consent that the Senate proceed to H.R. 212, which is at the desk, that the bill be read a third time, and that the Senate vote on passage of the bill with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I am sorry to hear 
that. I will be back again tomorrow and the next day. I will be back again and again because we want to get this done. This is simple. There is no real mystery here. This is an opportunity to get something done that helps people not just in my State but around the country deal with a very real problem they are facing this summer, now. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
may I suggest to my friend the Senator from Ohio that if he is going to keep coming back every day, it might be productive if during the course of the day he were to get his side to clear the paired piece of legislation, which, as I 
have said, is bipartisan. His colleague Senator V
ITTER , for instance, is the co- 
author of it. It has cleared the EPW Committee, which is chaired and run by the Republicans now. If their side isn’t aware of this bill, it came through regular order through the committee that they run. If their side isn’t aware of this bill—it has been sitting over here ever since it cleared the com-mittee. All they have to do is clear it, and we will be done. 
So perhaps if the Senator will put his 
effort into clearing a noncontroversial, bipartisan bill that for decades has been passed and reauthorized by this body, then we can move forward. It should be a fairly easy task. I would be very happy to support him in any way I can. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. So this is all about 
leverage—to leverage me to be able to help you on your bill, which I told you I support, in order for us to get some-thing done that has been on the floor for over 40 days. 
Look, I am happy to talk to my col-
leagues. I am the one who started 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.076 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6231 August 3, 2015 
clearing this on our side of the aisle. 
You guys didn’t. I am happy to talk to colleagues who have concerns. But they get a chance to look at it, just as you had a chance to look at our bill over the last 45 days. 
So if this is all about leverage, you 
got me. You have leveraged me. You have already done it. You have suc-ceeded. I already started clearing it. I support it. I am happy to help, and I am sure Senator B
ROWN is happy to 
help also, but let’s not block this in the meantime. 
We will be able to get your bill done; 
I am sure of it. I am sure, if it is as popular as you say it is, we can get it done in the House too. It has not cleared the House at this point. In the meantime, let’s not block this legisla-tion. This is ridiculous. This is not the way this Senate ought to operate. 
We have a smart bill on the floor 
that has been looked at over 40 days. It is ready to go. It has been cleared by both sides. There are no substantive concerns. And it is time that we deliver for the people we represent. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
respect the Senator from Ohio greatly. I know this lake is important to him. We are a State that is wrapped around the estuary, Narragansett Bay, and that, too, is important to us. If my friend is sure, as he just said, that this bill will clear on his side, then I urge him to please go ahead and clear it, and let’s clear this unnecessary block-age and move both good bills forward. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas. 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, just a 
short time ago, the Senate rejected leg-islation that would promote and pro-tect women’s health and protect the lives of unborn children. The legisla-tion introduced by Senator J
ONIERNST  
would deny the Nation’s largest abor-tion provider taxpayer funding and shift that funding to local health orga-nizations to provide necessary health care and medical treatment for women. 
This issue arises once more after the 
release of several undercover videos that successively have become more gruesome than the last. The videos of Planned Parenthood that have been re-leased so far reveal the breadth of in-stitutionalized disregard for human life at its earliest stages. 
At the basic level of decency, we are 
repulsed by these videos because science and reason inform our con-sciences and lead us to the inescapable conclusion that lives are being ended through this exploitation. If individual organs and tissues can be harvested from aborted babies, it is impossible to make the case that this is not a human life that is being destroyed. Why do we place more value on the parts and the pieces of a human life than the life as a whole? In one of those videos, Planned Par-
enthood’s senior director of medical services noted: ‘‘We’ve been very good at getting heart, lung, and liver, be-cause we know that, so I’m not gonna crush that part, I’m going to basically crush below, I’m gonna crush above, and I’m gonna see if I can get it all in-tact.’’ 
Another Planned Parenthood official 
in another video—this one from Cali-fornia—said this: 
It’s been years since I talked about com-
pensation, so let me just figure out what others are getting. If this is in the ballpark, it’s fine. If it’s still low, then we can bump it up. I still want my Lamborghini. 
These words by two different officials 
in two different settings reflect a view that unborn children are nothing more than a commodity to be exploited and abused and they seemingly would do that for material gain. Is this where we would want our scarce tax dollars to go? In fact, if we had an abundance, is this a place we would want those dol-lars to go? 
Critics contend that the videos are 
heavily edited. Yet the videos have been released in their entirety and the transcripts of the full conversations have been provided. It is telling that despite full access to what was dis-cussed, these critics have not been able to justify their grotesque practices being described, nor the inappropriate tone adopted with regard to selling tis-sues and organs of an unborn child. 
This isn’t news. We have long known 
of the hundreds of thousands of abor-tions Planned Parenthood performs each year. If we can only avert our eyes and look the other way, as critics would have us do, we can avoid what is obscene and hugely uncomfortable. That can no longer happen. Light needs to be shed on an organization that de-stroys human lives while hiding behind the veil of women’s health services. 
It is alarming that Politico reports 
that Planned Parenthood’s public rela-tions firm is requesting that members of the media refrain from airing the videos that expose the truth of Planned Parenthood practices. We cannot allow atrocities such as this to be swept under the rug because of the power this organization wields. 
Kansans have long made it clear they 
don’t want their tax dollars contrib-uting to abortion providers, and I have worked to make their voices heard in Washington. Taxpayers should not fear that their money is going to fund ac-tions they find sincerely and seriously morally wrong. This legislation would prevent taxpayer dollars from funding Planned Parenthood, allowing our tax-payers peace of mind and a sense of morality that their hard-earned money is not facilitating something they abhor. 
Instead, S. 1881 would reallocate the 
funds Planned Parenthood receives through grants back into their commu-nities. The money would go to local health care providers that offer impor-tant women’s health services, allowing them to care for more women in their 
communities. By distributing the funds Planned Parenthood currently receives through a grant process to community health centers, we can increase the number of women’s health care pro-viders instead of funding a contentious organization that ends life. In fact, in our State, there are two offices of Planned Parenthood, but there are 50 community health centers. It would ac-tually be more available. Women would have more access to health care serv-ices if the money was provided through community health centers. We are a rural State and only through that proc-ess would many women be able to ac-cess this service. Hard-working Ameri-cans—our constituents—deserve to have their taxpayer dollars going to-ward local community centers and county health departments, places that value life instead of destroying it. 
Women deserve affordable health 
care, and it is being provided by a num-ber of organizations that have nothing to do with abortion. We can and should support these health providers and we can and should protect the unborn. We can do both. S. 1881 would be a signifi-cant step, an important step, in accom-plishing both of those goals, and I be-lieve it should have passed with broad support. 
Though I am deeply disappointed by 
the result of tonight’s vote, I remain hopeful for a solution that will advance the life and health of both mother and child. In fact, as science improves our understanding of the unborn and the practices of abortion providers are fur-ther exposed, I think a solution will be inevitable. 
Unfortunately, that time apparently 
has not yet come, but I and others will remain focused on this goal. I encour-age my colleagues in the Senate to act appropriately to do the same. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
HONORING VIETNAM VETERANS AND NORTH DA -
KOTA ’S SOLDIERS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN  
VIETNAM  
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I rise 
to speak again about the 198 North Da-kotans who died during the Vietnam war. In a moment I will speak about some of the things I have learned about who they are. 
I also wish to thank Vietnam vet-
erans who have served our State and our country, and one of those Vietnam veterans is Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Wefald of Bismarck. 
The year Bob graduated from the 
University of North Dakota, he en-listed in the Navy. He served 3 years on Active Duty during the conflict in Vietnam. In Bob’s 2010 autobiography titled ‘‘Moments,’’ he wrote: ‘‘Going to WESTPAC and Vietnam was the big-gest and most intense experience of my 27 years in the Navy.’’ After his Active- Duty service, Bob continued to serve his country in the Naval Reserve. 
In 1970, Bob began law school at the 
University of Michigan and saw his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.078 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6232 August 3, 2015 
classmates being drafted to serve in 
Vietnam. As a part of the university’s student board of governors, Bob led the movement for the dean to promise to allow drafted students to return to law school after completing their service. 
While in Michigan, Bob met and mar-
ried the love of his life, Susan. They moved to Bismarck, ND, and spent their careers and even now their retire-ment in public service. 
Bob’s first job after law school was 
clerking for the North Dakota Supreme Court. He later worked in private prac-tice as an attorney. In 1981, he was elected North Dakota’s Attorney Gen-eral. I have him to thank for appoint-ing me as assistant attorney general in the tax department and for fighting for me to earn a decent wage while I was in that position. Bob made me say that. 
In 1998, Bob was elected as a district 
court judge and served there until his retirement in 2010. While working, Bob and Susan, who was North Dakota’s public service commissioner for 16 years, raised three children. Through-out their careers, and now, Bob and Susan have both volunteered to serve on many boards and organizations throughout our State, including the Boys and Girls Scouts, the American Legion, and Boys State. 
Bob was the spark that lit the fire in 
making two significant military projects a reality for North Dakota. One was establishing a State veterans cemetery and the other was having a Navy ship named after North Dakota— the USS North Dakota . Both ideas be-
came a reality. For over 20 years, the vets cemetery outside my community of Mandan has been a beautiful resting place for those who gave so much to our country. In 2013, I had the honor of attending the 2013 christening of the USS North Dakota , and I could see 
Bob’s involvement in every thoughtful detail. 
Bob is an example of a true public 
servant. Thank you, Bob, for your con-tinued drive and your dedication to service. North Dakota loves and appre-ciates you. 
Bob also wanted to make a point to 
publicly recognize other people’s serv-ice and sacrifice. One of Bob’s Univer-sity of North Dakota Sigma Chi Fra-ternity brothers, Bill Potter served in the Air Force and died serving in the Vietnam war. Bob regularly writes about Bill to encourage others to re-member and honor Bill. 
Now I am going to conclude my se-
ries of speeches on the floor of the U.S. Senate by remembering Bill Potter, as well as other North Dakotans who died during the Vietnam war. Today is the last of my weekly trips to the Senate floor to talk about the men from our State who died during the war. I have taken to the floor 15 times to honor these fallen soldiers, these fallen he-roes, and every time has been an enor-mous and special privilege. I have made it a point to reach out to the families of each of the 198 North Dako-tans who lost their lives in Vietnam. I 
wanted to speak about each man so his family, friends, and people who served with him would know how much we ap-preciate who he was and what he did for us. Learning from family members about each man has truly been a great honor. To everyone who shared with us, I imagine it was difficult to speak about your loved one, and I can hon-estly say that doing so made a dif-ference to my staff, made a difference to so many people, made a difference to many of the Senators who have lis-tened to these speeches, and I hope it has made a great difference to the young pages who have been so patient as I have talked about these fallen he-roes. 
WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ POTTER  
Today I begin with William ‘‘Bill’’ 
Potter. Bill was from Grand Forks. He was born December 28, 1942. He served as a pilot in the Air Force’s 432nd Tac-tical Recon Wing. Bill was 25 years old on February 5, 1968, when his plane was shot down and burned. 
The Air Force awarded Bill the Air 
Medal and the Distinguished Flying Cross in recognition for his heroism in aerial flight. For 7 years after Bill’s plane crashed, the Air Force listed Bill as missing in action. 
Bill was survived by his wife Betsy. 
Betsy wrote the following poem regard-ing the need in her life to file for di-vorce from Bill while he was listed as missing. Eyewitnesses had described watching his plane crash and burn. This is her poem: 
In my adult life as a serviceman’s wife 
I stayed home so ‘‘the man’’ could deploy. Had dependent I.D. card—and first passport 
got stamped 
’66 was a year of some joy ’67 not bad—’68 very sad Potter’s body got lost in Nam’s shuffle MIA was the status, completely non-gratis And the Air Force told me that I should muf-
fle. 
Crashed in Laos (the site) and try as I might D.O.D would not call it a death. Civil court was my choice if I wanted a voice for my life to move forward with breadth. As I saw no dishonor to distance myself from a pilot flown into the earth. The life I have led since Bill Potter was dead Second husband, kids/grandkids and mirth. Peter Rice career Navy, now our son in the Army continued our serviceman’s code As a widow, wife, mother, North Dakotan or 
OTHER 
I have carried my share of the load. 
HERBERT ‘‘HERB ’’ LAPP  
Herbert ‘‘Herb’’ Lapp was from He-
bron. He was born February 1, 1923. He served in the Army’s 25th Infantry Di-vision. Herb was 43 years old when he died on July 3, 1966. 
He had seven brothers and eight sis-
ters. Herb’s sister Betty remembers him as someone with a great sense of humor and that he was easy to get along with. 
Herb enlisted in the Army as a young 
man and served in World War II prior to serving in Vietnam. Five of his brothers served their country by serv-ing in the military, and Herb’s younger 
brother Edwin was killed in action in the Korean war. 
Herb was then killed early in the 
Vietnam war, when he was shot in the stomach. 
In addition to his mother and sib-
lings, Herb was survived by his wife Juanita; daughter Diana; and son Marcus. 
ROGER ALBERTS  
Roger Alberts was from Fort Totten. 
He was born on July 11, 1947. He served in the Army’s 1st Infantry Division. Roger died on February 5, 1968. He was 20 years old. 
Roger was the ninth of 10 children, 
and his older sister Winona helped her parents raise Roger. Winona remem-bers Roger as a quiet person who did many great things, including helping his family around their home. Winona said, ‘‘Everything was good about that young boy.’’ 
Roger had a desire so strong to serve 
his country that he enlisted in the Army before he graduated from high school. At the same time that Roger was serving in Vietnam, his brother Allen was serving in the Navy on a ship close to Vietnam. Allen remembers looking toward Vietnam and seeing flares and wondering where Roger was and if he was OK. 
When he had less than a month to 
serve in Vietnam, Roger was shot. On February 2, his family received notice that Roger was missing. Finally, at the end of February, the Army confirmed that they found his body and that Roger had been killed. They later learned from another North Dakota soldier, Wesley Howling Wolf, that when Roger died, Wesley hid his body so the opposing forces would not be able to find his body, but after hiding Roger’s body, Wesley was hurt and went into a coma. When he awoke, he told the Army officials that he had hid-den Roger’s body to protect him and Roger was found. 
Roger’s family appreciates the Army 
for sending an escort to remain with Roger’s body until he could reach them in North Dakota, and to Roger’s girlfriend for giving them the letters he wrote while Roger was serving in Vietnam. 
MITCHEL ‘‘MITCH ’’ HANSEY  
Mitchel ‘‘Mitch’’ Hansey was a native 
of Scranton and was born March 25, 1947. Mitchel died December 14, 1968. He was 21 years old. 
He grew up on his family’s farm and 
was the oldest of eight children, born to Dennis and Bertha Hansey. In his early years, he attended country school, and later graduated from Scranton High School. 
His youngest sister Gwyn laughs and 
remembers the time she felt Mitchel saved her life by kicking a grasshopper off her leg despite his arms being full of the groceries he was carrying. 
Mitchel’s family is dedicated to serv-
ing their country. His father Dennis served in the Army during World War 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.081 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6233 August 3, 2015 
II. His brother Terry served in the Ma-
rines, and his brother Gail served in the Army. 
Mitchel’s siblings remember him 
sending them letters from Vietnam with pictures of himself on a boat. They understand that when he was on his way to mail them Christmas cards, Mitchel fell off a plank as he was walk-ing between two ships and drowned. 
MICHAEL ‘‘MIKE’’ WOLF , JR. 
Michael ‘‘Mike’’ Wolf, Jr., was from 
Beulah, and he was born June 27, 1946. He served in the Marine Corps H Com-pany, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines, 1st Marine Division. He was 21 years old when he died on September 10, 1967. 
He was the fifth of 12 children. Mike’s 
sister Laurel said Mike was a quiet man who was involved in just about every sport offered in high school. His dream was to work as a high school coach someday. Mike enlisted at the same time as his cousin Rick Wolf and two of their friends from Beulah en-listed. The day he died, Rick was sent ahead as a scout and was killed in an ambush. He had been expected to re-turn home about 3 weeks later. 
Mike’s 1955 Pontiac Chieftain sat in 
the yard for 30 years. Laurel’s husband spent 10 years restoring Mike’s car and gave it to Laurel’s son Donovan, who is currently having it painted. As a trib-ute to Mike, they made a scrapbook which shows the process of restoring his car. 
RANDOLPH ‘‘RANDY ’’ MARTHE  
Randolph ‘‘Randy’’ Marthe was from 
Esmond. He was born November 17, 1950. He served in the Army’s 52nd Ar-tillery Group. Randy died March 31, 1971. He was 20 years old. 
He was the youngest of his family of 
10 children. His older siblings enjoyed spoiling him and treating him like the baby of the family. Randy’s sister Rita said he was a good, quiet boy who liked to have fun and never caused his par-ents any problems. Rita remembers that after she was married and living on a farm, Randy and two of his broth-ers, Pat and Dale, would go to Rita’s farm to help. Rita’s basement bath-room shower had a window in it, and Randy had a great time surprising his showering brothers with a blast of cold water from the garden hose. 
Randy’s family appreciates the calls 
he made and letters he sent them from Vietnam. Rita remembers Randy call-ing her from Vietnam. He said he would be going on duty for a while, so she would not hear from him again for a while. She never heard from him again. 
The Army awarded Randy the Silver 
Star for gallantry due to his heroic ac-tions the day he was killed in Vietnam. That day, Randy’s firebase was under heavy attack and he defended his posi-tion, despite being injured and ulti-mately sacrificing himself, which saved the lives of many of his fellow soldiers. 
In 2010, Randy’s family was touched 
to read a Benson County Farmer’s Press column written by a young woman, Shell Eyl, who was born after Randy died but thought about Randy 
because she spent time as a child at the Randy Marthe Memorial Park in Esmond. Shell wrote about what giving up your life for country truly means. She described a lifetime of moments Randy didn’t get to have, such as hot summer days by the lake and walking his daughters down the aisle. Shell 
concluded her column describing that Randy didn’t die so his name would be etched on a granite wall or for a park named after him. He died and gave up everything so you and I could have it all. 
THOMAS ‘‘TOM’’ SENNE  
Thomas ‘‘Tom’’ Senne was from Val-
ley City, and he was born November 14, 1948. He served in the Army’s 1st Infan-try Division. Tom died on October 26, 1968. He was 19 years old. 
Tom worked at the Red Owl store in 
Valley City and was looking forward to a future in that business. He was a great athlete and top wrestler at his high school. Everyone knew and loved Tom. He made friends easily. He was so well liked that sometimes folks would look the other way when he did things like take part in an impromptu drag race down Central Avenue in Valley City on a Sunday morning. Now, I would just tell you that is hearsay. 
Tom came from a family with a deep 
history of serving their country. His dad served in World War II, his uncles from both sides of his family served in either World War II or Korea, and two of his brothers served with the Na-tional Guard. 
CLEO LEVANG  
Cleo Levang was from Forman. He 
was born February 6, 1946. He served in the Marine Corps, Company I, 3rd Bat-talion, 7th Marines, 1st Marine Divi-sion. Cleo died on January 5, 1967. He was just 20 years old. 
He was the third of four children 
born to Cliff and Leckny Levang and grew up on his family’s farm northwest of Forman. His sister Bev said Cleo loved to tease in good fun. She recalls Cleo visiting her, sneaking around be-hind her in the kitchen and opening the cupboard doors behind her. After closing them several times, she finally realized her jokester brother was be-hind the recurring problem. Bev’s son Rick also went into the Marine Corps. Bev said that seeing Rick wearing a marine uniform is a striking similarity to Cleo in his uniform. 
My friend from Rutland, Bill Ander-
son, remembers Cleo well. He said that Cleo was a tall, good-looking guy with a ready smile. He particularly remem-bers Cleo’s exceptional musical talent, playing ‘‘Bugler’s Holiday’’ in a trum-pet trio with the Sergeant Central Ca-dets Marching Band. Bill said that band, ‘‘The Governor’s Band,’’ was, in fact, the best in the State. 
After high school, Cleo moved to Wis-
consin to work, but his love of the trumpet and music drew him back to North Dakota and he enrolled in col-lege to study music. With the Vietnam War beginning, Cleo joined the Ma-rines. After learning of his death, his 
family said the 2 weeks it took for his body to arrive felt like an eternity. 
Bev appreciates the meaningful yet 
difficult phone call she received about 10 years ago from the marine who was with Cleo the day he died. 
DAVID ‘‘DAVE ’’ NESSET  
David ‘‘Dave’’ Nesset was from 
Fargo. He was born April 16, 1942. He served in the Army’s 1st Cavalry Divi-sion. Dave died on April 19, 1968, 3 days after his 26th birthday. 
Dave and his sister Arlene grew up in 
Fargo. Their father Oscar worked for the North Dakota State University Ex-tension Service and lived in different parts of the world, including Iran and Korea, with his wife and children. After graduating from Fargo Central High School, Dave earned a degree from NDSU. He enlisted in the Army and be-came a helicopter pilot. 
Dave’s sister Arlene named her son 
David after her brother. The younger Dave remembers his uncle’s infectious smile and said it was always a pleasure to see him. He was their ‘‘cool’’ uncle. He still clearly remembers when he was in the third grade and his mother re-ceived a call in the middle of the night from her parents in Korea explaining that Dave was missing and, a few hours later, an officer coming to his door to deliver his mother a telegram explain-ing her brother had died. 
Dave and Arlene’s mother Ruth lives 
in Colorado and is 104 years old. She is a woman who has buried both of her children during her lifetime. 
DAVID JOHNSON  
David Johnson was born August 20, 
1950. He spent his high school years in West Fargo. He served in the Army’s 25th Infantry Division. David was only 19 years old when he died on May 17, 1970. 
Right after high school, David chose 
to enlist in the Army. His sister Eva believes David’s trip to basic training in California was his first airplane ride. While David was serving in Vietnam, Eva’s first daughter, Stephanie, was born. David became Stephanie’s god-father by proxy. About 2 months later, Dave was wounded and died. When she had children of her own, Stephanie named her son Nelson David in honor of the uncle she never met. 
In the 1980s, the Fargo area Armed 
Forces rededicated a building the David F. Johnson United States Armed Forces Reserve Center. Fargo residents chose David for his contributions, rec-ognizing his Army medals, including the Silver Star, Bronze Star, Purple Heart, Army Commendation Medal, and the Combat Infantryman’s Badge. 
Members of David’s 3rd Platoon, 
called the Bobcats, maintain contact with David’s family. In June, the Bob-cats held their annual reunion in Fargo. They held a memorial service and visited David’s grave. His sisters and their families were thankful to the Bobcats for inviting them and helping David’s memory to live on. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.082 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6234 August 3, 2015 
JON ROBBINS  
Jon Robbins was from Dickinson, and 
he was born November 22, 1947. He served in the Army’s 56th Postal Unit as a clerk. Jon died February 23, 1969. He was 21 years old. 
Lester Davies is a man who calls 
himself Jon’s Army buddy. 
I want to read a poem that Lester 
shared that he wrote about Jon the day Jon died. I think Lester’s poem is a tribute to all of the people who served in the Vietnam War who had little to no combat training. These people were nurses, clerks, and other staff. Lester’s poem is titled, ‘‘The February Awak-ening.’’ 
From peaceful sleep and dreams of home 
I’m thrown into the night. At two A.M. the twenty-third I know that I must fight, For sirens blow, as rockets fall And flares illume the night. I still recall with saddened heart The night I went to war And how I lost, so thoroughly, My innocence before. I know that I will ne’er forget The UGLINESS of war. When charlie hit from out ’the night He came intent to kill. Just office clerks who’d never fought, We met him on our will. And so the price we paid was dear—Jon Rob-
bins did they kill! 
A shocking hell to see him fall, But one of 
many more. 
And now I wonder why I made it Through that night of war. Yes I’m alive and free to do What Jon will do no more— And so I’ll ne’er forget my friend Who wanted so to live. Who gave for us his precious life The most a man can give. In freedom’s name my buddy died In his name must I live. 
This is the 50th commemoration of 
the Vietnam War, and we all have an important part to play in recognizing those soldiers and families who gave so much and who were rewarded so little at the time. 
This has been a project of great emo-
tion for me and great love, and I en-courage other people to pick up the mantle and remember those soldiers who gave their all. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD  
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I rise in sup-
port of S. 1881, which would transfer Federal funds now granted to Planned Parenthood to other women’s health care and counseling centers. It is a modest, commonsense response to the blood-chilling scandal besetting Amer-ica’s leading abortion provider. 
To date, only 4 of the promised 12 un-
dercover videos of Planned Parenthood officers and facilities have been re-leased. To be sure, in coming months there will be more revelations about Planned Parenthood’s profiteering, vio-lence, and fraud. There will be congres-sional investigations to cut through the obstructions and obfuscations of Planned Parenthood’s army of lawyers, spokespeople, and friends in the media. 
There will be criminal investigations into whether physicians altered proce-dures in violation of the law and in vio-lation of medical ethics to maximize the prices they could charge for the re-mains of their victims. There will be inquiries into Planned Parenthood’s army of clerks, lawyers, and book-keepers who turned barbarism into commerce. There might well be civil litigation brought against Planned Parenthood by former patients who did not realize their harrowing personal or-deals were being exploited for profit by people they thought they could trust. 
It may be some time before all the 
facts come out about the full scope of Planned Parenthood’s moral and eco-nomic corruption, but the revelations exposed in just the first four videos all by themselves are more than enough to disqualify Planned Parenthood from continued taxpayer support. After all, nobody is entitled to taxpayer money. Nobody is entitled to it. Nobody can just assume that it is theirs. Recipi-ents have to continually demonstrate their worthiness for public support. 
I think we can all agree it is not too 
much to ask that our women’s health care grants not finance a criminal con-spiracy against American women and children. So, of course, we should pass Senator E
RNST ’s bill. Now, it does not 
cut any funding. We have to remember that. It does not cut anything; it just transfers Planned Parenthood’s grants to other women’s and community health centers. 
This is a no-brainer. This is some-
thing every Member of this body should be able to vote for and do so en-thusiastically. Yet this bill did not pass today. It did not get past the clo-ture vote. Planned Parenthood’s de-fenders don’t even want to debate it. They are not willing even to bring it to the floor to allow it to be debated, dis-cussed, and voted on on the merits at the end of the day. 
Now, in a sense, I cannot say I blame 
them, but the fear of open dialogue on the other side of the aisle is itself part and parcel of the unfolding scandal. Now, let’s be honest. Let’s be honest about the fact that the multibillion- dollar abortion industry includes grisly revenue streams, legal corner-cutting, and the bullying dehumanization of the human family’s most vulnerable mem-bers. This should not surprise anyone who gives the matter 5 minutes of con-centrated thought. For all of the polit-ical spin, at the end of the day, Planned Parenthood makes its money doing things any child could tell you are simply indefensible. That is why those things are almost never actually defended, including on this floor today. Defenders of Planned Parenthood offer, instead, gauzy rhetoric about ‘‘care’’ and ‘‘access’’ and ‘‘choice,’’ which are totally irrelevant to Senator E
RNST ’s 
thoughtful, focused compromise pro-posal. 
On the other hand are the shocking 
words at the heart of this scandal. Shocking words like ‘‘abortion,’’ 
‘‘organ,’’ ‘‘price,’’ ‘‘crunch’’ are care-fully, almost religiously avoided. That is what you do when you are forced to defend the indefensible. You distract, you confuse, you talk about anything else besides the facts at hand. In this debate, Planned Parenthood’s defend-ers’ true adversary is not the Center for Medical Progress or the pro-life movement or the millions of even pro- choice Americans outraged by the scandal. Like all defenders of institu-tional violence, their real adversary is the truth. 
The pro-life movement today may 
love different sinners and hate dif-ferent sins than previous social reform movements, but they fight for the same truth: that not only are all men created equal but that all human beings are, in fact, human beings. Abortion on demand survives today as other peculiar institutions once did, violating a universal moral principle by disguising a biological fact. 
Such is the nature of violence. As the 
Russian writer Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn put it in his Nobel lecture in 1974: 
[L]et us not forget that violence does not 
live alone and is not capable of living alone: it is necessarily interwoven with falsehood. Between them lies the most intimate, the deepest of national bonds. Violence finds its 
only refuge in falsehood, falsehood its only support in violence. Any man who has once acclaimed violence as his method must inex-orably choose falsehood as his principle. At its birth violence acts openly and even with pride. But no sooner does it become strong, firmly established, than it senses the rar-efaction of the air around it and it cannot continue to exist without descending into a fog of lies, clothing them in sweet talk. It does not always, not necessarily, openly throttle the throat, more often it demands from its subjects only an oath of allegiance to falsehood, only complicity in falsehood. 
Complicity in falsehood, Mr. Presi-
dent, that some of us created in the image and likeness of a loving God are not; that some of us endowed with in-alienable human rights weren’t; that because of the color of our skin, the ar-rangement of our genes, the content of our prayers or the tiny size of a little girl’s hand, some of us become them— all to absolve ourselves from doing to them, to the weak, the vulnerable, the voiceless, terrible, unspeakable things that we know are terrible. That is what violence demands. 
Because the inhumane but all too 
common logic goes: If we all do it, and we all agree only to speak of it in com-forting words, then, maybe, just maybe, we can tell ourselves it isn’t wrong. ‘‘Clump of cells,’’ ‘‘tissue speci-mens,’’ ‘‘products of conception’’—but even as we grope through this fog of lies, we all know the truth. We know that one day, that truth is going to burn through the euphemisms like the sun through the clouds. When that day comes, we are going to have to choose whether to stay complicit in the false-hood, to crouch down a while longer in our comforting fog or stand up and face the searing truth of what is being done to these little hands and hearts, our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.083 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6235 August 3, 2015 
fellow passengers to the grave, still so 
fresh from God. 
The day will come when, in an act 
not of reckoning but of love, America finally sets these things right in full. That day is not yet here. For now, even though Planned Parenthood apparently breaks some laws, its lucrative busi-ness remains protected by others. 
So even when we do pass the Ernst 
bill, and we will one day soon, Planned Parenthood will nonetheless continue at least for a while in its grisly work, but not in our name, and not with our money. Planned Parenthood has be-trayed our trust and the trust of the women who came to them for help. Within the community of women’s health and services, even among those who support its mission, Planned Par-enthood now stands apart. 
Planned Parenthood has chosen a 
path we cannot follow, crossed a line we cannot ignore, and profited from an unspeakable business we cannot sup-port. We can, and under the Ernst bill we will, support health care, especially for vulnerable women and children who are always targets for exploitation. That is why we must pass the Ernst bill, and why I urge my colleagues to support it, to protect America’s women and children from Planned Parent-hood’s ongoing abuse and to protect American taxpayers from financing it. 
We no longer have to be complicit in 
the lie of Planned Parenthood or the violence that it protects. The Ernst legislation, S. 1881, finally accepts the facts, embraces the truth, and would help move our Nation a small step for-ward toward the culture of life Amer-ica’s every mother and child deserve. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN 
INDIANA 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I 
wish to congratulate the University of Southern Indiana, USI, on its 50th An-niversary. I also want to recognize the outstanding faculty and staff for the extraordinary impact they have had on the education and lives of hundreds of thousands of students. 
USI was founded September 15, 1965, 
in Evansville to respond to the need for a public higher education institution in southwestern Indiana. It began first as a regional campus of Indiana State University and then on April 16, 1985, legislation was signed into law making USI a separate State university. The university started out small, but quickly expanded, sitting on 330 acres 
by September 1969 and today covering 1,400 acres. 
USI is home to four academic col-
leges: the Romain College of Business, the College of Liberal Arts, the College of Nursing and Health Professions, and the Pott College of Science, Engineer-ing, and Education. USI is a Carnegie Foundation Community Engaged Uni-
versity and offers continuing education and special programs to more than 15,000 participants annually through outreach and engagement. USI also houses the Indiana University School of Medicine-Evansville. 
More than 9,300 students are cur-
rently enrolled at USI, and the univer-sity serves full-time, part-time, com-muting and continuing education stu-dents. USI takes great care to keep class sizes small to maintain a high quality of individualized instruction; 40 percent of classes have fewer than 20 students and only 7 percent have more than 50. These numbers reinforce an in-stitution committed to its vision of ‘‘Shaping the future through learning and innovation.’’ The USI curriculum offers a wide variety of classes in 70 un-dergraduate majors in the areas of lib-eral arts, preprofessional, professional, technical, and occupational programs at both the associate and bacca-laureate levels, in addition to its 10 master’s programs and a nursing doc-torate. With more than 140 student groups on campus, USI’s student body is living up to the university’s mission to be an ‘‘engaged learning commu-nity,’’ one that always strives to achieve its goal of ‘‘advancing edu-cation and knowledge, enhancing civic and cultural awareness, and fostering partnerships through comprehensive outreach programs.’’ 
USI has exceled outside of the class-
room as well. The Screaming Eagles compete as a member of the NCAA Di-vision II athletics in the Great Lakes Valley Conference. USI boasts 17 var-sity teams and has claimed three na-tional championships—men’s basket-ball in 1995 and men’s baseball in 2010 and 2014. The Screaming Eagles have finished as national finalists three times—men’s basketball in 1994 and 2004 and women’s basketball in 1997. In addition, the USI men’s and women’s cross country/track teams have com-bined to capture seven individual na-tional championships since 1997. These teams have accomplished much over the past 50 years, all the while meeting high academic standards in the class-room. 
USI has, for the last five decades, 
provided its students from south-western Indiana, across our State, and around the country with the oppor-tunity to achieve their dreams through higher education. USI remains rep-resentative of the hard work, dedica-tion, and innovation that are such in-tegral parts of the Hoosier spirit. I con-gratulate president Linda L. M. Ben-nett, the entire faculty and staff, and students both past and present, on this important anniversary. I am confident 
USI will continue to be a fixture in southwestern Indiana and know the faculty and staff will continue to pro-vide an outstanding education to our students in the years to come. On be-half of the citizens of Indiana, I con-gratulate each and every member of the USI community on this 50th anni-versary. I wish the University of Southern Indiana continued success and growth for many more years to come. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO BOB FRAUMANN 
∑Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I am 
proud to pay tribute to Bob Fraumann on the occasion of his retirement after 60 years of ministry through music. Bob will be honored on Sunday, August 9, at Mt. Zion United Methodist Church in Marietta, GA, where he has been music director for the last 33 years. 
Bob Fraumann graduated from As-
bury University with a degree in music education and a minor in organ and conducting. Bob was married to the love of his life, Jan, and they raised two sons, Rick and Greg, who are both Christian musicians. 
Many have enjoyed Bob’s music but 
none more than those at the National Prayer Breakfast on February 4, 2010, where Bob played selections from his great CD ‘‘To God Be the Glory.’’ Over 3,000 dignitaries including the Presi-dent and many Members of Congress joined Christians and leaders of all faiths to enjoy Bob’s testimony through music. 
Bob’s friendship and music have been 
a blessing to me, and I am proud to honor him in the Senate Chamber. Join me in wishing Bob Fraumann all the best in his retirement. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NATIONAL AS-
SOCIATION OF COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS 
∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize the National Associa-tion of Community Health Centers, NACHC, for their hard work and dedi-cation to providing Americans with the care they need and deserve. The asso-ciation is celebrating 50 years of pro-viding support through health centers across the Nation. A series of events will be held during National Health Center Week, scheduled for August 9 through August 15, to recognize the im-portance of health care and to cele-brate 50 years of support. 
The NACHC was organized in 1965 and 
held demonstration programs under the Federal Office of Economic Oppor-tunity to help Americans receive med-ical support regardless of their income. Also during this time, the first four 
health care centers opened in Massa-chusetts, Mississippi, Colorado, and New York. Since 1965, the NACHC has worked to address our Nation’s wide-spread lack of access to basic health care services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.084 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6236 August 3, 2015 
Devoted to the mission of, ‘‘pro-
moting the provision of high quality, comprehensive and affordable health 
care that is coordinated, culturally and linguistically competent, and commu-nity directed for all medically under-served populations,’’ the NACHC helps educate Americans on the importance of health care. The NACHC also pro-vides health centers with a unified voice and a common source for re-search, information, training, and ad-vocacy. 
Maine currently has 19 organizations 
that run 135 health center sites. The 19 federally-funded health center organi-zations in Maine serve 184,546 patients, 17.8 percent of whom are uninsured, and create over 200 jobs. Mr. President, 89 percent of people relying on these centers live in extremely rural areas of the State. These Mainers would not be able to access adequate health care services if these sites did not exist. The work that has been done in Maine con-tinues to help the State become healthier and smarter. 
The theme for this year’s National 
Health Center Week is ‘‘America’s Health Centers: Celebrating Our Leg-acy, Shaping Our Future.’’ This theme showcases the numerous ways in which America’s health centers are driving and empowering healthier commu-nities and Americans. With more than 9,000 delivery sites throughout the Na-tion, health centers employ hundreds of thousands of individuals nationally which, in turn, powers local economies. 
During the National Health Center 
Week, health centers in all 50 States will be hosting a variety of public events to highlight their work in local communities and to honor the elected officials who have supported the work of the health centers. I would like to join the National Association of Com-munity Health Centers in highlighting the success that has been demonstrated over the last 50 years by local health centers throughout the Nation. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID ALLEN 
WALKER 
∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize David Walker of Fenton, MI, as he nears the end of his term as the 110th chairman of the Independent Insurance Agents & Brokers of Amer-ica, also known as the Big ‘‘I.’’ Mr. Walker was installed as chairman of the Big ‘‘I’’ in September 2014, and has been a strong and thoughtful leader for independent insurance agents across the country throughout his term. 
Mr. Walker is president of the Hart-
land Insurance Agency which is headquartered in Hartland, MI. Throughout his career, he has been an active leader at both the State and na-tional level. He previously served as president of the Michigan Association of Independent Agents, president of the Genesee County of Independent Agents, and as the Michigan director on the Big ‘‘I’’ national board. 
Mr. Walker has also held numerous 
leadership positions within the Michi-gan Association of Insurance Agents, 
including chairman of the education committee and as a member of the Michigan Legislative Affairs Com-mittee. In all his roles, David has sought to promote an environment where independent insurance agents in Michigan and across the country can thrive by providing excellent customer service. 
As I recognize Mr. Walker, I would 
also like to acknowledge his active in-volvement in his community. He has served on the board of directors for the Hartland Area Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Walker has also worked as a trust-ee and president of the Fenton Area Public Schools. He currently serves as a Tyrone Township trustee and sits on the board of the Michigan Basic Prop-erty Association. He is also a founding member of the Hartland Rotary. 
I am pleased to join Mr. Walker’s col-
leagues from across Michigan and the United States in congratulating him as he finishes his term as chairman of the Big ‘‘I.’’ I, along with his family and friends, appreciate all that he has ac-complished. ∑ 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF OREGON 
STATE UNIVERSITY HATFIELD MARINE SCIENCE CENTER 
∑Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I am a 
firm believer in the power of higher education. It is our Nation’s responsi-bility to honor the institutions that consistently provide America’s youth with the skills necessary to make our country a better place. I am thrilled to recognize the achievements of Oregon State University’s Hatfield Marine Science Center, on its 50th anniversary as a center for marine studies. 
Over the last half-century, thanks in 
large part to early collaboration with the National Oceanographic and At-mospheric Administration, the Hat-field Center has served students from community college to post-doctoral candidates. In addition to providing educational opportunities, the Hatfield Center works closely with the Environ-mental Protection Agency to research the most pressing environmental issues of our generation. As climate change and sustainability increasingly impact our Nation’s agriculture and energy policies, Oregonians can take comfort in knowing that OSU’s Marine Science Center has the technology and partner-ships necessary to spearhead State, na-tional and global initiatives. 
It always amazes me how quickly 
novel ideas transform into success sto-ries. Since its establishment in 1965, the Hatfield Marine Science Center has worked extensively with the colleges of Oregon State University and various State and Federal agencies to produce seawater systems, experimental wet labs, and other programs that have at-tracted some of the Nation’s top sci-entific minds. It gives me great pleas-ure to say that the Hatfield Marine Science Center is home to the Coastal Oregon Marine Experiment Station—a program recognized internationally for 
its innovative approach to the study of marine mammals. 
I am particularly excited to witness 
the results of OSU’s world-class Marine Studies Initiative. In addition to the construction of a top-notch research and teaching facility, the Marine Stud-ies Initiative will offer students the op-portunity to see how marine studies intersects with the other elements of a liberal arts education. Thousands of young adults, as well as experienced professionals, will gain a greater appre-ciation for the role of business, govern-ment, and big data in the world of ma-rine studies. The addition of an under-graduate degree program in marine studies, projected to attract 500 stu-dents in-residence to Newport by 2025, will yield tremendous partnerships in the years ahead. The Federal Area Re-development Administration must be incredibly proud of the intellectual profit that its $960,000 investment has produced. 
The future of our planet depends 
upon unique and innovative approaches to the environmental challenges of our era. Higher education is an integral part of the solution. But more specifi-cally, interdisciplinary programs that promote awareness of agricultural, en-ergy, and oceanic issues, and that si-multaneously connect the environment to the liberal arts, are a key to build-ing the training necessary to solve im-minent problems. I could not be prouder of what OSU’s Hatfield Marine Science Center means for our State, our Nation, and for the world. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REBECCA ACKERMAN 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Rebecca Ackerman, a 2015 summer intern in my Jacksonville of-fice, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of 
the State of Florida. 
Rebecca is a student at the Univer-
sity South Carolina, where she is ma-joring in international studies. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Rebecca for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DANIEL ALMEIDA 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Daniel Almeida, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Daniel is a student at the University 
of Edinburgh, where he is majoring in philosophy and politics. He is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Daniel for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.002 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6237 August 3, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO LAUREN BALTIMORE 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Lauren Baltimore, a 2015 summer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Lauren is currently a student at Pine 
Crest High School. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of her in-ternship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Lauren for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAX BERGER 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Max Berger, a 2015 summer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Max is currently a student at West-
ern High School. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his intern-ship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Max for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KASSANDRA 
CABRERA 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Kassandra Cabrera, a 2015 summer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Kassandra is a student at the Univer-
sity of Central Florida, where she is majoring in political science. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Kassandra for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EMILY CLARK 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Emily Clark, a 2015 summer intern in my Tallahassee office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Emily is a student at the University 
of West Florida, where she is majoring in agriculture communications. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Emily for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOSHUA COCKREAM 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Joshua Cockream, a 2015 summer intern in my Tampa office, for 
all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Joshua is a student at the University 
Virginia, where he is majoring in polit-ical philosophy, policy, and law. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Joshua for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ANTONELLA 
DAVALOS 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Antonella Davalos, a 2015 summer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Antonella is a student at the Univer-
sity of Florida, where she is majoring in political science. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of her in-ternship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Antonella for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALLISON DIENER 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Allison Diener, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Allison is a student at the University 
of Michigan, where she is majoring in business. She is a dedicated and dili-gent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Allison for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SAMUEL FALIC 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Samuel Falic, a 2015 summer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Samuel is a student at the University 
of Miami, where he is majoring in ac-counting. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of his internship ex-perience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Samuel for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HAILEY FROMKIN 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Hailey Fromkin, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Miami office, for all 
of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Hailey is a student at the University 
of Miami, where she is majoring in po-litical science. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her intern-ship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Hailey for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DESTINY GOEDE 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Destiny Goede, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Naples office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Destiny is a student at the Univer-
sity of Florida, where she is majoring in economics. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her intern-ship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Destiny for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROBERT GUTIERREZ 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Robert Gutierrez, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Robert is currently a student at Co-
lumbus High School. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of his in-ternship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Robert for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TREVOR HANSEN 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Trevor Hansen, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Trevor is a student at Broward Col-
lege, where he is majoring in inter-national relations. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of his in-ternship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Trevor for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TODD HIGGINBOTHAM 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Todd Higginbotham, a 2015 summer intern in my Jacksonville of-fice, for all of the hard work he has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.034 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6238 August 3, 2015 
done for me, my staff, and the people of 
the State of Florida. 
Todd is a student at the University of 
North Florida, where he is majoring in political science. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his intern-ship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Todd for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NICHOLAS JOHNSON 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Nicholas Johnson, a 2015 summer intern in my Jacksonville of-fice, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Nicholas is a student at Heidelberg 
University, where he is majoring in po-litical science and communications. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Nicholas for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CARLOS SAN JOSE 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Carlos San Jose, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Carlos is a student at Miami-Dade 
College, where he is majoring in polit-ical science. He is a dedicated and dili-gent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Carlos for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ISABELLA LLANO 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Isabella Llano, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Isabella is a student at the Univer-
sity of Florida, where she is majoring in political science. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of her in-ternship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Isabella for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID MALLIS 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize David Mallis, a 2015 summer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. David is a dedicated and diligent 
worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of his internship ex-perience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to David for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NATALIE MARTINEZ 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Natalie Martinez, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Tampa office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Natalie is a student at the University 
of Florida, where she is majoring in po-litical science. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her intern-ship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Natalie for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO AMANDA MEADOR 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Amanda Meador, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Amanda is a student at Washington 
and Lee University, where she is ma-joring in business, accounting, and en-vironmental studies. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of her in-ternship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Amanda for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRIANNA MORENO 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Brianna Moreno, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Brianna is a student at Vanderbilt 
University, where she is majoring in public policy. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her intern-ship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Brianna for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THOMAS MORRISON 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Thomas Morrison, a 2015 summer intern in my Tallahassee of-fice, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Thomas is currently a student at 
Lincoln High School. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-
voted to getting the most out of his in-ternship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Thomas for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FRANCO RIVERA 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Franco Rivera, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Franco is currently a student at 
Belen Jesuit Preparatory School. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Franco for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHELLE RIVERA 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Michelle Rivera, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Jacksonville office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Michelle is a student at the Univer-
sity of North Florida, where she is ma-joring in political science. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Michelle for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL RUSSELL 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Michael Russell, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Tampa office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Michael is a student at the Univer-
sity of Florida, where he is majoring in political science and criminology. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Michael for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHRISTIAN SADLER 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Christian Sadler, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Naples office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Christian is currently a student at 
the University of Florida. He is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:20 Aug 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S03AU5.REC S03AU5bjneal on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6239 August 3, 2015 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Christian for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DANIELA SHIED 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Daniela Shied, a 2015 summer intern in my Tallahassee office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Daniela is a student at Florida State 
University, where she is majoring in international affairs and political science. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of her internship ex-perience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Daniela for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DRIENA SIXTO 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Driena Sixto, a 2015 summer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Driena is a student at Florida Inter-
national University, where she is ma-joring in political science and inter-national relations. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of her in-ternship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Driena for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JACKSON STORY 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Jackson Story, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Jacksonville office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Jackson is a student at the Univer-
sity of Florida, where he is majoring in political science and public relations. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Jackson for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FRANCO DEL TORRO 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Franco del Torro, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Tallahassee office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Franco is a student at the University 
of Florida, where he is majoring in po-litical science. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his intern-ship experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Franco for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JORGE TREVILLA 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Jorge Trevilla, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Jorge is currently a student at Co-
lumbus High School. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of his in-ternship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Jorge for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NATHAN WATTERS 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Nathan Watters, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Jacksonville office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Nathan is a law student at Florida 
Coastal Law School. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of his in-ternship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Nathan for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHANNON WEST 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Shannon West, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Tampa office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Shannon is a student at Boston Col-
lege, where she is majoring in political science and international studies. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Shannon for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CONRAD WITTE 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Conrad Witte, a 2015 summer intern in my Miami office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Conrad is a student at the University 
of Arkansas, where he is majoring in political science and international re-lations. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of his internship ex-perience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Conrad for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-
ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: 
S. 1629. A bill to revise certain authorities 
of the District of Columbia courts, the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, and the Public Defender Service for the District of Colum-bia, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 110). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mr. B OOK-
ER, and Mr. C OONS ): 
S. 1915. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to make anthrax vac-cines and antimicrobials available to emer-gency response providers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. THUNE: 
S. 1916. A bill to include skilled nursing fa-
cilities as a type of health care provider under section 254(h) of the Communications Act of 1934; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, 
and Ms. M URKOWSKI ): 
S. 1917. A bill to prohibit the provision of 
Federal funds to an entity that receives com-pensation for facilitating the donation of fetal tissue derived from an abortion; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
B
OOKER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
CARDIN , Ms. M IKULSKI , and Mr. M AR-
KEY): 
S. 1918. A bill to amend the Endangered 
Species Act of 1973 to extend the import- and export-related provision of that Act to spe-cies proposed for listing as threatened or en-dangered under that Act; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. 
BENNET ): 
S. Res. 240. A resolution recognizing the 
National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion and its partners for the success of the historic flyby of Pluto by the New Horizons spacecraft; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mrs. C APITO , Mrs. M URRAY , 
Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
CORKER , Mr. R EID, Mr. W ICKER , Mr. 
TESTER , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. P ERDUE , 
Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. B URR, Ms. C OLLINS , 
Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. P AUL, Mr. 
ROUNDS , and Mr. C ASEY ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.048 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6240 August 3, 2015 
S. Res. 241. A resolution designating Au-
gust 16, 2015, as ‘‘National Airborne Day’’; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of pro-viding services to children with medi-cally complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for chil-dren with medically complex condi-tions and lowering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 377 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
377, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to increase access to ambulance services under the Medi-care program and to reform payments for such services under such program, and for other purposes. 
S. 404 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 404, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit taking minors across State lines in cir-cumvention of laws requiring the in-volvement of parents in abortion deci-sions. 
S. 429 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 429, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide a standard definition of therapeutic fos-ter care services in Medicaid. 
S. 471 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
471, a bill to improve the provision of health care for women veterans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 586 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 586, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective implementation and co-ordination of clinical care for people with pre-diabetes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabetes. 
S. 709 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
709, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the amend-ments made by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act which dis-qualify expenses for over-the-counter 
drugs under health savings accounts and health flexible spending arrange-ments. 
S. 898 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
898, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the partici-pation of optometrists in the National Health Service Corps scholarship and loan repayment programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 993 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 993, a bill to increase public safety by facilitating collaboration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and sub-stance abuse systems. 
S. 1020 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1020, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure the con-tinued access of Medicare beneficiaries to diagnostic imaging services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1090 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1090, a bill to amend the Rob-ert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to provide eligibility for broadcasting facilities to receive certain disaster assistance, and for other purposes. 
S. 1143 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from 
California (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1143, a bill to make the authority of States of Washington, Oregon, and California to manage Dun-geness crab fishery permanent and for other purposes. 
S. 1148 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of addi-tional residency positions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1314 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1314, a bill to establish an interim rule for the operation of small unmanned aircraft for commercial purposes and their safe integration into the national airspace system. 
S. 1512 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1512, a bill to eliminate dis-crimination and promote women’s 
health and economic security by ensur-ing reasonable workplace accommoda-tions for workers whose ability to per-form the functions of a job are limited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a related medical condition. 
S. 1566 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1566, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to require group and indi-vidual health insurance coverage and group health plans to provide for cov-erage of oral anticancer drugs on terms no less favorable than the coverage provided for anticancer medications administered by a health care provider. 
S. 1719 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota 
(Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1719, a bill to provide for the establishment and maintenance of a National Family Caregiving Strat-egy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1722 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1722, a bill to amend the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act to repeal certain additional disclosure requirements, and for other purposes. 
S. 1742 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from 
Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1742, a bill to im-prove the provision of postal services to rural areas of the United States. 
S. 1767 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1767, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to combination products, and for other purposes. 
S. 1774 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1774, a bill to amend title 11 of the United States Code to treat Puerto Rico as a State for purposes of chapter 9 of such title relating to the adjust-ment of debts of municipalities. 
S. 1785 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1785, a bill to repeal the wage rate re-quirements of the Davis-Bacon Act. 
S. 1798 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1798, a bill to reauthorize the United States Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom, and for other purposes. 
S. 1863 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AU6.003 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6241 August 3, 2015 
TOOMEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1863, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Timothy Nugent, in rec-ognition of his pioneering work on be-half of people with disabilities, includ-ing disabled veterans. 
S. 1875 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1875, a bill to support en-hanced accountability for United States assistance to Afghanistan, and for other purposes. 
S. 1876 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 1876, a bill to rename the Office to Monitor and Combat Traf-ficking of the Department of State the Bureau to Monitor and Combat Traf-ficking in Persons and to provide for an Assistant Secretary to head such Bu-reau, and for other purposes. 
At the request of Mr. P
ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1876, supra. 
S. 1881 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1881, a bill to prohibit Federal funding of Planned Parenthood Federation of America. 
S. 1882 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1882, a bill to support the sustainable recovery and rebuilding of Nepal following the recent, devastating earthquakes near Kathmandu. 
S. 1883 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ) 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 1883, a bill to maximize discovery, and accel-erate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treat-ments, and for other purposes. 
S. 1893 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1893, a bill to reauthorize and im-prove programs related to mental health and substance use disorders. 
S. RES. 176 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. Res. 176, a resolution designating September 2015 as ‘‘National Brain An-eurysm Awareness Month’’ . 
S. RES. 228 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 228, a resolution designating Sep-tember 2015 as ‘‘National Ovarian Can-cer Awareness Month’’ . 
S. RES. 232 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Res. 232, a resolution express-ing the sense of the Senate that August 30, 2015, be observed as ‘‘1890 Land- Grant Institutions Quasquicentennial Recognition Day’’. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. 
KIRK, and Ms. M URKOWSKI ): 
S. 1917. A bill to prohibit the provi-
sion of Federal funds to an entity that receives compensation for facilitating the donation of fetal tissue derived from an abortion; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, this 
afternoon the Senate will be voting on a motion to proceed to a bill that would completely eliminate all Federal funding for Planned Parenthood. While I do not support this legislation, I have received assurances from the majority leader that should the motion to pro-ceed succeed, there will be ample op-portunity to offer amendments. There-fore, I would like to take this oppor-tunity to propose an alternative ap-proach which Senator K
IRKand I will 
offer as a substitute for the bill. 
Throughout my service in the Sen-
ate, I have been a strong proponent of family planning and measures to pro-mote and protect women’s health. The fact is that the best way to reduce the number of abortions in this country is to ensure that women have access to family planning services they need to protect against unintended preg-nancies. That is why I have long sup-ported title X family planning pro-grams. 
My support for family planning aside, 
however, I was sickened when I viewed the recently released videos featuring Planned Parenthood physicians in both their edited and unedited versions. The callousness with which Planned Par-enthood employees discuss the sale of fetal tissue is appalling. It deserves our attention. The videos also raise valid questions about the ethics and legality of Planned Parenthood’s practices in some of its clinics, albeit a minority of its clinics. As a result, I believe a full investigation is warranted to deter-mine whether Planned Parenthood broke the law prohibiting the sale of fetal tissue. 
Reviews by State medical boards are 
also warranted because it appears that some Planned Parenthood doctors may have been putting the procurement of fetal organs ahead of the well-being of their patients. 
We do, however, need to keep in mind 
the fact that Planned Parenthood pro-vides important family planning, can-cer screening, and basic preventive health care to millions of women across this country. For many women, Planned Parenthood clinics provide the only health care services they receive. The title X Federal family planning funding that goes to Planned Parent-
hood already cannot be used for abor-tions, and the Federal Medicaid fund-ing it receives can only be used for abortions in the case of rape, incest, and where the life of the mother is at risk. In other words, the Hyde amend-ment—which has been on the books for so many years—applies fully to this 
Federal funding. 
Some contend that other health care 
providers such as community health centers could somehow fill the gap in family planning and other women’s health services if Federal funding were to be cut off to Planned Parenthood. In my State, the four Planned Parenthood clinics see almost 40 percent of the pa-tients seeking title X family planning services, and they treat virtually all of the patients seeking those services in southern Maine. By way of contrast, the 20 community health sites in Maine that receive title X funding see just 17 percent of the patients seeking those services. If we were to defund Planned Parenthood, other family planning clinics in Maine, including community health centers, would see a 63-percent increase in their patient load. They would be forced to absorb 8,583 more patients if Federal funds to Planned Parenthood were eliminated. Moreover, these other family planning clinics are predominantly in central, western, and the northern parts of my State. None is in the area that is served by Planned Parenthood in southern Maine. I don’t see how we can ensure that all of the patients currently served by Planned Parenthood can be absorbed by alter-native health care providers. 
The bill that has been proposed by 
several of my colleagues would require women to give up the health care pro-vider of their choice, when we don’t yet know all of the facts about Planned Parenthood’s actions. 
Therefore, I am joining my colleague 
from Illinois Senator K
IRKin intro-
ducing legislation, which we intend to turn into an amendment if we proceed to this bill, that would require the De-partment of Justice to investigate whether Planned Parenthood or its af-filiates have engaged in any illegal ac-tivity pertaining to fetal tissue and support a report to Congress on its findings within 90 days. 
Activities involving fetal tissue have 
no relationship to Planned Parent-hood’s primary mission of promoting and protecting women’s health. While Planned Parenthood claims that only a very small number of its affiliates en-gage in the sale of fetal organs and tis-sue, let’s determine the facts. Those or-ganizations that do engage in this rep-rehensible practice are the ones that have sparked this outrage and rightly so. I believe these are the organizations that should be the focus of our efforts. I know none of the Planned Parenthood clinics in my State engage in the prac-tice of the procurement and sale of fetal tissue. I think we should keep in mind that we can come up with a more tailored and targeted approach that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AU6.004 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6242 August 3, 2015 
aimed at those clinics that do engage 
in this practice. 
Therefore, our legislation would 
defund any affiliate or subsidiary of Planned Parenthood Federation of America that received any compensa-tion for engaging in these activities. 
So the more targeted approach pro-
posed by Senator K
IRKand me accom-
plishes three important goals: First, it would not cause women served by Planned Parenthood clinics that do not engage in these reprehensible fetal tis-sue sales to lose their health care pro-vider for basic services like family planning and cancer screening. After all, many of us have been critical of ObamaCare because it has forced fami-lies in this country to give up the doc-tor of their choice. Well, that is what this amendment would do. It would re-quire women and other patients to find alternative health care providers, even if their Planned Parenthood clinic has done nothing wrong and is not engaged in the reprehensible sale of fetal tissue. How is that fair? How is that a tar-geted approach? 
Second, our legislation would allow 
Congress to get the facts to determine if those few Planned Parenthood affili-ates that do engage in fetal tissue pro-curement have broken Federal law and violated medical ethics. We need to know the answer to those questions, and we need to know how widespread this practice actually is. 
Third, our legislation would defund 
those affiliates, subsidiaries, and clin-ics that do receive compensation for procuring fetal organs and tissues, thus putting an end to this reprehensible trafficking in fetal tissue. 
I believe the proposal that Senator 
K
IRKand I offer to our colleagues is a 
more targeted approach, a fairer ap-proach, an approach that will be based on the facts, and is the best way for-ward as we deal with this important issue. I encourage my colleagues to join us in support of our more targeted legislation. 
This is the bill that should we pro-
ceed to the underlying legislation, would be offered as a substitute to the bill by Senator K
IRKand me. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 240—RECOG-
NIZING THE NATIONAL AERO-NAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINIS-TRATION AND ITS PARTNERS FOR THE SUCCESS OF THE HIS-TORIC FLYBY OF PLUTO BY THE NEW HORIZONS SPACECRAFT 
Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. B ENNET ) 
submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation: 
S. R ES. 240 
Whereas, in 1930, from the Lowell Observ-
atory in Flagstaff, Arizona, Clyde Tombaugh discovered Pluto, the ninth largest known 
body orbiting the sun; 
Whereas, on January 19, 2006, the New Ho-
rizons spacecraft launched on an Atlas V launch vehicle from the Space Launch Com-plex 41 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida; 
Whereas, on July 14, 2015, after a 9 
1⁄2-year 
journey, the New Horizons probe successfully flew within approximately 7,800 miles (12,500 kilometers) of the surface of the dwarf plan-et Pluto; 
Whereas the National Aeronautics and 
Space Administration (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘NASA’’) has now completed missions to each of the 9 largest planetary bodies orbiting the sun; 
Whereas the successful New Horizons mis-
sion to Pluto was achieved through years of planning, research, design, testing, and mis-sion operations conducted by the dedicated scientists, engineers, and staff at NASA and affiliated academic and private sector part-ners; 
Whereas the New Horizons mission was the 
first mission to study Pluto, the moons of Pluto, and other planetary building blocks within the Kuiper Belt, which is the ring of icy objects that surrounds the solar system beyond the orbit of Neptune; 
Whereas the findings of the New Horizons 
interplanetary space probe have dem-onstrated the great scientific value of the continued exploration of Pluto and the outer-region of our solar system; 
Whereas New Horizons is the first mission 
to collect high-resolution images and a vari-ety of other data about the geological and atmospheric composition of Pluto as well as the space environment near Pluto and the moons of Pluto; 
Whereas the initial images and data re-
turned from the New Horizons spacecraft have already led to new discoveries about Pluto, the moons of Pluto, and the space en-vironment near Pluto; 
Whereas images of Pluto show ice moun-
tains that have never been seen before and that are comparable in height to the Rocky Mountains; 
Whereas images of Charon, the largest 
moon of Pluto, show deep canyons and a row of cliffs and troughs stretching 600 miles 
wide; 
Whereas images of Pluto and Charon show 
a lack of impact craters, suggesting that their relatively young surfaces have been re-shaped by internal geological activity; 
Whereas the data collected by instruments 
on the New Horizons spacecraft confirms that the Pluto system contains a large amount of frozen water, which is considered an essential building block of life; 
Whereas the data collected by the New Ho-
rizons spacecraft will continue to provide scientific insight, data to train the next gen-eration of planetary scientists, and inspira-tion to humanity for years to come; and 
Whereas the New Horizons spacecraft could 
continue traveling to the far edges of our solar system and could be capable of explor-ing the Kuiper Belt and collecting data on our solar system that is not detectable from any other spacecraft or telescope due to its unique position, instrumentation, and long- lasting power supply: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) congratulates the National Aeronautics 
and Space Administration (referred to in this resolving clause as ‘‘NASA’’), the Johns Hop-kins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Maryland, the Southwest Research Insti-tute in Colorado, and the academic and pri-vate sector partners of the New Horizons mission for their roles in the historic flyby of Pluto by the New Horizons spacecraft; 
(2) recognizes the importance of the New 
Horizons mission to the long-term explo-ration of the solar system by NASA and the 
training of the next generation of planetary scientists; 
(3) recognizes the importance of the con-
tinued pursuit of robotic space exploration missions by NASA, which enable extraor-dinary scientific discoveries about the na-ture and origin of our solar system and be-yond; and 
(4) recognizes the significance of the sci-
entific and engineering research by NASA with respect to stimulating economic growth, strengthening national competitive-ness, and inspiring humankind. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 241—DESIG-
NATING AUGUST 16, 2015, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL AIRBORNE DAY’’ 
Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mrs. C APITO , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. 
REID of Nevada, Mr. W ICKER , Mr. 
TESTER , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. 
TILLIS , Mr. B URR, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. 
MCCONNELL , Mr. P AUL, Mr. R OUNDS , 
and Mr. C ASEY ) submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 241 
Whereas the members of the airborne 
forces of the Armed Forces of the United States have a long and honorable history as bold and fierce warriors who, for the na-tional security of the United States and the defense of freedom and peace, project the ground combat power of the United States by air transport to the far reaches of the bat-tle area and to the far corners of the world; 
Whereas the experiment of the United 
States with airborne operations began on June 25, 1940, when the Army Parachute Test Platoon was first authorized by the Depart-ment of War, and 48 volunteers began train-ing in July 1940; 
Whereas August 16 marks the anniversary 
of the first official Army parachute jump, which took place on August 16, 1940, to test the innovative concept of inserting United States ground combat forces behind a battle line by means of a parachute; 
Whereas the success of the Army Para-
chute Test Platoon in the days immediately before the entry of the United States into World War II validated the airborne oper-ational concept and led to the creation of a formidable force of airborne formations that included the 11th, 13th, 17th, 82nd, and 101st Airborne Divisions; 
Whereas, included in those divisions, and 
among other separate formations, were many airborne combat, combat support, and combat service support units that served with distinction and achieved repeated suc-cess in armed hostilities during World War II; 
Whereas the achievements of the airborne 
units during World War II prompted the evo-lution of those units into a diversified force of parachute and air-assault units that, over the years, have fought in Korea, Vietnam, Grenada, Panama, the Persian Gulf region, and Somalia, and have engaged in peace-keeping operations in Lebanon, the Sinai Pe-ninsula, the Dominican Republic, Haiti, Bos-nia, and Kosovo; 
Whereas, since the terrorist attacks of 
September 11, 2001, the members of the United States airborne forces, including members of the XVIII Airborne Corps, the 82nd Airborne Division, the 101st Airborne Division, the 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team, the 4th Brigade Combat Team (Air-borne) of the 25th Infantry Division, the 75th 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.017 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6243 August 3, 2015 
Ranger Regiment, special operations forces 
of the Army, Marine Corps, Navy, and Air Force, and other units of the Armed Forces, have demonstrated bravery and honor in combat, stability, and training operations in Afghanistan and Iraq; 
Whereas the modern-day airborne forces 
also include other elite forces composed of airborne trained and qualified special oper-ations warriors, including Army Special Forces, Marine Corps Reconnaissance units, Navy SEALs, and Air Force combat control and pararescue teams; 
Whereas, of the members and former mem-
bers of the United States airborne forces, thousands have achieved the distinction of making combat jumps, dozens have earned the Medal of Honor, and hundreds have earned the Distinguished Service Cross, the Silver Star, or other decorations and awards for displays of heroism, gallantry, intre-pidity, and valor; 
Whereas the members and former members 
of the United States airborne forces are all members of a proud and honorable tradition that, together with the special skills and achievements of those members, distin-guishes the members as intrepid combat parachutists, air assault forces, special oper-ation forces, and, in the past, glider troops; 
Whereas individuals from every State of 
the United States have served gallantly in the airborne forces, and each State is proud of the contributions of its paratrooper vet-erans during the many conflicts faced by the United States; 
Whereas the history and achievements of 
the members and former members of the United States airborne forces warrant spe-cial expressions of the gratitude of the peo-ple of the United States; and 
Whereas, since the airborne forces, past 
and present, celebrate August 16 as the anni-versary of the first official jump by the Army Parachute Test Platoon, August 16 is an appropriate day to recognize as National Airborne Day: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates August 16, 2015, as ‘‘National 
Airborne Day’’; and 
(2) calls on the people of the United States 
to observe National Airborne Day with ap-propriate programs, ceremonies, and activi-ties. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2544. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. 
HELLER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2545. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. 
K
IRK, and Ms. M URKOWSKI ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1881, to prohibit Federal fund-ing of Planned Parenthood Federation of America; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2546. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. 
W
ARNER , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. C OATS , Ms. 
AYOTTE , and Mrs. M CCASKILL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2547. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2548. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to 
lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2544. Mr. BOOKER (for himself 
and Mr. H ELLER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 32, between lines 20 and 21, insert 
the following: 
(6) L IMITATION ON RECEIPT OF CYBER THREAT  
INDICATORS .—A Federal entity may not re-
ceive a cyber threat indicator that another Federal entity shared through the process developed and implemented under paragraph (1) unless the Inspector General of the re-ceiving Federal entity certifies that the re-ceiving Federal entity meets the data secu-rity standard for receiving such a cyber threat indicator, as established by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. 
On page 52, strike line 14 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 10. REPORT ON REDUCTION OF CYBERSECU-
RITY RISK IN AGENCY DATA CEN-TERS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Home-land Security, in coordination with the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the feasibility of Federal civilian agencies creating an envi-ronment for the reduction in cybersecurity risks in agency data centers, including by— 
(1) increasing compartmentalization be-
tween systems; and 
(2) providing a mix of security controls be-
tween such compartments. 
SEC. 11. CONFORMING AMENDMENT. 
SA 2545. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, 
Mr. K IRK, and Ms. M URKOWSKI ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1881, to prohibit Federal funding of Planned Parenthood Federation of America; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. LIMITATION ON FUNDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, no Federal funds shall be made available to any affiliate, sub-sidiary, successor, or clinic of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc. if that affiliate, subsidiary, successor, or clinic receives compensation for facilitating the donation of fetal tissue products derived from an abortion. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this Act shall be construed to— 
(1) affect any limitation contained in an 
appropriations Act relating to abortion; or 
(2) reduce overall Federal funding available 
in support of women’s health. 
(c) I NVESTIGATION AND REPORT .—Not later 
than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall conduct an investigation, and submit to Congress a report on the findings of such investigation, concerning whether or not the Planned Par-enthood Federation of America, Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, or clinics has engaged in any illegal activity 
pertaining to fetal tissue products. 
SA 2546. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, 
Mr. W ARNER , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. C OATS , 
Ms. A YOTTE , and Mrs. M CCASKILL ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of in-formation about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE II—FEDERAL INFORMATION SECU-
RITY MANAGEMENT REFORM ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal In-
formation Security Management Reform Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 202. DUTIES OF THE SECRETARY OF HOME-
LAND SECURITY RELATED TO IN-FORMATION SECURITY. 
Section 3553(b)(6) of title 44, United States 
Code, is amended by striking subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) operating consolidated intrusion de-
tection, prevention, or other protective capa-bilities and use of associated counter-measures for the purpose of protecting agen-cy information and information systems from information security threats; 
‘‘(C) providing incident detection, analysis, 
mitigation, and response information and re-mote or onsite technical assistance to the head of an agency; 
‘‘(D) compiling and analyzing data on 
agency information security; 
‘‘(E) developing and conducting targeted 
risk assessments and operational evaluations for agency information and information sys-tems in consultation with the heads of other agencies or governmental and private enti-ties that own and operate such systems, that may include threat, vulnerability, and im-pact assessments; 
‘‘(F) in conjunction with other agencies 
and the private sector, assessing and fos-tering the development of information secu-rity technologies and capabilities for use across multiple agencies; and 
‘‘(G) coordinating with appropriate agen-
cies and officials to ensure, to the maximum extent feasible, that policies and directives issued under paragraph (2) are complemen-tary with— 
‘‘(i) standards and guidelines developed for 
national security systems; and 
‘‘(ii) policies and directives issued by the 
Secretary of Defense and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence under subsection (e)(1); and’’. 
SEC. 203. COMMUNICATIONS AND SYSTEM TRAF-
FIC AND DIRECTION TO AGENCIES. 
Section 3553 of title 44, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(h) C
OMMUNICATIONS AND SYSTEMS TRAF-
FIC.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) A CQUISITION BY THE SECRETARY .—Not-
withstanding any other provision of law and subject to subparagraph (B), in carrying out the responsibilities under subparagraphs (B), (C), and (E) of subsection (b)(6), if the Sec-retary makes a certification described in paragraph (2), the Secretary may acquire, intercept, retain, use, and disclose commu-nications and other system traffic that are transiting to or from or stored on agency in-formation systems and deploy counter-measures with regard to the communications and system traffic. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The authorities of the 
Secretary under this subsection shall not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AU6.006 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6244 August 3, 2015 
apply to a communication or other system 
traffic that is transiting to or from or stored on a system described in paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (e). 
‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE BY FEDERAL AGENCY  
HEADS .—The head of a Federal agency or de-
partment is authorized to disclose to the Secretary or a private entity providing as-sistance to the Secretary under paragraph (A), information traveling to or from or stored on an agency information system, notwithstanding any other law that would otherwise restrict or prevent agency heads from disclosing such information to the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—A certification de-
scribed in this paragraph is a certification by the Secretary that— 
‘‘(A) the acquisitions, interceptions, and 
other countermeasures are reasonably nec-essary for the purpose of protecting agency information systems from information secu-rity threats; 
‘‘(B) the content of communications will be 
retained only if the communication is asso-ciated with a known or reasonably suspected information security threat, and commu-nications and system traffic will not be sub-ject to the operation of a countermeasure unless associated with the threats; 
‘‘(C) information obtained under activities 
authorized under this subsection will only be retained, used, or disclosed to protect agency information systems from information secu-rity threats, mitigate against such threats, or, with the approval of the Attorney Gen-eral, for law enforcement purposes when the information is evidence of a crime which has been, is being, or is about to be committed; 
‘‘(D) notice has been provided to users of 
agency information systems concerning the potential for acquisition, interception, re-tention, use, and disclosure of communica-tions and other system traffic; and 
‘‘(E) the activities are implemented pursu-
ant to policies and procedures governing the acquisition, interception, retention, use, and disclosure of communications and other sys-tem traffic that have been reviewed and ap-proved by the Attorney General. 
‘‘(3) P
RIVATE ENTITIES .—The Secretary may 
enter into contracts or other agreements, or otherwise request and obtain the assistance 
of, private entities that provide electronic communication or information security services to acquire, intercept, retain, use, and disclose communications and other sys-tem traffic in accordance with this sub-section. 
‘‘(4) N
O CAUSE OF ACTION .—No cause of ac-
tion shall exist against a private entity for assistance provided to the Secretary in ac-cordance with paragraph (3). 
‘‘(i) D
IRECTION TO AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
3554, and subject to subparagraph (B), in re-sponse to a known or reasonably suspected information security threat, vulnerability, or incident that represents a substantial threat to the information security of an agency, the Secretary may issue a directive to the head of an agency to take any lawful action with respect to the operation of the information system, including such systems owned or operated by another entity on be-half of an agency, that collects, processes, stores, transmits, disseminates, or otherwise maintains agency information, for the pur-pose of protecting the information system from, or mitigating, an information security threat. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The authorities of the 
Secretary under this subsection shall not apply to a system described in paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (e). 
‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES FOR USE OF AUTHORITY .— 
The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) in coordination with the Director and 
in consultation with Federal contractors, as appropriate, establish procedures governing the circumstances under which a directive may be issued under this subsection, which shall include— 
‘‘(i) thresholds and other criteria; ‘‘(ii) privacy and civil liberties protections; 
and 
‘‘(iii) providing notice to potentially af-
fected third parties; 
‘‘(B) specify the reasons for the required 
action and the duration of the directive; 
‘‘(C) minimize the impact of a directive 
under this subsection by— 
‘‘(i) adopting the least intrusive means 
possible under the circumstances to secure the agency information systems; and 
‘‘(ii) limiting directives to the shortest pe-
riod practicable; and 
‘‘(D) notify the Director and the head of 
any affected agency immediately upon the issuance of a directive under this subsection. 
‘‘(3) I
MMINENT THREATS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-
mines that there is an imminent threat to agency information systems and a directive under this subsection is not reasonably like-ly to result in a timely response to the threat, the Secretary may authorize the use of protective capabilities under the control of the Secretary for communications or other system traffic transiting to or from or stored on an agency information system without prior consultation with the affected agency for the purpose of ensuring the secu-rity of the information or information sys-tem or other agency information systems. 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION .—The au-
thority under this paragraph may not be del-egated to an official in a position lower than an Assistant Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—The Secretary shall imme-
diately notify the Director and the head and chief information officer (or equivalent offi-cial) of each affected agency of— 
‘‘(i) any action taken under this sub-
section; and 
‘‘(ii) the reasons for and duration and na-
ture of the action. 
‘‘(D) O
THER LAW .—Any action of the Sec-
retary under this paragraph shall be con-sistent with applicable law. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may di-
rect or authorize lawful action or protective capability under this subsection only to— 
‘‘(A) protect agency information from un-
authorized access, use, disclosure, disrup-tion, modification, or destruction; or 
‘‘(B) require the remediation of or protect 
against identified information security risks with respect to— 
‘‘(i) information collected or maintained 
by or on behalf of an agency; or 
‘‘(ii) that portion of an information system 
used or operated by an agency or by a con-tractor of an agency or other organization on behalf of an agency.’’. 
SEC. 204. REPORT TO CONGRESS REGARDING OF-
FICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET ENFORCEMENT ACTION. 
Section 3553 of title 44, United States Code, 
as amended by section 203, is further amend-ed by inserting at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(j) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than Feb-
ruary 1 of every year, the Director shall re-port to the appropriate congressional com-mittee regarding the specific actions the Di-rector has taken pursuant to subsection (a)(5), including any actions taken pursuant to paragraph (5) of title 40 of section 11303(b). 
‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM -
MITTEE .—In this subsection, the term ‘appro-
priate congressional committee’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Appropriations and 
the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Appropriations and 
the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SA 2547. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 16, beginning on line 11, strike 
‘‘knows’’ and all that follows through ‘‘knows’’ on line 19, and insert ‘‘reasonably believes at the time of sharing to be personal information or information that identifies a specific person not directly related to a cy-bersecurity threat and remove such informa-tion; or 
(B) implement and utilize a technical capa-
bility configured to remove any information contained within such indicator that the en-tity reasonably believes 
SA 2548. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 11, line 22, strike ‘‘knows’’ and in-
sert ‘‘reasonably believes’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on August 3, 2015, at 5 p.m., to conduct a classified briefing entitled ‘‘JCPOA: The Verification and Assess-ment Report.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL AIRBORNE DAY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 241. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 241) designating Au-
gust 16, 2015, as ‘‘National Airborne Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 241) was 
agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AU6.008 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6245 August 3, 2015 
The preamble was agreed to. 
(The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’ 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, August 4; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-
ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; further, that the major-ity control the first half and the Demo-crats control the final half; further, that following morning business, the Senate resume consideration of the 
motion to proceed to S. 754; and fi-nally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 7:10 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, August 4, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AU6.086 S03AUPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1205 August 3, 2015 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Au-
gust 4, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
AUGUST 5 
Time to be announced 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Business meeting to consider pending 
calendar business. 
TBA 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the implica-
tions of sanctions relief under the Iran agreement. 
SD–538 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
Business meeting to consider S. 1324, to 
require the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency to fulfill certain requirements before regulating standards of performance for new, modified, and reconstructed fossil fuel- fired electric utility generating units, S. 1523, to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to reauthorize the National Estuary Program, S. 1500, to clarify Congressional intent regard-ing the regulation of the use of pes-ticides in or near navigable waters, S. 722, to extend the date after which in-terest earned on obligations held in the wildlife restoration fund may be avail-able for apportionment, S. 1707, to des-ignate the Federal building located at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Build-ing, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’, S. 1147, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South 
Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Ju-dicial Center’’, S. 124, to amend the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 to deauthorize the Ten Mile Creek Water Preserve Area Critical Restora-tion Project, H.R. 2559, to designate the ‘‘PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas, and other pending calendar business. 
SD–406 
Committee on Finance 
Closed business meeting to consider 
pending calendar business, S–211, to be immediately followed by a business meeting to consider the nominations of Marisa Lago, of New York, to be a Dep-uty United States Trade Representa-tive, with the rank of Ambassador, and W. Thomas Reeder, Jr., of Virginia, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
SD–215 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine reauthor-
izing the Higher Education Act, focus-ing on opportunities to improve stu-dent success. 
SD–430 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine the Depart-
ment of Justice’s legal obligation to ensure Inspector General access to all records needed for independent over-sight. 
SD–106 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the implica-
tions of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action for United States policy in the Middle East. 
SD–419 
AUGUST 6 
9 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine agency 
progress in retrospective review of ex-isting regulations. 
SD–342 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the procure-
ment, acquisition, testing, and over-sight of the Navy’s Gerald R. Ford -class 
aircraft carrier program. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the 2015 
Trafficking in Persons Report. 
SD–419 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
Business meeting to consider S. 799, to 
combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syn-
drome, S. 1893, to reauthorize and im-prove programs related to mental health and substance use disorders, S. 481, to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to drug scheduling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registra-tion of manufacturers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical testing, and the nominations of Karen Bollinger DeSalvo, of Louisiana, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Health and Human Services, Kathryn K. Matthew, of South Carolina, to be Director of the Institute of Museum and Library Serv-ices for a term of four years, W. Thom-as Reeder, Jr., of Virginia, to be Direc-tor of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, and Walter A. Barrows, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Railroad Retirement Board for a term expiring August 28, 2019. 
SD–430 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider S. 1814, to 
withhold certain Federal funding from sanctuary cities, and S. 32, to provide the Department of Justice with addi-tional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity, and the nominations of John Michael Vazquez, to be United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey, Wilhelmina Marie Wright, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the District of Min-nesota, and Paula Xinis, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland. 
SD–226 
1 p.m. 
Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship 
To hold hearings to examine rising after 
disaster, focusing on improvements and continuing challenges. 
SR–428A 
SEPTEMBER 10 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Adam J. Szubin, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, De-partment of the Treasury. 
SD–538 
CANCELLATIONS 
AUGUST 6 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:46 Aug 03, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M03AU8.000 E03AUPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D921 Monday, August 3, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re ´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6213–S6245 
Measures Introduced: Four bills and two resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1915–1918, and S. Res. 240–241.
                                               Pages S6239–40 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1629, to revise certain authorities of the Dis-
trict of Columbia courts, the Court Services and Of-fender Supervision Agency for the District of Colum-bia, and the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia. (S. Rept. No. 114–110)
            Page S6239 
Measures Passed: 
National Airborne Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 
241, designating August 16, 2015, as ‘‘National Airborne Day’’.
                                                   Pages S6244–45 
Measures Considered: 
Prohibit Federal Funding of Planned Parent-
hood: Senate resumed consideration of the motion to 
proceed to consideration of S. 1881, to prohibit Fed-eral funding of Planned Parenthood Federation of America.
                                                                 Pages S6215–28 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 53 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. 262), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                Pages S6227–28 
Senator McConnell entered a motion to reconsider 
the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S6228 
Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of in-
formation about cybersecurity threats.
    Pages S6228–35 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur on Wednesday, August, 5, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S6228 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at approximately 11 a.m., on Tuesday, August 4, 2015.
          Page S6245 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6240–41 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6241–43 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6235–39 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6243–44 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6244 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—262)                                                                 Page S6228 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 7:10 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Au-gust 4, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6245.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
VERIFICATION AND ASSESSMENT REPORT 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a closed hearing to examine the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action verification and assessment report, after receiving testimony from members of the intel-ligence community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03AU5.REC D03AUPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D922 August 3, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 12 noon on Tuesday, August 4, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D910) 
S. 971, to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-
rity Act to provide for an increase in the limit on the length of an agreement under the Medicare inde-pendence at home medical practice demonstration program. Signed on July 30, 2015. (Public Law 114–39) 
S. 984, to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-
rity Act to provide Medicare beneficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equip-ment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices. Signed on July 30, 2015. (Public Law 114–40) 
H.R. 3236, to provide an extension of Federal-aid 
highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, tran-sit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for health care services. Signed on July 31, 2015. (Public Law 114–41) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
AUGUST 4, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and the military balance in the Middle East, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-
committee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regu-latory Oversight, to hold an oversight hearing to examine litigation at the Environmental Protection Agency and Fish and Wildlife Service, focusing on impacts on the United States economy, States, local communities, and the environment, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine pre-
serving families and reducing the need for foster care, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, focusing on non-proliferation, inspections, and nuclear constraints, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the 
nominations of Ann Calvaresi Barr, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, United States Agency for International Development, and David Malcolm Robinson, of Con-necticut, to be an Assistant Secretary (Conflict and Sta-bilization Operations), and to be Coordinator for Recon-struction and Stabilization, Edwin Richard Nolan, Jr., of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Suriname, John L. Estrada, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, and Scott Allen, of Maryland, to be United States Director of the Euro-pean Bank for Reconstruction and Development, all of the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Bureau of Prisons, focusing on first-hand accounts of challenges fac-ing the Federal prison system, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 3 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of August 4 through August 7, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , at approximately 11 a.m., Senate will 
continue consideration of motion to proceed to con-sideration of S. 754, Cybersecurity Information Shar-ing Act. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: August 4, to hold hearings 
to examine the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and the military balance in the Middle East, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
August 6, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine the procurement, acquisition, testing, and oversight of the Navy’s Gerald R. Ford -class aircraft carrier program, 
9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Au-
gust 5, to hold hearings to examine the implications of sanctions relief under the Iran agreement, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Au-
gust 5, business meeting to consider pending calendar business, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03AU5.REC D03AUPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D923 August 3, 2015 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: August 4, 
Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Oversight, to hold an oversight hearing to ex-amine litigation at the Environmental Protection Agency and Fish and Wildlife Service, focusing on impacts on the United States economy, States, local communities, and the environment, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
August 5, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider S. 1324, to require the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency to fulfill certain require-ments before regulating standards of performance for new, modified, and reconstructed fossil fuel-fired electric util-ity generating units, S. 1523, to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to reauthorize the National Estuary Program, S. 1500, to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, S. 722, to extend the date after which interest earned on obligations held in the wildlife restoration fund may be available for apportionment, S. 1707, to designate the Federal building located at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’, S. 1147, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’, S. 124, to amend the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 to deauthor-ize the Ten Mile Creek Water Preserve Area Critical Res-toration Project, H.R. 2559, to designate the ‘‘PFC Mil-ton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas, and other pending calendar business, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: August 4, to hold hearings to ex-
amine preserving families and reducing the need for foster care, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
August 5, Full Committee, closed business meeting to 
consider pending calendar business, S–211, to be imme-diately followed by a business meeting to consider the nominations of Marisa Lago, of New York, to be a Dep-uty United States Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador, and W. Thomas Reeder, Jr., of Virginia, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: August 4, to hold hear-
ings to examine the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, focusing on non-proliferation, inspections, and nuclear constraints, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
August 4, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine the nominations of Ann Calvaresi Barr, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and David Malcolm Robinson, of Connecticut, to be an Assistant Secretary (Conflict and Stabilization Operations), and to be Coordinator for Re-construction and Stabilization, Edwin Richard Nolan, Jr., of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Suriname, John L. Estrada, of Florida, to be Ambassador 
to the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, and Scott Allen, of Maryland, to be United States Director of the Euro-
pean Bank for Reconstruction and Development, all of the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
August 5, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine the implications of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action for United States policy in the Middle East, 2 p.m., SD–419. 
August 6, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine the 2015 Trafficking in Persons Report, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Au-
gust 5, to hold hearings to examine reauthorizing the Higher Education Act, focusing on opportunities to im-prove student success, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
August 6, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider S. 799, to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome, S. 1893, to reauthorize and improve programs related to mental health and sub-stance use disorders, S. 481, to amend the Controlled Substances Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to drug scheduling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with re-spect to registration of manufacturers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical testing, and the nominations of Karen Bollinger DeSalvo, of Louisiana, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Health and Human Services, Kathryn K. Matthew, of South Carolina, to be Director of the Insti-tute of Museum and Library Services for a term of four years, W. Thomas Reeder, Jr., of Virginia, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, and Walter A. Barrows, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Railroad Re-tirement Board for a term expiring August 28, 2019, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
August 4, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Bureau of Prisons, focusing on first-hand accounts of challenges facing the Federal prison system, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
August 6, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management, to hold hearings to examine agency progress in retrospective review of existing regulations, 9 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: August 5, to hold hearings 
to examine the Department of Justice’s legal obligation to ensure Inspector General access to all records needed for independent oversight, 10 a.m., SD–106. 
August 6, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider S. 1814, to withhold certain Federal funding from sanctuary cities, and S. 32, to provide the Department of Justice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity, and the nominations of John Michael Vazquez, to be United States District Judge for the Dis-trict of New Jersey, Wilhelmina Marie Wright, to be United States District Judge for the District of Min-nesota, and Paula Xinis, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03AU5.REC D03AUPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D924 August 3, 2015 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: August 
6, to hold hearings to examine rising after disaster, focus-ing on improvements and continuing challenges, 1 p.m., SR–428A. Select Committee on Intelligence: August 4, to hold closed 
hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 3 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03AU5.REC D03AUPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D925 August 3, 2015 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-
panying report. A total of 109 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 239 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re ´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. 
The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY 
January 6 through July 31, 2015 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 111 104 . . 
Time in session ................................... 716 hrs, 15 ′ 533 hrs, 22 ′ ..  
Congressional Record: 
Pages of proceedings ................... 6,211 5,783 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,204 . . 
Public bills enacted into law ............... 9 32 41 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... 2 2 . . Measures passed, total ......................... 245 330 575 
Senate bills .................................. 45 11 . . House bills .................................. 38 212 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 1 . . House joint resolutions ............... 1 3 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 8 5 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 13 15 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 139 83 . . 
Measures reported, total ...................... 168 233 401 
Senate bills .................................. 127 2 . . House bills .................................. 16 183 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 1 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 3 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 24 44 . . 
Special reports ..................................... 16 5 . . Conference reports ............................... 1 1 . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 125 45 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 2,185 3,978 6,163 
Bills ............................................. 1,905 3,437 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 21 63 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 20 71 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 239 407 . . 
Quorum calls ....................................... 6 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 261 187 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 301 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... 2 . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS 
January 6 through July 31, 2015 
Civilian nominations, totaling 272, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 60 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 205 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 7 
Other Civilian nominations, totaling 2,466, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,834 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 631 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 
Air Force nominations, totaling 4,897, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,425 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1,471 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 
Army nominations, totaling 1,708, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 552 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1,156 
Navy nominations, totaling 1,952, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,635 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 317 
Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,064, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,061 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 3 
Summary 
Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 
Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 12,359 
Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 8,567 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 3,783 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 9 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D03AU5.REC D03AUPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD926 August 3, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, August 4 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 754, Cybersecurity Information Shar-ing Act. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for 
their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Tuesday, August 4 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: The House is scheduled to meet 
in a Pro Forma session at 12 noon on Tuesday, August 4, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Aug 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D03AU5.REC D03AUPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST