Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6141 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 2015 No. 135 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, September 21, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , SEPTEMBER 18, 2015 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
September 18, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable I LEANA  
ROS-LEHTINEN to act as Speaker pro tempore 
on this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Eternal God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
Once again, we come to ask wisdom, 
patience, peace, and understanding for the Members of this people’s House. At a time when, once again, strong senti-ments stand in opposition, we ask dis-cernment for the Members, that they might judge anew their adherence to principle, conviction, and commit-ment. 
Protect them from the deafness to-
ward one another, lest they slide un-charitably toward an inability to work together to solve the important issues of our day. 
Give them the generosity of heart 
and the courage of true leadership to work toward a common solution which might call for compromise, even sac-rifice on both sides. In the end, may we 
all, as Americans, be proud of the proc-esses of elective, democratic govern-ment. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House her approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. TSONGAS led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
IRAN DEAL 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-
vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. 
Madam Speaker, last week, the House of Representatives thoughtfully voted three times to oppose the Iranian nu-clear deal. This bipartisan effort rep-resented the will of the American peo-ple, where the majority oppose this deal. The first vote was a sense of Con-gress that the President failed to com-ply with the law to submit all agree-ments to Congress. The second vote was to defeat the deal, and the third vote was to prevent the President from lifting sanctions on Iran until 2017. 
I am grateful to Chairman E
DROYCE  
for his leadership in holding hearings and advancing legislation to fight this dangerous deal. Sadly, they are blocked in the Senate by Democrats who fail to see the threats of ‘‘death to America,’’ ‘‘death to Israel.’’ 
This is a historic mistake. The Presi-
dent is flooding billions of dollars to the Iranian regime to fund terrorist at-tacks and has paved the way for Iran to 
develop nuclear weapons. The Presi-dent’s legacy in the Middle East, fail-ing to enforce the red line in Syria, has led to the refugee crisis and chaos, with children drowned at sea. Amer-ican families deserve peace through strength. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18SE7.000 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6142 September 18, 2015 
HONORING MIKE HARPER ON HIS 
88TH BIRTHDAY 
(Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ASHFORD. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to honor my friend, Mike Harper, on his 88th birthday. Mr. Har-per served as the CEO of ConAgra, an agricultural giant and Fortune 500 company headquartered in the heart of my district. 
In 1975, Mike came to Omaha to take 
the helm at ConAgra and presided over a massive expansion of business in Ne-braska. By 1987, though, Nebraska was emerging from the farm crisis and feared the loss of significant corporate presence. Mike personally spearheaded the effort to reform State taxes and regulations that made corporate in-vestment burdensome. 
Between 1975, when Mike took over 
as CEO of ConAgra, and 1987, the prof-its of ConAgra soared, as did the for-tunes of business in Nebraska. Thanks to Mike’s leadership in business and politics, Nebraska now has one of the lowest unemployment rates in the country. My district in particular en-joys a well-balanced economy, includ-ing manufacturing, agriculture, and a wide array of services. 
On this day, I wish to rise to applaud 
this giant of the agriculture industry and a major contributor to the expan-sion and preservation of Nebraska’s local economy. 
Happy birthday to Mike Harper. 
f 
HONORING NAPPANEE MAYOR 
LARRY THOMPSON ON HIS RE-TIREMENT 
(Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today to congratulate Nappanee Mayor Larry Thompson on his retire-ment. A devoted husband and proud fa-ther, Mayor Thompson has dedicated his life to serving his community. He and his wife, Linda, grew up in the Nappanee area and, along with his two children, run their family funeral home business. 
Since his election in 1995, he has been 
instrumental in making Nappanee one of the most vibrant cities in the State of Indiana. He helped establish the Boys and Girls Club of Nappanee and created the West Industrial Park. 
In the aftermath of an F3 tornado 
that struck Nappanee in 2007, Thomp-son led a coalition of community lead-ers to help rebuild the parts of the city that had been destroyed or damaged. 
In addition to his work in the public 
sector, Mayor Thompson is an active member of the community, involved with Kiwanis and the American Red Cross. He has dedicated his life to pub-lic service. 
God bless you, Larry, in your retire-
ment. REPUBLICAN CALENDAR OF 
CHAOS 
(Mr. ISRAEL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ISRAEL. Madam Speaker, House 
Republicans are giving us a fall cal-endar of chaos. We have 5 legislative days before they shut the government down. 
Madam Speaker, this is a bad rerun 
of bad policy. Two years ago, people said they would never shut it down, and they did it. When they shut it down, it cost the economy $24 billion, and 120,000 jobs were lost; and they are going to do it again in 5 days. 
That is not the only deadline, Madam 
Speaker, in this calendar of chaos. They have missed a deadline for the highway trust fund, costing more jobs. We are careening towards another fis-cal cliff with the debt ceiling. They missed the deadline for the Export-Im-port Bank, which cost a bunch of jobs, 500 lost jobs, as a result of this cal-endar of chaos. 
And there is more. Madam Speaker, 
the American people, everyday Ameri-cans, do not deserve this Republican calendar of chaos. 
f 
FEDERAL WILDLAND 
FIREFIGHTER RECOGNITION ACT 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Madam Speaker, this 
year, 81⁄2million acres so far have been 
consumed due to wildfire. This is ap-proaching the record that we don’t want to break of 10 million that hap-pened in 2006. 
Recently, the Forest Service in this 
year’s wildland fire season has spent $243 million just in the last week of Au-gust alone. We have 30,000 American firefighters deployed, as well as hun-dreds from Australia, New Zealand, and Canada. Despite this dedication, the current Federal firefighters are given erroneous job titles, such as wildland technician or forestry technician. 
H.R. 3363, the Federal Wildland Fire-
fighter Recognition Act, would give them the proper title of wildland fire-fighters and allows those who risk their lives to be recognized properly and given the respect they deserve. Let’s pass H.R. 3363 to give them their proper title. 
f 
STOP PUTTING WOMEN’S HEALTH 
AT RISK 
(Ms. TSONGAS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. TSONGAS. Madam Speaker, we 
have less than 5 legislative days here in Washington before the end of this fiscal year, but instead of funding the gov-ernment, House majority leadership is focused on defunding Planned Parent-hood. For nearly a century, Planned Par-
enthood has been one of the Nation’s leading providers of high quality, af-fordable health care for women. It has fundamentally changed attitudes to-wards women’s reproductive freedom, which has been essential to women’s health and given women more control over their health care decisions. 
One in five women has relied on a 
Planned Parenthood health center for care in her lifetime. They are often one of the few affordable places for women to turn when they are searching for care. Cutting Federal funds to Planned Parenthood means taking away money for cervical cancer screenings, breast care screenings, and other types of nec-essary care. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my friends on 
the other side of the aisle to come to the table and negotiate a way to fund the government and to stop these polit-ical games that put women’s health at risk. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHRISTOPHE 
JEANNIN AND HIS FAMILY ON BECOMING U.S. CITIZENS 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in honor of Citizenship Day, ob-served yesterday, September 17, to rec-ognize all who have become citizens of our great Nation. 
The 10th Congressional District in Il-
linois is a place where thousands of im-migrants have started and grown their businesses, raised their families, and achieved the American Dream. 
Madam Speaker, I believe America is 
a place where goals can be accom-plished and the doors of opportunity are always open for those who work hard. 
Earlier this week, I had the privilege 
of attending a Naturalization Oath Ceremony for some very good friends, the Jeannin family in Chicago. It was a ceremony in Judge Sam Der- Yeghiayan’s chambers, and Christophe, Natalie, Audrey, and Alex all raised their right hand to swear allegiance to the United States of America. 
Madam Speaker, Christophe came to 
the United States with his family in the late seventies. His mother and fa-ther—Gerard and Madeline—and his sisters—Dominique, Sophie, and Ann— were all here and were contributing members of our community. They have all since left, but Christophe has re-mained. 
Madam Speaker, the Jeannin family 
is just one example of immigrants who have made a tremendous impact in our community. We are stronger and a more diverse community because of immigrants that call our Nation home. 
I want to congratulate Christophe, 
Natalie, Audrey, Alex, and all of the citizens this week that have become United States citizens. Congratula-tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.002 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6143 September 18, 2015 
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN 
(Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Madam Speaker, last 
night, nearly 80 of my colleagues joined me in sending a letter to Speaker B
OEHNER urging him to keep the House 
in session every day until we reach a solution that prevents a government shutdown. 
In 2013, we saw how badly a shutdown 
damaged our economy: $24 billion in lost economic activity, 120,000 fewer private sector jobs created during the shutdown, and 20,000 veterans disabil-ities claims per week that were stalled. And yet even though we have nearly 2 weeks left before a shutdown would happen, there are only 5 days of sched-uled activity in this House Chamber. 
The American people can’t afford an-
other self-inflicted Washington wound on our economy. The stakes are just too high to take even a day off. We owe it to working families, seniors, and vet-erans across our Nation to get the job done right now. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF IRANIAN 
TERRORISM ACT 
(Mr. MEEHAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MEEHAN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
to seek justice for victims of Iran’s state-sponsored terror. 
One of those victims is Chief Petty 
Officer Robert Stethem. In June 1985, Petty Officer Stethem, 23 years old, was murdered by Hezbollah terrorists aboard hijacked TWA Flight 847 in Bei-rut. He was executed when the hijack-ers realized he was a United States servicemember. They tortured him, and then they murdered him in cold blood before leaving his body on the tarmac below the plane. 
Madam Speaker, Hezbollah is one of 
Iran’s most lethal terrorist proxies. In 2002, a Federal judge ordered Iran to pay more than $320 million to Stethem’s family and other victims of Flight 847’s hijacking. It is one of the more than 80 judgments that require Iran to pay $43 billion to victims of its radical allies. Not one dime has been paid. 
Despite Iran’s refusal to compensate 
its victims, it will soon get a $150 bil-lion windfall from the end of the sanc-tions under the proposed nuclear deal. In short, Iran’s hardliners will get a payday while their victims await bil-lions of dollars in compensation. 
Madam Speaker, I have introduced 
legislation, the Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act, which prohibits the removal of sanctions until Iran pays every penny it owes. It is the least we can do for victims like Chief Petty Officer Stethem and the families that suffered at Iran’s hands, and I urge my colleagues to support it. b0915 
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. GALLEGO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GALLEGO. Madam Speaker, the 
GOP’s dysfunction has real con-sequences for the hard-working Ameri-cans who elected us and who are trying to make ends meet for their families. 
Rather than pass a long-term high-
way bill that invests in our crumbling infrastructure and creates jobs, Repub-licans instead keep catering to the most radical elements of their base. 
Madam Speaker, this is irresponsible. 
The American people deserve better. It is time for the Republican Congress to come to its senses and for this Con-gress to come together for the good of the people who elected us. 
f 
BORN-ALIVE ABORTION 
SURVIVORS PROTECTION ACT 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, 
pursuant to House Resolution 421, I call up the bill (H.R. 3504) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a healthcare practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 421, the bill is considered read. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3504 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Born-Alive 
Abortion Survivors Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds as follows: (1) If an abortion results in the live birth of 
an infant, the infant is a legal person for all purposes under the laws of the United States, and entitled to all the protections of such laws. 
(2) Any infant born alive after an abortion 
or within a hospital, clinic, or other facility has the same claim to the protection of the law that would arise for any newborn, or for any person who comes to a hospital, clinic, or other facility for screening and treatment or otherwise becomes a patient within its care. 
SEC. 3. BORN-ALIVE INFANTS PROTECTION. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS PERTAINING TO BORN- 
ALIVE ABORTION SURVIVORS .—Chapter 74 of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1531 the following: 
‘‘§ 1532. Requirements pertaining to born- 
alive abortion survivors 
‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR HEALTH CARE 
PRACTITIONERS .—In the case of an abortion 
or attempted abortion that results in a child born alive (as defined in section 8 of title 1, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Born-Alive Infants Protection Act’)): 
‘‘(1) D
EGREE OF CARE REQUIRED ; IMMEDIATE  
ADMISSION TO A HOSPITAL .—Any health care 
practitioner present at the time the child is born alive shall— 
‘‘(A) exercise the same degree of profes-
sional skill, care, and diligence to preserve the life and health of the child as a reason-
ably diligent and conscientious health care practitioner would render to any other child born alive at the same gestational age; and 
‘‘(B) following the exercise of skill, care, 
and diligence required under subparagraph (A), ensure that the child born alive is imme-diately transported and admitted to a hos-pital. 
‘‘(2) M
ANDATORY REPORTING OF VIOLA -
TIONS .—A health care practitioner or any 
employee of a hospital, a physician’s office, or an abortion clinic who has knowledge of a failure to comply with the requirements of paragraph (1) shall immediately report the failure to an appropriate State or Federal law enforcement agency, or to both. 
‘‘(b) P
ENALTIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Whoever violates sub-
section (a) shall be fined under this title or imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. 
‘‘(2) I
NTENTIONAL KILLING OF CHILD BORN  
ALIVE .—Whoever intentionally performs or 
attempts to perform an overt act that kills a child born alive described under subsection (a), shall be punished as under section 1111 of this title for intentionally killing or at-tempting to kill a human being. 
‘‘(c) B
AR TO PROSECUTION .—The mother of a 
child born alive described under subsection (a) may not be prosecuted under this section, for conspiracy to violate this section, or for an offense under section 3 or 4 of this title based on such a violation. 
‘‘(d) C
IVILREMEDIES .— 
‘‘(1) C IVIL ACTION BY A WOMAN ON WHOM AN  
ABORTION IS PERFORMED .—If a child is born 
alive and there is a violation of subsection (a), the woman upon whom the abortion was performed or attempted may, in a civil ac-tion against any person who committed the violation, obtain appropriate relief. 
‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE RELIEF .—Appropriate re-
lief in a civil action under this subsection in-cludes— 
‘‘(A) objectively verifiable money damage 
for all injuries, psychological and physical, occasioned by the violation of subsection (a); 
‘‘(B) statutory damages equal to 3 times 
the cost of the abortion or attempted abor-tion; and 
‘‘(C) punitive damages. ‘‘(3) A
TTORNEY ’S FEE FOR PLAINTIFF .—The 
court shall award a reasonable attorney’s fee to a prevailing plaintiff in a civil action under this subsection. 
‘‘(4) A
TTORNEY ’S FEE FOR DEFENDANT .—If a 
defendant in a civil action under this sub-section prevails and the court finds that the plaintiff’s suit was frivolous, the court shall award a reasonable attorney’s fee in favor of the defendant against the plaintiff. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) A BORTION .—The term ‘abortion’ means 
the use or prescription of any instrument, medicine, drug, or any other substance or de-vice— 
‘‘(A) to intentionally kill the unborn child 
of a woman known to be pregnant; or 
‘‘(B) to intentionally terminate the preg-
nancy of a woman known to be pregnant, with an intention other than— 
‘‘(i) after viability, to produce a live birth 
and preserve the life and health of the child born alive; or 
‘‘(ii) to remove a dead unborn child. ‘‘(2) A
TTEMPT .—The term ‘attempt’, with 
respect to an abortion, means conduct that, under the circumstances as the actor be-lieves them to be, constitutes a substantial step in a course of conduct planned to cul-minate in performing an abortion.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 74 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.004 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6144 September 18, 2015 
the item pertaining to section 1531 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘1532. Requirements pertaining to born-alive 
abortion survivors.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill 
shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary or their re-spective designees. 
The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. 
G
OODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from 
California (Ms. J UDY CHU) each will 
control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 3504, currently under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Millions of people have viewed videos 
of representatives of the organization Planned Parenthood, which performs some 40 percent of all abortions each year. Those videos, recorded under-cover, include discussions of instances in which during the course of an at-tempted abortion a baby is born ‘‘in-tact.’’ 
As one doctor caught on tape said: 
‘‘Sometimes . . . if someone delivers before we get to see them for a proce-dure, then they’’—the babies—‘‘are in-tact. But that’s not what we go for.’’ 
Another business executive said: ‘‘If 
you had intact cases, which we’ve done a lot, we sometimes ship those back to our lab in its entirety.’’ 
A procurement manager says on a 
video: ‘‘I literally have had women come in and they’ll go in the OR’’—the operating room—‘‘and they’re back out in 3 minutes, and I’m going, ‘What’s going on?’ ‘Oh, yeah. The fetus was al-ready in the vaginal canal whenever we put her in the stirrups. It just fell out.’’’ 
A former employee of the same com-
pany told investigators that she was shown the results of one abortion by a doctor, and she recalls: ‘‘This is the most gestated fetus and the closest thing to a baby I’ve seen . . . and she’’—the doctor—‘‘taps the heart and it starts beating . . . The nodes were still firing and I don’t know if that means it’s technically dead or it’s alive. It had a face. It wasn’t com-pletely torn up. Its nose was very pro-nounced. It had eyelids . . . Since the fetus was so intact, she said, ‘Ok. Well, this is a really good fetus and it looks like we can procure a lot from it. We’re going to procure a brain . . . That means we’re going to have to cut the head open.’ She takes a scissors and she makes a small incision right here’’—at the chin—‘‘and goes, I would 
say, maybe a little bit through the mouth, and she’s like, ‘Ok. Can you go the rest of the way?’. . . And so she gave me the scissors and told me that I have to cut down the middle of the face. And I can’t even describe what that feels like.’’ 
The House Judiciary Committee, 
which I chair, is undergoing a com-prehensive investigation of the issues raised by these videos. But as that and other investigations continue, Con-gress must move immediately to pro-tect any children born alive during the course of a failed abortion. 
The bill before us today is simple, yet 
profound, insofar as it might be a re-flection of the Nation’s conscience. 
Its operative provisions provide that, 
in the case of an abortion that results in a child’s being born alive, any healthcare practitioner present must exercise the same degree of profes-sional care to preserve the life of the child as he or she would render to any other child born alive at the same ges-tational age. The bill also provides that the child must be immediately transported and admitted to a hospital. 
If a baby born alive is left to die, the 
penalty can be up to 5 years in jail. If the child is cut open for its body parts or some other overt act is taken, the punishment is that for first degree murder, which can include life in pris-on or the death penalty. 
Babies are born alive during failed 
abortions. Just last week, the com-mittee heard direct testimony by two grown women who, as babies, survived attempted abortions. The mother of one of them, Gianna Jessen, was ad-vised by Planned Parenthood to have an abortion. 
But, as Ms. Jessen testified, ‘‘Instead 
of dying, after 18 hours of being burned in my mother’s womb, I was delivered alive in an abortion clinic in Los Ange-les.’’ Her medical records state clearly that she was ‘‘born alive’’ during an abortion. 
She continued: ‘‘Thankfully, the 
abortionist was not at work yet. Had he been there, he would have ended my life with strangulation, suffocation, or leaving me there to die. Instead, a nurse called an ambulance, and I was rushed to a hospital. Doctors did not expect me to live. I did. I was later di-agnosed with cerebral palsy, which was caused by a lack of oxygen to my brain while surviving the abortion. I was never supposed to hold my head up or walk. I do. And cerebral palsy is a great gift to me.’’ 
Just think of that for a moment. Ms. 
Jessen says cerebral palsy is a gift to her because it came with the gift of life. Ms. Jessen presented a picture at the hearing, showing the results of the sort of abortion she survived. 
Today, I ask the Nation to see in its 
collective mind the body of a baby, much like this one, on the floor, born alive during a failed abortion. I ask that we collectively reach down into our hearts and, also, reach down to the floor. As we vote today, I ask that we, as a 
nation, grasp the value of life and, also, grasp that baby’s back, lift its tiny body off the ground, and take it to a hospital—and not leave her with the abortionist. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Contrary to its misleading title, this 
bill is not about protecting children born alive. Its real intent is to further undermine a woman’s right to choose, a right that has been constitutionally guaranteed for more than 42 years by Roe v. Wade. 
Not only does this bill attempt to po-
liticize women’s health and to limit women’s access to abortion, it would interfere with the sacred doctor-pa-tient relationship and substitute a phy-sician’s best judgment with the judg-ment of a handful of politicians’. 
We must not forget that this bill has 
come to the floor at the same time as the push to defund Planned Parent-hood. 
This attack on a venerable and re-
spected provider of high-quality health care would have a devastating impact on women, especially women in rural communities, low-income women, and women of color, and it would deny women access to preventive care, life- saving cancer screenings, and family planning services. 
Approximately one woman in five has 
relied on Planned Parenthood for health care at some point in her life-time. It is a blatant attack on women and families to defund an organization that uses Federal funds to prevent abortions and to help families stay healthy and cannot even use Federal funding for abortion. 
It would be the saddest of ironies 
that, by defunding Planned Parent-hood’s critical contraception and other reproductive health services in the name of opposing abortion, we would see more unintended pregnancies and, therefore, more abortions. 
Among its flaws, H.R. 3504 proposes a 
standard of care for abortion providers that could interfere with the ability of physicians to make medical decisions for their patients. 
In doing so, the bill represents an un-
precedented level of intrusion by the government into medical decisions. 
For instance, the bill requires an 
abortion provider to immediately transport a fetus to a hospital in some cases even if the fetus is not viable under existing law and under the standards of care applicable to neo-natal physicians. 
This requirement is so broad and the 
penalties so severe—up to 5 years in prison—that one can only conclude that the real purpose of the bill is to intimidate abortion providers out of service. 
The bill also requires doctors and em-
ployees of hospitals and clinics that provide abortion services to report any violations of the bill’s standard of care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18SE7.004 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6145 September 18, 2015 
to State or Federal law enforcement 
authorities. 
Any person who fails to comply with 
these requirements is threatened with fines and up to 5 years in prison. This is not just the doctors but the cleaning crew and the receptionists. 
On top of this, the language in this 
bill completely fails to distinguish be-tween a viable and non-viable fetus, which is the constitutional line that separates abortions that may be per-formed without restrictions from those that may be regulated or prohibited. 
The bill’s vague and broad mandates, 
combined with severe penalties, will ef-fectively intimidate doctors and ulti-mately drive them away from the abor-tion practice, which appears to be the true intent of this troubling bill. 
This is why so many organizations 
are opposed to this bill, those like the National Women’s Law Center, the AAUW, the ACLU, and Physicians for Reproductive Choice and Health. 
In fact, the American Congress of Ob-
stetricians and Gynecologists, which represents 58,000 physicians, opposes H.R. 3504 because it represents a gross interference in the practice of medi-cine, inserting a politician between a woman and her doctor. 
By intimidating doctors and thereby 
making abortion unavailable as a prac-tical matter, abortion opponents seek to accomplish, in fact, what they have not accomplished in the courts or in public opinion. Simply put, H.R. 3504 is yet another attack on women’s health and rights. 
When the Born-Alive Infant Protec-
tion Act, or BAIPA, became law 13 years ago, the bill’s sponsors clarified that the law was not intended to affect abortion practice or a woman’s right to choose. 
We did not want to constrain or chill 
medical decisions regarding patient care. That is why Judiciary Committee Democrats voted to support it. 
The bill before us today appears to 
directly contradict those assurances. Let’s not forget that politicians are not doctors. 
We should be concerned about doing 
our jobs and fully funding high-quality women’s health care instead of trying to keep doctors from doing theirs. I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this dangerous bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ), the chairman of 
the Constitution and Civil Justice Sub-committee and the author of this legis-lation. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. I thank the 
gentleman. I also thank the gentleman for his commitment to protecting these little babies. 
Madam Speaker, the United States of 
America is an exceptional nation, whose unique core premise is that de-clared conviction that we are all cre-ated equal and that each of us is en-dowed by our Creator with the inalien-able right to live. Abraham Lincoln called upon all of 
us in this Chamber to remember those words of America’s Founding Fathers and ‘‘their enlightened belief that nothing stamped with the divine image and likeness was sent into the world to be trodden on or degraded and imbruted by its fellows.’’ 
He reminded those he called pos-
terity that ‘‘when in the distant future some man, some factions, some inter-ests should set up a doctrine that some were not entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness that ‘their posterity’’’—that is us, Madam Speak-er—‘‘might look up again to the Dec-laration of Independence and take courage to renew the battle which their fathers began.’’ 
b0930 
Madam Speaker, the sincerest pur-
pose of the Born-Alive Abortion Sur-vivors Protection Act is to renew that noble battle to respect and protect those little fellow human beings among us who are this moment being trodden on and degraded and imbruted by their fellows. 
Not long ago, in the land of the free 
and the home of the brave, authorities entered the clinic of Dr. Kermit Gosnell and found a torture chamber for little born-alive babies that defies description within the constraints of the English language. 
The grand jury report at that time 
said, ‘‘Dr. Kermit Gosnell had a simple solution for unwanted babies: he killed them. He didn’t call it that. He called it ‘ensuring fetal demise.’ The way he ensured fetal demise was by sticking scissors in the back of the baby’s neck and cutting the spinal cord. He called it ‘snipping.’ Over the years there were hundreds of ‘snippings’.’’ 
Ashley Baldwin, one of Dr. Gosnell’s 
employees, said she saw babies breath-ing, and she described one as 2 feet long that no longer had eyes or a mouth, but, in her words, was making like this screeching noise and it ‘‘sounded like a little alien.’’ 
And now, in recent days, Madam 
Speaker, numerous video recordings have been released that demonstrate that Kermit Gosnell was just the tip of the iceberg of the abortion industry’s unspeakable cruelty to these little children of God. 
The veil has now been pulled back, 
and all of us now see the walls behind the abortion industry and the horri-fying plight of its little human victims, who we must not forget, are also the least of these, our little brothers and sisters. 
Our response, as a people and a Na-
tion, to these horrors shown in these videos is vital to everything those lying out in Arlington National Ceme-tery died to save. 
The Born-Alive Abortion Survivors 
Protection Act, Madam Speaker, pro-tects little children who have been born alive. No one in this body can ob-scure the humanity and the personhood of these little born-alive babies, nor can they take refuge within the schizo-
phrenic paradox Roe v. Wade has sub-jected this country to, for now, more than 40 years. 
The abortion industry has labored all 
these decades to convince the world that unborn children and born children should be completely separated in our minds, that while born children are persons worthy of protection, unborn children are not persons and are not worthy of protection. 
But, Madam Speaker, those who op-
pose this bill to protect born-alive ba-bies now have the impossible task of trying to join born children and unborn children back together again and then trying to convince all of us to condemn them both as inhuman and not worthy of protection after all. 
To anyone who has not invincibly 
hardened their heart and soul, Madam Speaker, an honest consideration of this absurd inconsistency is profoundly enlightening. 
Because, you see, this country has 
faced such paradox and self-imposed blindness before. There was a time that our own House rules banned any discus-sion or debate in this Chamber about the effort to end human slavery in America. 
But, Madam Speaker, that debate did 
come and with it came a time when the humanity of the victims and the inhu-manity of what was being done to them became so glaring even to the hardest of hearts that it moved an entire na-tion of people to find the compassion and the courage in their own souls to change their position. 
Now, to this generation, Madam 
Speaker, that time has come again. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ), 
an outstanding and leading member of our Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, God 
bless the United States Supreme Court for its Roe v. Wade decision that liber-ated the women of this country to make their own decisions, to exercise their own consciences in the most in-tensely private matter of whether they should carry a pregnancy to term. 
Now, I recognize, of course, that 
there are those who hold the religious conviction that a one-celled orga-nism—one cell, two cells—is a fully formed human being. 
They are entitled to religious convic-
tion. They are not entitled to impose that religious conviction on all the women of this country who may not share it. That is essentially the abor-tion debate. 
We are not debating abortion today, 
although some people would like to. We are debating this ridiculous Born-Alive Survivors Protection Act. 
Fifteen years ago, I stood on this 
floor and supported the Born-Alive In-fants Protection Act. I said it was un-necessary. It simply repeated existing law. 
It has always been the law that, if an 
infant is born, whether that birth was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.007 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6146 September 18, 2015 
intentional or not is irrelevant, that 
that is a person. If you kill that infant, you are guilty of murder or man-slaughter, as the case may be. You cer-tainly may not do so intentionally. 
The Born-Alive Infant Protection Act 
did not change that. It just added su-perfluous language to the law. Its only purpose was to try to paint people who support the right to choose and sup-porters of infanticide. 
So we said, no, it is silly because it 
doesn’t add anything to the law. It simply duplicates the existing law, but we will support it so we cannot be slan-dered that way. 
Now we have this bill, which does es-
sentially two things. One, it repeats, in different language, exactly the same provisions from 15 years ago. 
It doesn’t change the law that we en-
acted 15 years ago, and it doesn’t change the law that preexisted in every State of the Union. If you kill a child, it is murder, period. 
Dr. Gosnell, I would point out, is in 
jail for life because he committed mul-tiple murders. Nobody, but nobody, supports what he does and nobody, ex-cept in some of their fantasies that Mr. F
RANKS says, thinks that Planned Par-
enthood or anybody else supports such actions. 
This bill, however, cannot be sup-
ported because it does one harmful thing. This bill says that the born-alive child must be given the same standard of care whether he is born alive in an attempted abortion or from a regular birth. 
That is already the law. Of course, it 
is the law. It ought to be the law. It must be the law. It always has been the law. 
What it also does is it says that, as 
soon as the doctor has given that child the proper standard of care, he must rush him to the hospital, regardless of whether that might be good or bad for the child, regardless of the standard of care, regardless of whether the nearby hospital has neonatal intensive care units. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. I yield 
an additional 1 minute to the gen-tleman. 
Mr. NADLER. Of course, everybody 
associated with the doctor, under exist-ing law, has the duty of giving the best possible medical care under any cir-cumstances. That may be to transport the baby to the hospital. It may be that the baby is too frail to transport. 
But along comes this bill that says: 
We don’t care about the real situation that doctor faces with that infant. We know how to practice medicine in every situation—we, in Congress—so we are going to say it must be brought to the hospital even if that might kill the child. 
It is just stupid, and that is why this 
bill must be opposed, not because it changes the standard of law or has any-thing to do with born-alive infants, but because it mandates that a child be brought to the hospital when medical 
care might indicate that that child in that situation should not be brought to the hospital. It may kill children. That is why we must oppose this bill. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. F
LEMING ). 
Mr. FLEMING. Madam Speaker, as a 
physician, a father and a grandfather, let me first respond and say that, in the process of a birth, an abortion, there is no way one can tell whether that child is viable until you actually apply health-saving tools and tech-niques to that baby. So that argument that viability and all of that made in advance really makes no sense whatso-ever. 
Look, committing abortions is not 
health care for women. The baby dies a horrifically painful and ghastly death. Her tiny hands and feet, brain, and spi-nal tissues are dissected and sold to the highest bidder, and her mother is ago-nizing over the loss of a child. 
What happens if a child survives this 
barbaric and inhumane murder at-tempt? Abortionists have been known to snip babies’ spines, throw children into plastic bags, or leave the infant to die, away from a human touch and healing care. 
Today’s bill, however, will put a stop 
to the double murder attempt on a baby’s life. It will protect children, in-fants, who are born alive, affording these tiny patients immediate medical attention. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ). 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Madam Speaker, I stand in strong opposition to this punitive and intrusive bill. I am both disturbed and offended that this latest attempt to re-strict women’s access to reproductive health care is based on a series of vid-eos that have been found to be gro-tesquely deceptive and purposefully misleading. 
This is politics at its most manipula-
tive, and politics should never be per-mitted to come between a patient and her doctor. 
This bill attempts to criminalize 
legal medical care and punish millions of women by rolling back reproductive choices. It wages a kind of guerilla warfare against Roe v. Wade by threat-ening doctors with jail time for pro-viding care to their patients. 
The American Congress of Obstetri-
cians and Gynecologists calls the vague requirements and drastic penalties— unnecessary requirements like going to the hospital—scare tactics that are un-necessary and wrong. 
This bill would have the Federal Gov-
ernment threaten doctors who do their job taking care of their patients with up to 5 years’ imprisonment. 
To make it all even more outrageous, 
this bill is based on a series of unsup-ported allegations and it ignores the fact that there has been no evidence of wrongdoing by Planned Parenthood. In fact, five States have now con-
ducted their own investigations into the charges against Planned Parent-hood and have found that no laws have been broken. 
Instead, the backers of this bill rely 
on misleading, badly doctored videos released by an extreme antichoice group as the basis for a slew of legisla-tion to decrease access to care for women in this country who can least afford it. Millions of women rely on Planned Parenthood for their basic health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. I yield 
an additional 30 seconds to the gentle-woman. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. There is no choice in this coun-try which has been guaranteed by our Supreme Court without access to choice. This bill attempts to stop the access to choice by putting doctors in jail by absurd requirements. 
I urge my colleagues to respect the 
relationship between women and their doctors, respect their need for afford-able and available health care, and vote ‘‘no’’ on this punitive and intru-sive bill. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ). 
Mr. ROSKAM. Madam Speaker, my 
heart is heavy with this debate. My heart becomes very heavy when I hear the descriptions of this awful proce-dure. 
My heart becomes even heavier, 
Madam Speaker, when I listen to the 
twisted logic and the distortions of people who find themselves implicitly defending this. 
President Obama has said that he 
will veto this because it is related to abortion services. Yet, Mr. N
ADLER mo-
ments ago said this has nothing to do with abortion, that everybody agrees that these babies are born and deserve the protections of the law. He says, ba-sically, it is a sideshow. It is either one or the other, Madam Speaker, and they don’t get to argue it both ways. 
But I think we ought to be able to 
agree on this, that we are talking about people who are born, who are breathing, whose hearts are pumping, whose fingers are twitching, who have full feeling and deserve every benefit of the doubt and every protection of the law. 
b0945 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ), a 
leading physician in our Congress. 
Mr. RUIZ. Madam Speaker, as an 
emergency physician I am deeply dis-turbed by the provisions in this legisla-tion. The Born-Alive Infants Protec-tion Act was signed into law in 2002. The pro-choice community did not op-pose it, and it passed the House by a voice vote under suspension of the rules. It was consistent with the al-ready high medical and ethical stand-ards within the physician community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.008 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6147 September 18, 2015 
This new bill, however, is unneces-
sary and dangerous. It criminalizes physicians who make serious and com-passionate decisions based on their deep desire to do what is best for the mother, her health, and life. It creates a police state and forces healthcare staffs that do not have medical train-ing to inform law enforcement of their nonmedical questioning of a physi-cian’s sound judgment under the threat of prosecution and imprisonment. This also gives anti-choice lawyers the abil-ity to bully, threaten, and harm a phy-sician’s reputation and practice. 
Infanticide is already illegal in this 
country. This bill is highly intrusive to the patient-doctor relationship. Let’s be clear. This is yet another attempt by anti-choice bully politicians to re-strict a woman’s right to choose and doctors’ ability to provide sound, com-passionate, and safe care for women. It is an aggressive, bullish scare tactic that puts the relationship of the woman and her physician in jeopardy and forces politicians in the middle of decisions that they have no business being involved in. 
I agree with the American College of 
Obstetricians and Gynecologists and other physician groups in opposing this legislation. I stand with the women across this great country that have continued to fight for decades to defend their legal right to choose. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), a champion of 
this cause. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam 
Speaker, undercover videos by The Center for Medical Progress have again brought into sharp focus that some ba-bies actually survive abortion. 
Dr. Ginde, medical director of 
Planned Parenthood Rocky Mountains, says: ‘‘sometimes we get—if somebody delivers before we see them for a proce-dure that they are intact . . .’’ That is, Madam Speaker, born alive, breathing, crying, gasping for air. One fetal tissue broker describes in the video watching a fetus that just ‘‘fell out’’ and was left to die. 
We have a duty to protect these vul-
nerable children from violence, exploi-tation, and death. Humanitarian due diligence requires that born-alive ba-bies be taken to a hospital to obtain care and enhance his or her prospects of survival. Abortion clinics, to the contrary, do not have neonatal inten-sive care units. They are not equipped to protect those children. They are in the business of killing those children— not saving them. 
The grand jury in the abortionist 
Kermit Gosnell case said: ‘‘Gosnell had a simple solution for unwanted babies. He killed them.’’ He euphemistically called ‘‘snipping’’ the born-alive baby’s spinal cord ‘‘ensuring fetal demise.’’ 
Last week, Gianna Jessen, as B
OB 
GOODLATTE noted earlier, an abortion 
survivor, told his Committee on the Judiciary she had survived a Planned Parenthood late-term, multihour abor-tion because ‘‘the abortionist had not 
yet begun the work. Had he been there, he would have ended my life with strangulation, suffocation, or leaving me there to die.’’ 
The Born Alive Abortion Survivors 
Protection Act, authored by pro-life champion T
RENT FRANKS , simply says 
any child who survives an abortion must be given the same care as any other premature baby born at the same gestational age. This legislation builds on the landmark Born-Alive Infants Protection Act of 2002, authored by S
TEVE CHABOT , by adding important 
enforcement provisions. 
Tragically, President Obama, the 
abortion President, has vowed to veto this pro-child, human rights legisla-tion, a position that is extreme, antichild, inhumane, and indefensible. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ), 
the ranking member of our Sub-committee on the Constitution and Civil Justice. 
Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, these 
are very important bills—this bill and the next bill—to the women of this Na-tion and to the people in America be-cause these are rights that are being under attack. There is this Born-Alive bill, which came to the floor through the Committee on Rules, and the next bill, which stops funding of Planned Parenthood, but they are all part of the same thing. They are the same bill. They are the same message. Because what we are doing here in this Con-gress is messaging, and the message is the Republican Party wants to defeat Roe v. Wade. They think that that was a bad bill and that it is wrong to have legalized, in America, for women to have choice. Most of the Democrats don’t think that. 
Neither of these bills went through 
the committee process, which is really abhorrent. In fact, yesterday, we passed a bill about new and novel ideas, saying that you get sanctions, you would be sanctioned as a lawyer, if you brought some case that was frivolous and didn’t really come through the proper procedures. 
If we had that kind of rule in Con-
gress, these bills wouldn’t be allowed to be on the floor, because they are supposed to go through committee where the public has notice, the public has an opportunity to have a witness. The majority side has three witnesses; the minority side has one witness. There is a discussion; there are ques-tions; there are answers; there are statements; there is thought; there is input; there is due process; there is pe-titioning grievances. 
All of this has been abrogated—no 
due process, no regular order. These come straight to the floor because these are messaging bills for the Amer-ican public. The Republican Party and parts of the Republican Party often say: We want our country back. What they want back is a country that is pre-1971, before Roe v. Wade. What they want is a country that is pre-Brown v. 
Board of Education. What they want is a country that is pre-Voting Rights Act, which has been limited by the Su-preme Court and which has not been renewed by this Congress, nor has it gotten a vote. What they want is a country that is free of many of the im-migrants who have come to this coun-try and made it great, particularly from South America, the Caribbean— and that country is not going to come back. 
In my State of Tennessee, the Repub-
licans have filed a bill to declare the Supreme Court decision on same-sex marriage as illegal in Tennessee, nul-lification dripping from their lips, as George Wallace would say, in the courthouse door. 
It is the same thing today: Take our 
country back—no Hispanics, no wom-en’s choice, no civil rights, no voting rights, Dwight D. Eisenhower’s 1950 America. And Dwight D. Eisenhower wasn’t at fault. He tried to bring us forward. 
These bills are part of that same at-
tack on the progress that we have made in America. They have not gone through the proper process, and they are attempts to change America in a way that would affect American women adversely. This bill has a defini-tion of abortion that is new, shouldn’t be done. 
I oppose both bills and the rule. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), a member of the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. CHABOT. Madam Speaker, a few 
years ago, a so-called doctor in Phila-delphia by the name of Kermit Gosnell was killing babies—literally. He ran an abortion clinic there, and as can hap-pen in these houses of horror, some of these innocent, unborn children were actually born alive before they could be exterminated in the womb. 
So there you have a little now-born 
baby squirming, kicking, sometimes crying right there in front of you on the table. So what did Gosnell do? He would take a pair of scissors, plunge them into the baby, and sever his or her spinal cord. No care whatsoever about the pain involved. One of Gosnell’s employees who witnessed this barbarism described the baby’s scream as follows: ‘‘I can’t describe it. It sounded like a little alien.’’ 
Well, this wasn’t an alien. It was a 
human being, just like you and me, al-though in an earlier form of develop-ment. Gosnell, thank God, is in prison. But we have now learned that the larg-est abortion provider in this country, Planned Parenthood, is not only de-stroying the lives of little unborn chil-dren, but selling their body parts for profit. 
I might add that Planned Parenthood 
aborts more babies each year in this country than the population of the city of Cincinnati that I represent. That is every single year, the population of a city, Cincinnati. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.010 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6148 September 18, 2015 
We have got to stop this slaughter. I 
introduced a bill called the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act, which was passed by the House and by the Senate and signed into law by President Bush back in 2002. It helped. The legislation before us today, introduced by Con-gressman T
RENT FRANKS , improves 
that law and will protect more inno-cent babies. 
Please, for God’s sake, let’s pass it 
today and protect those among us who cannot protect themselves. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I would like to reiterate, this is a bill 
that has been introduced with virtually no process. This was introduced less than 48 hours ago, with no hearings and no expert testimony. In fact, those on the other side of the aisle are citing, as evidence, videos that have been shown to be highly edited, that are misleading and fraudulently obtained. There were 47 edits in the video that are shown. Even though Planned Parenthood doc-tors said 10 times that such procedures were not done for profit, that was all edited out. 
This is legislation based on sound 
bites and anti-choice rhetoric and not on facts. 
I continue to reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. H
UELSKAMP ). 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. Madam Speaker, 
earlier this year, many of my col-leagues and I stood on this floor con-demning abortionist Kermit Gosnell for his barbaric murder of babies born alive during attempted abortions. In-stead of providing compassionate care for these precious little babies, Gosnell muffled their cries by snipping the back of their necks with scissors, and we have people on the floor today de-fending that. 
No child should be treated with such 
violence, and no man or woman should be free to perform such heinous acts of murder. 
As an adoptive parent of four incred-
ible children, I cannot help but think of the countless couples across Amer-ica who would have given anything to care for these babies. 
This bill rightly affirms the human-
ity of all babies born alive, rightly af-fords them the full protection of the law, and punishes any abortionist who denies these infants their dignity and right to life. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, 
may I inquire how much time is re-maining on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia has 12
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentlewoman from California has 12
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. S
TUTZMAN ). Mr. STUTZMAN. Madam Speaker, 
what does it say about this Congress that today we are here on the House floor debating the killing and har-vesting of aborted babies? How can there possibly be two sides to this? I don’t understand. How can we not take a step back and look at this objec-tively? 
The gentlewoman from California 
mentioned that these videos were high-ly edited. I don’t know if they have watched the videos, but if you watch the videos, how can you say that the doctor who is pulling salad from a salad bowl and mentions that she can take the babies and crush the top and the bottom parts of the babies and har-vest the body parts in between is high-ly edited? This is not. These are not. This information on these videos shows the barbaric activity. 
These bills before us today deal with 
this problem. Madam Speaker, I im-plore that this Chamber take a step back and look at what is on these vid-eos and the information that we have on these videos and realize that we must move forward on these two bills and stop this barbaric action. 
b1000 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, 
it is my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ). 
Mr. PALMER. Madam Speaker, this 
is a fundamental American value. For our Founders, life was the first right. They understood that there is an order to things that even nature teaches us. They understood and fully embraced that the first and foremost right is life because, without life, there is no lib-erty; without life, there is no pursuit of happiness; without life, there is no dis-cussion of a right to privacy or a right to choose; because, without life, there is nothing to choose. 
Life presupposes and precedes all 
other rights. Our Founders understood this, but somewhere along the way to where we are now, we have gone from protecting the right that is the basis of all rights to deciding that unborn chil-dren and even children born alive can have their lives taken because their or-gans and tissues are more valuable than they are. 
It is inconceivable that a nation 
founded on the idea that life is the in-dispensable right, the indisputable right, could be at this place in our his-tory when living children in their mother’s womb—and even some who have been born alive—can be killed with the callousness and cold- bloodedness that none of our fore-fathers would have dreamed could exist in America. 
This decision whether to continue 
funding this barbaric practice is really about exposing the charade of the Fed-eral Government supporting women’s health care, when in fact it is really about subsidizing the killing and muti-
lation of babies with taxpayers’ money. This has to stop. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. B
ERA), an 
outstanding doctor. 
Mr. BERA. Madam Speaker, as a doc-
tor, I find these bills troubling. The oath I took is to do what is best for my patients. 
One of these bills that is coming up 
today criminalizes the practice of med-icine and questions doctors’ judgments. It attempts to intimidate doctors from providing safe, evidence-based medi-cine and from doing our job, which is to sit with our patients, answer their questions, and give them the best med-ical advice and let them make the deci-sions that affect their lives. 
This is unprecedented. It sets a 
precedent where those without any medical training can dictate medical practice and make choices for patients. This definitely oversteps any legal bounds. These are choices that should be made between doctors and patients. 
Congressional interference into how 
we practice is overreach. It is a dra-matic overreach, and it is dangerous because it sets a dangerous legislative precedent. 
What makes the healthcare delivery 
system in America so great is that it is accessible to folks and that we under-stand and protect the doctor-patient privilege. That is at the very founda-tion of the oath we take when we enter the profession of medicine. 
Now, the other bill that we are vot-
ing on today also dramatically re-stricts access. If you think about the number of women in America who get their care from Planned Parenthood, the preventive health services that Planned Parenthood provides is re-markable. 
One in five women in this country 
have used a Planned Parenthood facil-ity. It is a remarkably effective way 
for women to get their health care— and it is not just women; many men also use Planned Parenthood. 
We should be having the exact oppo-
site debate. We should be talking about how we can improve access to care, how we can make sure every American has access to all of their reproductive options. We should want to be talking about how we strengthen the doctor- patient relationship, how we take the government out of the exam room, how we leave some of the most intimate choices to the doctor and the patient. 
Again, the oath that I took when I 
entered the profession was to sit with my patients, answer their questions, but then empower them to make the choices that fit their life cir-cumstances. That is what we should be fighting for. Those are our principles. That is who we are as Americans with those freedoms. 
Madam Speaker, let’s talk about how 
we improve access to care. Let’s talk about how we strengthen the doctor- patient relationship. This is about pro-tecting people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.011 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6149 September 18, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, 
it is my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the majority leader. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Madam Speaker, 
last week, the Judiciary Committee heard testimony from people who had survived abortions. They spoke as part of the House’s ongoing investigation into the practices depicted in the hor-rific videos that we have all seen. 
One of these people who spoke was 
Gianna Jessen. She told the committee that, when her biological mother was 7
1⁄2months pregnant, she went to 
Planned Parenthood, where they ad-vised her mother to have an abortion. That is what her mother did. 
By a miracle—and despite the best ef-
forts to end her life—Gianna was born alive; and because she was born before the abortionist had gotten into work, a nurse called an ambulance. Gianna was rushed to the hospital—and she lived— though she suffers from cerebral palsy because of the attempted abortion. 
There are so many others who aren’t 
as lucky as Gianna. The Born-Alive Survivors Protection Act—that is what we are voting on today—will help save the lives of those children. It would im-pose criminal penalties on any medical professional who fails to give the same medical attention to children born after an abortion as they would to any other premature newborn baby. 
The simple fact is that, when a baby 
is born alive, it doesn’t matter how he or she was born. They are living human beings who deserve our care. 
We are also here today, Madam 
Speaker, to talk in particular about Planned Parenthood, the organization that tried to take Gianna’s life. I think, for the purpose of this debate, it is very important to understand what this organization is. 
Many on the other side say that they 
are just devoted to women’s health. The facts say something different. In the last year on record, they performed 327,653 abortions. That was in 1 year. Anyone who tells you that they are not in the abortion business doesn’t know that number. 
Some defend them because they pro-
vide women’s health services, but they don’t have a monopoly on women’s health. There are tens of thousands of alternatives all across the country for women, from community health cen-ters to pregnancy health centers to maternity homes, medical clinics, and more. Community health clinics actu-ally outnumber Planned Parenthood clinics by the thousands, and they offer the same health services to women, if not more. 
If we know that this organization 
performs hundreds of thousands of abortions per year and we know that women have access to other sources for care, the question is: Should we force taxpayers to fund a business that spends its money aborting 372,653 chil-dren per year? Should we force tax-payers to fund an organization whose barbaric practices, as vividly shown in those videos, disregard and devalue the 
sanctity of the most innocent human lives? 
The gruesome videos that we have 
seen opened the eyes of America. As we struggle to understand how something so barbaric could happen in this coun-try, we need to get all the facts. Are patients giving sufficient informed consent? Were the body parts of babies sold for profit? 
These—and more—are the questions 
we need to answer. While we find those answers, we have a moral responsi-bility to put a moratorium on the fund-ing. There is no reason the American people should be forced to give their money to such an organization. There is no reason—absolutely no reason— that we must choose between funding women’s health and compelling tax-payers to support abortion. 
As we approach this vote, I want 
every Member to ask themselves a sim-ple question: In the face of these videos and with all the alternatives women have for health, why would you want to force your constituents to pay for something so evil? 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, 
it is my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Madam Speaker, to 
reflect on what the gentleman from California was saying, recalling the testimony last week of survivors of abortion, their stories are remarkable. They show the deep appreciation that they have for their lives, and they are so grateful to have survived the at-tacks on their life. So many others who did not survive will never have the chance to express such gratitude. 
We also know that ultrasound tech-
nology allows us to see how unborn children grow and develop; their hu-manity is abundantly clear and so should be their right to life. 
Our Declaration of Independence rec-
ognizes that the right to life is inalien-able. It is given by our Creator. Indeed, President Kennedy, 54 years ago, pushed back against those who would undermine this fundamental precept of our Nation when he recognized that ‘‘the same revolutionary beliefs for which our forebears fought are still at issue around the globe—the belief that the rights of man come not from the generosity of the state but from the hand of God.’’ 
Giving abortion survivors the same 
care and legal protection that any other child born at the same level of gestation would receive at birth is hu-mane and essential. It also complies with the equal protection bedrock of our country. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ), the chairman of the House Republican Policy Com-
mittee. 
Mr. MESSER. Madam Speaker, Prov-
erbs 31:8 calls us all to speak for those who can’t speak for themselves. That is why I am here today. 
I refuse to say nothing while Planned 
Parenthood executives are revealed casually putting a price tag on human life and haggling over the dollar value of an aborted child’s lungs, kidneys, and heart. These actions are unthink-able. 
This legislation is actually a modest 
proposal that would place an imme-diate 1-year moratorium on all Federal funding of Planned Parenthood. It also funds women’s health by taking the half-billion dollars that taxpayers send to Planned Parenthood every year and putting it instead in the hands of com-munity organizations and health clin-ics that focus on saving lives, not end-ing them. 
Madam Speaker, no matter where 
you fall on the abortion debate, we can all agree that no unborn child should be dismembered and sold part by part. Where that is happening, let’s stop it and join together to speak for those who can’t speak for themselves. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. D
EUTCH ). 
Mr. DEUTCH. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to urge my colleagues to reject these bills and to get to work. The U.S. Federal Government is set to shut down in a matter of days. Shouldn’t we be working together to stop a prevent-able crisis that will hurt our economy and tarnish our Nation’s image? It is our job. That is what we are here to do. 
Instead, we are debating a bill that is 
based on a false premise. I am not talk-ing about some debunked and discred-ited viral videos on the Internet, nor am I talking about the lie that defunding Planned Parenthood will prevent Federal dollars from funding abortion. 
b1015 
As many of my colleagues have al-
ready pointed out, our laws have long prohibited Federal dollars from being used to pay for abortion. 
What I am talking about, Madam 
Speaker, is the 28 men who wrote Speaker B
OEHNER this summer de-
manding—demanding—that we either defund Planned Parenthood or stop funding the Federal Government: 28 men who, I guarantee you, have never relied on just one health provider in their community to get a Pap smear; 28 men who, I guarantee you, have never had to end a sentence about their edu-cational goals or their financial or ca-reer aspirations with the phrase, ‘‘un-less I get pregnant’’; 28 men who hatched this plan to deny basic health care to millions of women—millions of women, I might add, that have been marginalized by this Congress. Their voices are not being heard today nor are they being represented, not in these bills. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.013 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6150 September 18, 2015 
Why? 
Because Speaker B OEHNER would 
rather let 28 men set the agenda for this entire House than seek out bipar-tisan support needed to fund education programs, health care, veterans pro-grams, and services for our seniors. That is what we should be doing. 
Madam Speaker, these bills defund 
access to health care that has noth-ing—absolutely nothing—to do with abortion unless, Madam Speaker, I should say that we are talking about the more than 350,000 abortions that Planned Parenthood prevents every year by providing contraception and health care and education. 
I understand that my colleagues 
don’t recognize the reproductive rights of women. I understand that is their view. I, Madam Speaker, recognize that women have those rights, and I urge my colleagues to reject these bills. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). 
Mr. BABIN. Madam Speaker, we 
must pass this bill today, the Born- Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. 
We have seen the gruesome videos. 
They are not doctored. 
I dare say, none of these folks that 
we are hearing from the other side of the aisle have watched them all. How can they make a recommendation or an appraisal? 
They show senior Planned Parent-
hood officials, former employees, and a tissue procurement company dis-cussing the sale of ‘‘intact’’ unborn baby parts. This is disgusting. It is in-humane. 
A society and culture that refuses to 
stand up and say this will not be toler-ated is a society that is in grave dan-ger. 
A child born alive during an abortion 
procedure is the most vulnerable living human being on Earth, and they should be granted full legal protections. Med-ical practitioners who fail to provide necessary care for that baby must be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law, and this bill does just that. 
While it is so sad that an act of Con-
gress is required to ensure such com-passionate care, we must do all we can to provide for the safety of babies that are born alive as a result of failed abor-tion procedures. It is absolutely nec-essary that we end this inhumane prac-tice today. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ). 
Mr. WITTMAN. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in support today of the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. I would like to thank the chairman and Mr. F
RANKS for their leadership on this 
issue. 
This issue is very personal to me. My 
mother chose life, and I was adopted as a newborn. When a baby is born alive after an 
abortion, healthcare professionals only have seconds to react. These children deserve the same level of commitment and care as a child facing any other medical emergency. 
This bill holds healthcare profes-
sionals accountable for making the health and well-being of a baby who survives an abortion their first priority and for making every effort to provide the resources needed to keep that child alive. 
This bill should not divide us. It is 
about saving lives. We all talk about giving voice to the most vulnerable children in our communities and to the elderly with disabilities. Who is more vulnerable than a child whose life be-gins just as someone tries to end it? 
My mother gave me the gift of life, 
and I believe every child should receive that same gift. 
This is not about the ‘‘Wizard of Oz’’ 
strategy the other side wants to por-tray and that doesn’t pay any atten-tion to the man behind the curtain. This is about the true sense of pro-tecting life. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in favor 
of this bill. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, 
may I inquire how much time is re-maining on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
F
OXX). The gentleman from Virginia 
has 51⁄2minutes remaining. The gentle-
woman from California has 7 minutes remaining. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ). 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Madam Speak-
er, my wife and I are adoptive parents. We have a family only because two women in very difficult situations chose life. So this issue of protecting the unborn is dear to me and my fam-ily, which is why, whether you are pro- choice or strongly pro-life, as I am, I think Americans can agree, we should never use taxpayer dollars to fund these abortions, and we should never use taxpayer dollars to reward organi-zations that harvest the unborn lives or tissues for profit or compensation. These are gruesome practices. 
It is time to defund any organization, 
Planned Parenthood or others, and to begin to seek criminal penalties against those who profited from the sale of body parts of unborn children. This is the true human rights issue of our time, and those who defend this funding or these gruesome practices are on the wrong side of history. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH). 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam 
Speaker, I do thank the distinguished gentleman for yielding and, again, I want to thank Chairman B
OBGOOD-
LATTE for doing such an extraor-
dinarily effective job as chairman of the Judiciary Committee, a true human rights champion and a man who really understands these issues. 
Last week’s hearing with Gianna 
Jessen and another abortion survivor underscores the fact that there are abortion survivors. I remember, years ago, there was a Philadelphia Inquirer article, called, ‘‘The Dreaded Complica-tion,’’ and it was all about all of the children who survived later-term abor-tions. 
And do you know what the response 
of the abortion lobby was? We need a better death ensuring method of abor-tion, a more effective and efficacious method, to destroy those babies. That was part of the genesis of the hideous partial-birth abortion method—a meth-od that actually suctions out the brain tissue of a child before birth, thus en-suring there won’t be a child born- alive. 
Let me also say, people on the other 
side were talking earlier about the re-lationship between doctor and patient. What about the new patient, that un-born child who is now a newly born child? Where is the doctor-patient rela-tionship to help that child? 
Abortion clinics are in the business 
of exterminating children through dis-memberment and chemical poisoning. That is what abortionists do. Getting this child to a hospital ensures that lifesaving care will be provided. Heal-
ers have a mindset that says we need to save these children, the means to do so, including intensive care capability. Abortionists believe abortion means dead baby—born or newly born. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE). 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. I thank the 
chairman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today with a 
heavy heart. Having spent over 30 years as a practicing OB/GYN physi-cian, delivering almost 5,000 babies and trying to save every life of every moth-er and every baby, I don’t see why this is not something that brings us all to-gether. 
Whether you are pro-life or pro- 
choice, if a baby survives an abortion, we should do everything we can to save that baby’s life and to give it the same chance that everybody else has. 
I am getting emotional here because 
it is an emotional issue for me. I can-not imagine, as a physician, standing beside a baby that has been delivered— no one in this room can; I don’t believe there is another person in this room that has done what I have—and not try to save that baby’s life. 
I strongly support this bill. It should 
pass overwhelmingly, and it should be the law of the land. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.016 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6151 September 18, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
have just one speaker remaining, and I believe I have the right to close. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, I have one speaker remaining, and then I will be prepared to close. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ). 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. I thank the gen-
tlewoman for yielding to me. 
Madam Speaker, I just want to say 
that there is the implication in the tes-
timony and in the speeches that are made here that the other side of the aisle is somehow more concerned about the life of a child born alive, that somehow Democrats just don’t care about that, and I just want to tell you I resent that so very, very much. 
We unanimously voted to protect 
that life. And if, in fact, a baby is born into this world and can survive and is alive, it is considered homicide to kill that baby. There are laws. There are laws that would protect the life of an infant, a real child that is born that can sustain life. 
I just want to tell you that somehow 
making this division about people who really care about a living person that is born is just false. And I think I am speaking for all people, for all Demo-crats and, clearly, for all Republicans, that we need to make sure that we pro-tect that life. But I believe that we have every law in place. 
What this bill does is go further and 
create fear among physicians, healers, people who are educated and com-mitted to health and life, and put fear into them that if they don’t provide for the exact procedures that you are talk-ing about, that they could spend 5 years in jail for providing the healthcare services that a woman needs. That is, I believe, part of this ongoing effort to say that we should end the full range of health services that are available to women. This is a further attack on women’s health. 
We all agree on what the outcome 
should be, and let’s not get into this ongoing fight against women’s health. 
b1030 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, this bill politicizes 
women’s health and limits women’s ac-cess to abortion. It interferes with the sacred doctor-patient relationship and substitutes a physician’s best judgment with the judgment of a handful of poli-ticians—and, in fact, male politicians. I would note that not a single woman on the other side of the aisle has spo-ken on this bill. 
Let me note, it is already illegal to 
fail to provide care to an infant born alive. There was a bill passed 13 years ago, the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act, and that bill was not intended to affect abortion practices or a woman’s right to choose. In fact, that is why Ju-diciary Committee Democrats voted to support it. 
But what this bill does is to vilify 
abortion providers. This bill is so broad and the penalties are so severe—up to 5 
years in prison—that one can only con-clude that the real purpose of this bill is to intimidate abortion providers out of practice. 
This bill requires doctors and em-
ployees of hospitals and clinics that provide abortion services to report any violation of the bill’s standard of care to State or Federal law enforcement authorities, and any person—remem-ber, we are talking doctors, cleaning crew, receptionists—that fails to com-ply with these requirements is threat-ened with fines and up to 5 years in prison. 
That is why the 58,000 physicians of 
the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists oppose this bill and says: ‘‘This legislation represents gross interference in the practice of medi-cine, inserting a politician between a woman and her trusted doctor.’’ 
Let us not forget, politicians are not 
doctors. We should be concerned about doing our jobs and fully fund high-qual-ity women’s health care instead of try-ing to keep doctors from doing theirs. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to op-
pose this dangerous bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), the House majority whip for 
the purpose of closing our debate. 
Mr. SCALISE. I thank the gentleman 
from Virginia for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong sup-
port of the Born-Alive Abortion Sur-vivors Protection Act offered by my friend and colleague from Arizona, T
RENT FRANKS . 
Madam Speaker, this bill is about 
standing up for the sanctity of life. Specifically, this bill deals with babies that are born alive. 
Whether it was the result of an abor-
tion or a normal birth, all people in this country deserve that same protec-tion. Madam Speaker, why should a baby that is born alive be denied that same right? 
Our Founding Fathers, in the Dec-
laration of Independence, made it crys-tal clear: ‘‘We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, lib-erty and the pursuit of happiness.’’ 
Madam Speaker, the first 
unalienable right mentioned by our Founders—and these were not rights given to us by our Founders; they were given to us by our Creator—that first right is life. 
If a baby is born alive, they ought to 
have that protection. That is what this bill is about. It is about giving that protection that is enumerated in the Constitution and in the Declaration of Independence itself to say they ought to have that protection in law, that if they are born alive, that they ought to have that same medical protection. 
So, Madam Speaker, when you saw 
the President come out yesterday and say that he would veto this bill, how 
extreme can somebody be to say they would not stand up for a baby that is born alive to have the same protection that the Declaration of Independence enumerates as an ‘‘unalienable right’’? 
This should be a place where we can 
all come together, a place where we can all agree that we, as a House, can come together and stand up and give that protection in law to those babies that are born alive. 
I would hope that all of my col-
leagues would join in, that we could send this bill over to the Senate, that they can have the same debate and agree to pass that on, and that, ulti-mately, the President would recognize that this is a bill that ought to become law. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I rise in 
strong opposition to H.R. 3504, the ‘‘Born- Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act.’’ 
Contrary to its misleading title, H.R. 3504 is 
not about protecting children born alive. Its real intent is to further undermine a woman’s right to choose, a right that has been constitu-tionally guaranteed for more than 42 years by Roe v. Wade. 
H.R. 3504 constitutes an unprecedented 
level of intrusion by the government into med-ical decision making. 
It also completely fails to distinguish be-
tween a viable and a non-viable fetus, which is the constitutional line that separates abor-tions that may be performed without restriction from those that may be regulated or prohib-ited. 
These restrictions, in conjunction with the 
bill’s draconian criminal penalties, will effec-tively intimidate doctors, thereby making abor-tion services unavailable as a practical matter. 
Further yet, there is absolutely no need for 
this legislation. No evidence has been uncov-
ered that necessitates congressional inter-ference in the doctor-patient relationship. 
Even if wrongdoing were to occur, many 
federal and state laws already protect babies ‘‘born alive.’’ 
In truth, abortion practice is safe, legal, and 
humane and any evidence of wrongdoing can and should be handled under existing law. For example, the criminal Kermit Gosnell, who ran an illegal abortion front in Philadelphia, was prosecuted under existing law and is rightfully in prison serving multiple life sentences. 
In sum, the bill’s vague and broad man-
dates, combined with its severe penalties, will undermine the ability of women to access safe affordable abortion services, which unfortu-nately appears to be the underlying intent of this flawed legislation. 
As the Administration, in its Statement of 
Administration Policy, warns ‘‘H.R. 3504 would impose new legal requirements related to the provision of abortion services in certain cir-cumstances, which would likely have a chilling effect, reducing access to care.’’ 
In addition, this legislation is opposed by 
Planned Parenthood, which states that H.R. 3504 would ‘‘add new criminal penalties against doctors and clinicians as a scare tactic that serves the sole purpose of scaring women away from seeking safe, legal, abor-tion.’’ 
Further, NARAL Pro-Choice America cor-
rectly observes that H.R. 3504 is ‘‘part of an unprecedented assault on reproductive rights.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.017 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6152 September 18, 2015 
And, the American Congress of Obstetri-
cians and Gynecologists explains that this ‘‘legislation represents gross interference in the practice of medicine, inserting a politician in between a woman and her trusted doctor.’’ 
Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to join me 
in opposing H.R. 3504, an anti-choice, anti- woman, and thoroughly unnecessary measure. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 421, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
ACT OF 2015 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
pursuant to House Resolution 421, I call up the bill (H.R. 3134) to provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc., and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 421, the amendment printed in House Report 114–262 is adopted and the bill, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 3134 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Defund 
Planned Parenthood Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) State and county health departments, 
community health centers, hospitals, physi-cians offices, and other entities currently provide, and will continue to provide, health services to women. Such health services in-clude relevant diagnostic laboratory and ra-diology services, well-child care, prenatal and postpartum care, immunization, family planning services (including contraception), cervical and breast cancer screenings and re-ferrals, and sexually transmitted disease testing. 
(2) Many such entities provide services to 
all persons, regardless of the person’s ability to pay, and provide services in medically un-derserved areas and to medically under-served populations. 
(3) All funds that are no longer available to 
Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc. and its affiliates and clinics pursuant to this Act will continue to be made available to other eligible entities to provide women’s 
health care services. 
(4) Funds authorized to be appropriated, 
and appropriated, by section 4 are offset by the funding limitation under section 3(a). 
SEC. 3. MORATORIUM ON FEDERAL FUNDING TO 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD FEDERA-TION OF AMERICA, INC. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For the one-year period 
beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, subject to subsection (b), no funds authorized or appropriated by Federal law may be made available for any purpose to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc., or any affiliate or clinic of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc., un-less such entities certify that Planned Par-enthood Federation of America affiliates and clinics will not perform, and will not provide any funds to any other entity that performs, an abortion during such period. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to an abortion— 
(1) if the pregnancy is the result of an act 
of rape or incest; or 
(2) in the case where a woman suffers from 
a physical disorder, physical injury, or phys-ical illness that would, as certified by a phy-sician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself. 
(c) R
EPAYMENT .—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services and the Secretary of Agriculture shall seek repayment of any Federal assistance received by Planned Par-enthood Federation of America, Inc., or any affiliate or clinic of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc., if it violates the terms of the certification required by sub-section (a) during the period specified in sub-section (a). 
SEC. 4. FUNDING FOR COMMUNITY HEALTH PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized to be 
appropriated, and appropriated, $235,000,000 for the community health center program under section 330 of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 254b), in addition to any other funds made available to such program, for the period for which the funding limita-
tion under section 3(a) applies. 
(b) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds author-
ized or appropriated pursuant to subsection (a) may be expended for an abortion other than as described in section 3(b). 
SEC. 5. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to 
reduce overall Federal funding available in support of women’s health. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill 
shall be debatable for 1 hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce or their designee. 
The gentlewoman from Tennessee 
(Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) and the gentle-
woman from Florida (Ms. C ASTOR ) each 
will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 3134. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Tennessee? 
There was no objection. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in strong support of H.R. 3134, 
the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015. 
Madam Speaker, we all remember 
the images of Kermit Gosnell killing babies who were born alive after a botched abortion. 
We know that those are sickening, 
and we know that they have renewed the demand for accountability from the American people. That is why we come before you today with H.R. 3134, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 
2015. 
New documentation of these heinous 
practices that we have seen in videos, videos that have come out of Planned Parenthood abortion clinics of har-vesting the body parts of babies as part of the abortion process, have raised se-rious questions about the possible sys-tematic and repeated violation of State and Federal laws. 
H.R. 3134 provides a 1-year morato-
rium, a freezing—a freezing—on the Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America and all of its af-filiates while investigations are ongo-ing regarding the practices of the abor-tion industry. 
Madam Speaker, most people think 
that is common sense. If there is rea-son to investigate, then there is reason to withhold taxpayer dollars during that period of time. Those dollars would be given to other facilities that provide women’s health services. 
The American taxpayer has been 
very clear for a long time that they do not want taxpayer money spent on abortion; 68 percent of Americans op-pose it. What is so interesting to me is that we know that 71 percent of all millennials oppose this. 
I would remind my colleagues, 
Madam Speaker, there is no difference between men and women on this. There is bipartisan opposition from men and women to this practice. Additionally, the majority of Americans are opposed to the sale of body parts of babies ob-tained after abortion. 
So the discussion today is not about 
videos or women’s health access. We know there are other ways to get that access. It is about our most basic right. It is about the right to life. 
It is also about doing what the tax-
payers sent us to D.C. to do. It is also about continuing the process to protect our most vulnerable citizens, innocent little babies. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong op-
position to the ‘‘Deny Women Health Care Act.’’ 
Madam Speaker, congressional ap-
proval ratings are at an all-time low, and here is another example of why: 
Republicans in Congress have failed 
to fulfill their fundamental responsi-bility to our great Nation again. 
Republicans have pushed America to 
the brink of another government shut-down, and we are a mere 5 legislative days away. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18SE7.005 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6153 September 18, 2015 
Republicans in Congress have refused 
to sit down and negotiate a bipartisan appropriations plan despite the urging of Democrats, business leaders, mili-tary servicemembers, and citizens all across America. 
The bill brought to the floor today is 
an attempt by Republican leaders to distract the American public from their failure to do their job. 
Last spring, we urged Republicans in 
Congress to sit down and hammer out an appropriations plan. They refused. 
Instead, the Congress adjourned at 
the end of July. Nothing happened in August. Nothing has happened since the Congress has returned after Labor Day. 
Now the Republican dysfunction in 
this House will have very serious con-sequences for our neighbors back home. 
A Republican shutdown would hurt 
thousands of disabled veterans, dis-advantaged children, small businesses, working families, and taxpayers. 
The last time Republicans shut down 
the government for 16 days, the econ-omy lost $24 billion and 120,000 private sector jobs. 
Here is what happened: The Repub-
lican shutdown stalled veterans dis-ability claims, creating additional needless delays for our heroes seeking help. 
Hundreds of critically sick Ameri-
cans were prevented from enrolling in the NIH clinical trials, with 98 percent of the National Science Foundation, nearly three-quarters of NIH, and two- thirds of CDC employees furloughed. 
Head Start grantees, serving thou-
sands of children, were forced to close. American entrepreneurs and small businesses were cut off from millions of dollars in SBA loans. 
Small businesses with government 
contracts faced abrupt payment delays and cutbacks. Almost $4 billion in IRS refunds were delayed. 
The Republican Congress’ continuing 
dysfunction and inability to govern are having real impacts on hard-working Americans. The American people are tired of their relentless failure to gov-ern and the culture of crisis. 
Again and again Republicans have 
chosen to put their radical special in-terest agenda ahead of the priorities of hard-working Americans. 
The American people deserve better, 
especially in this case, because the Deny Women Health Care Act is a cyn-ical attack on the ability of women across America to receive the health services that they need at trusted Planned Parenthood clinics. 
b1045 
I know many are passionate about 
these personal issues. That is why the Republicans advance this bill on this topic. They know it is sure to inflame passions. But to date, despite congres-sional inquiries into these false video-tapes, there has been no wrongdoing uncovered whatsoever, no evidence to substantiate the allegations. What has emerged since the false videos were posted on YouTube is a coordinated, 
broad-based smear campaign based upon false, manufactured videos that are full of distortions and misinforma-tion. 
The bill is one more assault in the 
long list of Republican assaults on women’s health care over the last two decades because simply defunding Planned Parenthood would leave mil-lions of American women without key preventative services, including birth control, family planning, lifesaving cancer screenings, testing and treat-ment of infections, well-women exams, and advice on family planning. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I was beginning to think that we were off on a different bill there for just a moment. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 15 seconds to 
myself to respond. 
Madam Speaker, we are not on a bill 
about a government shutdown. We are on a bill that will make certain that women have access to health care, H.R. 3134. I will remind my colleagues that it does remove the funds from Planned Parenthood, and it does enable them to go to women’s health clinics. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ), who is the author of this legis-
lation and has been such an advocate for addressing women’s healthcare needs. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, as a 
nurse for more than 40 years and a be-liever in the God-given purpose of every human being, I am passionately pro-life. But do you know what? You don’t have to agree with me to support this bill. No matter our views on abor-tion or the party label beside our name, we should all have an interest in ensuring that laws are followed and that the taxpayer dollars are spent re-sponsibly. If a law is broken, particu-larly by those receiving government money, that should be remedied. That is not a political statement. That, quite literally, is our job here in Con-gress. 
Two months ago, Madam Speaker, a 
series of undercover videos were re-leased implicating Planned Parenthood in the illegal trafficking of aborted baby tissue and organs. Now, some of my colleagues have tried to dismiss these videos even without ever watch-ing them. I get it. It is easier to try to discredit the source than to defend what is happening on these tapes. 
Well, Madam Speaker, I did watch 
these videos, and I saw full conversa-tions of Planned Parenthood employees in their own words discussing poten-tially lawbreaking activities. Congres-sional investigations are underway, but there are more than enough lingering questions to stop the flow of money— taxpayer dollars—to this abortion giant until our work is complete. 
For this reason, I have introduced 
the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015. This legislation enacts a 1-year moratorium on all Federal money 
going to Planned Parenthood. It does not reduce women’s health funding by a single dime. As a matter of fact, we actually increase women’s healthcare funding by over $200 million. Instead, this legislation reallocates the funding to more than 13,500 facilities nation-wide that provide true preventative care to those who need it the most, and they do not perform abortions. 
What is more, Planned Parenthood 
can get their money back. Read the bill. They can get their money back if they fully commit to what they talk about in doing women’s health care and stop performing abortions for this year. 
Madam Speaker, if there exists even 
a possibility that Planned Parenthood violated our laws, as I believe they did, then pro-life and pro-choice Members of Congress alike must act to reallo-cate the funds now so that we are not trying to chase down the taxpayer dol-lars that already went out the door later on. This is ensuring that our laws are followed, that Americans know how their money is being spent, and that the conscience rights of taxpayers are respected. 
Madam Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote 
on H.R. 3134. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I will reiterate again, there is no evidence whatsoever of any wrong-doing, and I maintain that this is a dis-traction from the Republican’s funda-mental failure to pass a budget 5 legis-lative days before a government shut-down. 
Madam Speaker, I am honored to 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ), the ranking 
member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I 
listened to the previous Republican speaker, and the deception that she poses to this Congress is unbelievable in my opinion. 
First of all, she talks about these 
videos which we know have been mis-leading—edited, all kinds of changes have been made to them. The accuracy of them is totally unacceptable. They are not accurate. Then she says, well, just because they may be accurate that we should pass this bill defunding Planned Parenthood. 
Well, when did this Congress get into 
the business of saying, well, before we decided whether you have actually bro-ken the law and before we have any evidence that you have done so, we are just going to shut you down? That is not the way we operate. That is not 
due process. That is not the American way. 
Then, Madam Speaker, she suggests 
that somehow this money is going to be given to other providers. I think she is probably talking about community health centers. Well, I will tell you, from my own experience with commu-nity health centers, that they don’t have the ability to provide the wom-en’s health needs that are being pro-posed here that are actually provided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.020 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6154 September 18, 2015 
by Planned Parenthood. That is not 
going to happen. Those women are going to be deprived of health care. 
So let’s not continue with this decep-
tion about what is actually going on here. The Republicans just want to shut the government down if we don’t defund Planned Parenthood. That is what they are all about. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ), a member of 
the Energy and Commerce Committee and vice chair of the Health Sub-committee. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of H.R. 3134. 
This bill would defund Planned Par-
enthood and its clinics for 1 full year. This summer, a series of disturbing videos shined a light on the gruesome practice being done in clinics across the country. No one has ever disputed that the employees of Planned Parent-hood said what they said in the video. These videos have shocked and ap-palled countless Americans. 
Federal dollars should not be going 
to an agency that is involved in such a horrific and disturbing practice. I have voted in the past to defund Planned Parenthood, and I will do so again today. 
Madam Speaker, life is a precious 
gift, and I firmly believe we should do all we can to advance and support it. Today, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation to stop Planned Par-enthood from continuing these prac-tices. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). 
Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I rise 
in opposition to this bill. We are here because some have again chosen to re-ignite the same tired battles of years past—and bring our government to the brink of shutdown—to restrict women’s control over their own health and bod-ies. I should not be deciding what is best for a woman’s health. She should, and her doctor should. 
That we are even having this de-
bate—based on contrived, unsubstan-tiated allegations—about an organiza-tion that provides critical care to more than 2 million Americans is not only outrageous, it is downright irrespon-sible. 
More than half of Planned Parent-
hood centers are in rural or medically underserved areas where access to health care is already too limited. Yet my colleagues want to make it even harder for women and men there to ac-cess HIV and STI tests, breast cancer screenings, cervical cancer screenings, and other lifesaving services. 
Madam Speaker, this attempt to de-
monize Planned Parenthood is dis-graceful. 
Again, it is important to underscore 
that Federal insurance coverage of abortion is already restricted, so to defund Planned Parenthood is to defund the preventative services that 
keep our constituents healthy. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 10 seconds to myself to respond. 
Again, Madam Speaker, refocusing us 
on the bill, we are talking about being certain that there is access to health care. Cancer screenings and prevention services from Planned Parenthood have been cut in half over the past 7 years. They do not perform mammograms. They perform over 300,000 abortions an-nually. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ), the vice chairman of the Vet-
erans’ Affairs Committee and a mem-ber of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in support of the Defund Planned Parenthood Act, a bill I am proud to cosponsor. 
Madam Speaker, as the Energy and 
Commerce Committee continues its in-vestigation into the troubling Planned Parenthood videos, it is crucial we do everything in our power to protect human life and hold organizations such as Planned Parenthood accountable. 
With this legislation, we have the op-
portunity to both save lives and re-spect the rights of the American peo-ple. Taxpayers should not be forced to financially support organizations whose behavior is at best unethical and possibly illegal. 
When it comes to defunding Planned 
Parenthood, the issue should not be partisan. This is about protecting the rights of taxpayers, but also, more im-portantly, protecting the basic right of human life. 
Madam Speaker, I will continue to 
give a voice to our most fragile Ameri-cans who cannot speak for themselves. I thank Representative B
LACK for her 
efforts on this important piece of legis-lation, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Colorado (Ms. D
EGETTE ). 
Ms. D EGETTE. Madam Speaker, 
Planned Parenthood provides basic health services to millions of Ameri-cans: Pap smears, breast cancer screenings, family planning, and birth control. In fact, there were over 4 mil-lion visits to Planned Parenthood clin-ics last year, and over 90 percent of this was basic women’s health care and not abortions. 
So why are we talking about this 
today? Why are we talking about this legislation? 
Planned Parenthood does these serv-
ices and no Federal funds are spent on abortion services that Planned Parent-hood does provide, but yet the majority will take the radical step of denying women the basic health care they need. This radical agenda is wrong. It is wrong for American women, and it is wrong for us when the Federal budget expires in just 13 days. Madam Speaker, I, too, have re-
viewed the videotapes. Our committee reviewed the videotapes, and, as Ms. C
ASTOR said—and it bears repeating— 
no wrongdoing was shown. There are no criminal charges. There are no charges at all that are pending whatsoever against Planned Parenthood. 
Madam Speaker, yesterday in the En-
ergy and Commerce Committee, my 
Republican colleagues in their radical effort went so far as to show a photo of a stillborn baby, implying that that baby was a fetus being used for fetal tissue development. What is worse, that photo was shown without the woman’s consent. It had no relation to Planned Parenthood. It was used with-out the mother’s consent. 
What I want to know from the major-
ity: Is this the evidence that you are using to decide that you are going to deny funding for Planned Parenthood and all the well-women visits women use? 
Madam Speaker, my colleagues 
ought to be ashamed of showing this, and my colleagues ought to be ashamed of putting this bill on the floor today. We are seeing shamelessness right here on the floor today. 
My colleagues on the other side are 
trying to do everything they can to in-sert themselves between American women and their right to make their own healthcare decisions. It is wrong, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this legisla-tion. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I will never be ashamed of standing up and defending life—ever—and I find it so interesting that our efforts to pro-tect life are termed ‘‘radical.’’ That is an interesting turn of events, if I say so myself. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
UCSHON ), a member of the Energy and 
Commerce Committee. 
b1100 
Mr. BUCSHON. Madam Speaker, with 
all due respect, a radical agenda is pro-tecting an organization that dis-members body parts and sells them for profit. 
For the record, I am probably the 
only Member of this body to have oper-ated on babies as young as 23 weeks’ gestation. In fact, the smallest baby I operated on weighed only 650 grams. 
As a physician, I spent my career 
caring for patients regardless of their situations. So I take access to health care very seriously. 
I find it troubling that those on the 
other side, most of whom have never spent a day caring for patients, con-tinue to mislead the American people about the facts of Planned Parenthood. 
Here are a few: By its own statistics, 
Planned Parenthood only treats 2 per-cent of the Nation’s women for any reason. 
Planned Parenthood doesn’t offer 
women some of the most basic primary care. It doesn’t provide services like mammograms, cardiovascular blood tests, or bone mass measurements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Sep 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.052 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6155 September 18, 2015 
Over the past 10 years, Planned Par-
enthood cut cancer screenings by half while it increased abortion services by 40 percent. 
Across the country, we have 13,000 
federally qualified or rural health cen-ters that can provide basic health serv-ices compared to only 700 Planned Par-enthood facilities that really don’t pro-vide these services at all. 
Madam Speaker, taxpayers should 
not be forced to fund this organization when we have so many other alter-natives. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gen-
tlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY ). 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, 
the previous speaker said something completely false. Planned Parenthood does not sell fetal tissue. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. I object. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Illinois will suspend. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I withdraw. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, 
a complete falsehood was just stated. Planned Parenthood does not sell any body parts for profit. That is a fact. 
So here we go again: Republicans 
threatening to shut down the govern-ment in order to deny women access to health care. When the Republicans took control of the House in 2011, the first thing they did was nearly shut down the government over funding for Planned Parenthood, and 4 years later, Republicans are once again seriously considering shutting down the govern-ment over the exact same thing. 
This time, they have manufactured a 
witch hunt based on heavily edited vid-eos that were clearly intended to mis-lead the public and the Congress. They have wasted time and resources on fu-tile investigations that have produced absolutely no evidence of wrongdoing on behalf of Planned Parenthood. In contrast, there is growing evidence that The Center for Medical Progress broke several laws. 
I recently sent a letter to the Depart-
ment of Justice and to the California Attorney General, asking them to in-vestigate the practices of this organi-zation. 
My letter raises concerns about fake 
identification that was used to gain ac-cess to Planned Parenthood facilities, fraudulent tax documents that were filed to create a fake corporate entity, and violations of California’s Invasion of Privacy Act. 
In response, the California Attorney 
General has initiated an investigation. There are also several legal actions pending against The Center for Medical Progress. 
Enough is enough. I urge my col-
leagues to oppose this harmful bill for women’s health. 
Here we go again—Republicans threatening 
to shut down the government to deny women access to health care. 
When the Republicans took control of the 
House in 2011, the first thing they did was nearly shut down the government over funding 
for Planned Parenthood. 
Four years later, Republicans are once 
again seriously considering shutting down the government over the exact same thing. 
This time, they’ve manufactured a witch 
hunt based on heavily edited videos that were clearly intended to misled the public and Con-gress. 
They’ve wasted time and resources on futile 
investigations that have produced absolutely no evidence of wrongdoing on behalf of Planned Parenthood. 
In contrast, there is growing evidence that 
the Center for Medical Progress broke several laws. 
I recently sent a letter to the Department of 
Justice and the California Attorney General asking them to investigate the potentially ille-gal practices of this organization. 
My letter raises concerns about fake identi-
fication that was used to gain access to Planned Parenthood facilities, fraudulent tax documents that were filed to create a fake cor-porate entity, and violations of California’s In-vasion of Privacy Act. 
In response, the California AG has initiated 
an investigation. There are also several legal actions pending against the Center for Medical Progress. 
But we all know that Republicans are not 
really interested in the truth here. This entire charade is a thinly veiled attempt to erode a woman’s ability to make decisions about her own body. 
For proof, look no further than their budget 
proposal. 
Their budget eliminated Title X, the only fed-
eral grant program dedicated to providing women with family planning services, and cuts the Teen Pregnancy Prevention Program by over 80 percent—programs that would reduce the need for abortion. 
Republicans have made it clear that women 
are fair game. They can’t even pass a con-tinuing resolution without interfering in the per-sonal lives of American women. 
Republicans can’t overturn Roe v. Wade so 
they try every other way possible to erode this fundamental right. 
They try to cut off funding to the clinics that 
provide abortions, they try to criminalize doc-tors who perform abortions, and they restrict access for millions of women every year through the Hyde Amendment. 
Enough is enough. I strongly urge my col-
leagues to oppose this terrible bill and to stop interfering in the personal lives of American women. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. E
LLMERS ), a 
member of the Energy and Commerce Committee and the chairman of the Republican Women’s Policy Com-mittee. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. I 
thank the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee for holding this important dis-cussion today. 
I would like to thank Chairman 
U
PTON , Chairman P ITTS, and the full 
committee and staff of Energy and Commerce for their hard work. 
Madam Speaker, I support H.R. 3134, 
and I proposed an amendment to be in-cluded within that bill, which redirects $235 million to health centers across this country. I am a nurse, and my husband is a 
general surgeon. One of our favorite places in the world is our back porch in Dunn, North Carolina, where we sip scuppernong wine and have a wonderful time, and we discuss good health care in this country. Let me tell you and the American people that Planned Par-enthood is not good health care. 
You can see that this chart clearly 
shows that the 13,000 federally qualified healthcare centers in this country pro-vide comprehensive health care for women. 
You can see this chart is just a mere 
example of 17 provided basic healthcare services for women to Planned Parent-hood’s 6. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. I yield the gen-
tlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. I 
thank the gentlewoman. 
Basically, what you have been told 
and what women in this country have been told is a false choice for American women from Planned Parenthood. 
That false choice says that, if one 
Planned Parenthood facility is defunded, thousands of women and children who are in need will go with-out health care. 
Let me tell you, if that false logic 
follows in Dunn, North Carolina, it ba-sically says, if there are 18 grocery stores and 1 closes its doors, thousands of families, including my own, will starve. 
This is absolutely untrue. We need to 
support everything we can in this country for good women’s health care. This chart provides the actual truth— the truth. Good health care takes care of the whole woman, not just parts. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
The nonpartisan Congressional Budg-
et Office has established that not all services currently provided by Planned Parenthood could be furnished by other health clinics and medical practi-tioners if Planned Parenthood were defunded. 
A George Washington University pro-
fessor confirmed this in a column this week. The reason is that so many of the services provided relate to gyneco-logical services and personal female healthcare needs. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes 
to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ). 
Mr. KENNEDY. I thank my colleague 
from Florida for the recognition. 
Madam Speaker, it is important that 
we do get our facts straight. 
This year, over 2 million babies will 
be born to women on Medicaid. That is nearly half of all of the births in this country. 
At the same time, more than half of 
the Medicaid providers in our country are not accepting new patients. That leaves hundreds of thousands of expect-ant mothers without access to essen-tial prenatal care and treatment, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.023 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6156 September 18, 2015 
that is where Planned Parenthood 
comes in. 
Beyond just prenatal care, they pro-
vide life-saving cancer screenings, STD tests, and compassionate counseling to millions of women, men, and families who often have nowhere else to turn for their basic health needs. 
Eighty percent of the patients that 
Planned Parenthood serves have in-comes at or below 150 percent of the poverty line. 
Those patients are sitting inside 
waiting rooms at Planned Parenthood centers across the Nation at this very moment who are facing some of the most emotional decisions and chal-lenging tests of their entire lives. 
The practitioners and nurses who 
will treat them won’t just tend to their immediate medical needs. They will make sure that the patient knows that he or she is not alone. 
If we pass this bill, we are turning 
our backs on those patients. We are telling low-income families in every corner of this country that we count their health and happiness less. 
I urge my colleagues to consider 
those patients and the impact of this legislation. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself 5 seconds to respond. 
For 98.5 percent of the pregnant 
women who received a pregnancy-re-lated service at Planned Parenthood, that service was an abortion. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman 
from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ), a 
member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. CRAMER. Madam Speaker, 
North Dakotans affirm life every day through strong, stable family struc-tures and a culture that values life and that, frankly, values ending the cir-cumstances that cause a woman to be-lieve that her best option is an abor-tion. 
We have over 70,000 square miles and 
thousands of women who need healthcare services, but we don’t have a Planned Parenthood clinic because North Dakota women somehow don’t meet its business model. 
There are, however, compassionate 
providers offering more comprehensive services across my State. This map shows the localities of 71 federally qualified health centers that provide quality care to underserved and low-in-come women in rural and urban com-munities throughout my State. 
The patients who go through the 
doors of these clinics are treated as valued community members, not as a fee for service and certainly not as a $45 specimen. 
This Congress and its relevant com-
mittees must complete a thorough in-vestigation of the disturbing accusa-tions evidenced—yes, evidenced—in the Planned Parenthood videos that we all have seen before another taxpayer dol-lar goes to this controversial organiza-tion. These funds can be better used to provide legitimate health services for women in places like North Dakota. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gen-
tlewoman from California (Ms. M AT-
SUI). 
Ms. MATSUI. Madam Speaker, I rise 
in strong opposition to this bill, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act, but we should call it the ‘‘Depriving Women of their Health Care Act.’’ 
This bill is just the latest political 
attack on millions of American women. This bill is a step backward for our Na-tion’s healthcare system. 
Defunding Planned Parenthood would 
deprive American women and their families of access to preventative serv-ices like cancer screenings and access to contraception and to prenatal coun-seling that helps women maintain healthy pregnancies. 
Sadly, I am not surprised that my 
Republican colleagues continue this re-lentless attack on the autonomy of women. We have seen it countless times before: Congress telling this country that a politician’s judgment is superior to that of an American wom-an’s. 
What does surprise me, however, is 
that now Republicans are willing to shut down our government and put our economy at risk in order to deny women access to the healthcare pro-viders of their choosing. 
We can’t allow Members of Congress 
to substitute their judgment for a woman’s right to make decisions about her own body. 
This bill does nothing more than 
take away healthcare options for low- income women because of a difference in beliefs over just 3 percent of the many vital services that Planned Par-enthood provides. 
Congress needs to get back to work 
on the real issues facing American women and their families. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), the chairman 
of the Pro-Life Caucus. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank 
the gentlewoman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, undercover videos 
show and expose Planned Parenthood directors cheerfully talking about dis-memberment and crushing babies to death all while altering abortion meth-ods in a way that preserves organs and body parts for sale. 
Watch the videos. One senior director who talks about 
preserving a liver says they use ultrasound guidance because that is where they will know where to put the forceps. Of course, forceps are used to literally rip the child to pieces in what is called a dismemberment abortion. 
One technician, Holly O’Donnell, 
talks about getting brain tissue. She said her supervisor ‘‘gave me the scis-sors and told me that I had to cut down the middle of the face. I can’t even de-scribe,’’ she says, ‘‘what that feels like.’’ 
Some of our colleagues on the other 
side have said that there is no evi-dence. Watch the videos. There is ample evidence. I would suggest and I would ask Con-
gresswoman C
ASTOR to join us in a let-
ter that asks the Attorney General of the United States to investigate this. Will you? 
I yield to the gentlewoman. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, the repeated reference to these false videos is a true disservice to this Congress and to the people all across America. These false claims against Planned Parenthood have been widely discredited. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Again, the repeated references to 
these false videos do a real disservice to this Congress and to people all across America. The false claims against Planned Parenthood have been widely discredited. 
The videos that so many have ref-
erenced are heavily edited. They have edited content out, and they have edit-ed false images in. 
Politicians who are latching onto 
this smear campaign do so to further their personal agendas to the det-riment of women’s health care across America. 
What has happened here since these 
videos were released in July is a co-ordinated smear campaign against trusted Planned Parenthood clinics. Let me give you some evidence directly from my home State of Florida. 
b1115 
In July, with absolutely no evidence 
of wrongdoing, Florida Republican Governor Rick Scott ordered investiga-tions of Planned Parenthood clinics. It had all the trappings of a witch hunt. 
In August, after the Agency for 
Health Care Administration had deter-mined and written a draft press release that said: ‘‘However, there is no evi-dence of the mishandling of fetal re-mains at any of the 16 clinics we inves-tigated across the State.’’ 
That didn’t fit Governor Scott’s po-
litical narrative, so his office scrubbed the press release of that language. 
I submit for the R
ECORD a copy of the 
press release that was drafted by the Agency for Health Care Administration for Florida before Governor Scott’s of-fice scrubbed the language on the find-ing. 
[For Immediate Release—Aug. 5, 2015] 
ORIGINAL PROPOSED RELEASE FROMAHCA TO 
THEGOVERNOR ’SOFFICE  
PLANNED PARENTHOOD INSPECTIONS FIND  
DEFICIENCIES AT CLINICS  
Agency findings include issues with the 
record keeping of fetal remains at one clin-ic and unlicensed procedures being per-formed at three clinics 
T
ALLAHASSEE , FL.—Our investigations last 
week into Planned Parenthood clinics found three facilities performing procedures be-yond their licensing authority, as well as one facility not keeping proper logs relating to fetal remains. However, there is no evidence of the mishandling of fetal remains at any of the 16 clinics we investigated across the state. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.024 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6157 September 18, 2015 
[For Immediate Release—Aug. 5, 2015] 
FINAL VERSIONS THATWASRELEASED TO THE  
MEDIA 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD INSPECTIONS FIND  
DEFICIENCIES AT CLINICS  
Agency findings include issues with the 
record keeping of fetal remains at one clin-ic and unlicensed procedures being per-formed at three clinics 
T
ALLAHASSEE , FL.—Our investigations last 
week into Planned Parenthood clinics found three facilities performing procedures be-yond their licensing authority, as well as one facility not keeping proper logs relating to fetal remains. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. In fact, the 
press secretary for the agency said: ‘‘I would have thought a line on no han-dling of fetal remains would be in-cluded, as that is what questions will be on.’’ 
The agency’s secretary wrote back, 
and she said she agreed. 
Reporters subsequently obtained the 
scrubbed press release. Apparently, these had to go to the Governor’s office to be purified and sanctified. 
What happened earlier this week is 
that the communications director for the Florida Agency for Health Care Ad-ministration resigned. This is another example of the coordinated smear cam-paign based upon the false videos that have captured attention. They are out-rageous, but they are false, and they have been proven to be false. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself 10 seconds to respond. 
We are hearing words such as ‘‘de-
nied,’’ ‘‘deprived,’’ ‘‘detriment’’ to women’s healthcare. We are increasing women’s health care. Tennessee has four Planned Parenthood clinics and 26 federally qualified health clinics. 
Also, I would remind my colleagues 
the investigation is ongoing. It is ongo-ing. It started yesterday at Energy and Commerce. We will continue through this to get to the bottom of it. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ), the 
chairman of the Financial Services Committee. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, 
life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness, as a people, we have no more sacred values; and the right to life is foremost among these. 
Recently, shocking, appalling, hor-
rific videos have come to light that show senior employees at Planned Par-enthood casually discussing the har-vesting and selling of organs of aborted children in ways to alter their proce-dures in order to ‘‘obtain intact fetal cadavers,’’ which they refer to as ‘‘line items.’’ 
In perhaps the most chilling video, 
we see one of these so-called intact fetal cadavers with its heart still beat-ing. Madam Speaker, its heart was still beating. 
Madam Speaker, whether one con-
siders themselves pro-life or pro- choice, can we not agree that the har-vesting and trafficking of baby organs violates the sanctity with which every child created in the image of God is en-
titled to? How can a fair, civilized, and compassionate society come to any other conclusion? 
Madam Speaker, today I rise to plead 
with my colleagues to speak up for the voiceless and the defenseless by voting to deny Planned Parenthood further taxpayer subsidies for the harvesting of baby body parts. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gen-
tlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ). 
Ms. CAPPS. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in staunch opposition to this dangerous bill. Planned Parenthood provides exactly the types of interven-tions that prevent unintended preg-nancies and the need for an abortion in the first place, like birth control op-tions and medically accurate sexual health education. 
If this bill becomes law, these impor-
tant services Planned Parenthood brings to our communities will dis-appear, and the health of our commu-nities will pay the price. 
We keep hearing that the work of 
Planned Parenthood would be done by other healthcare providers, mostly community health centers, and while that might sound like an easy shift, it doesn’t work that way. 
Madam Speaker, I have a letter here 
from the California Primary Care Asso-ciation. In it, they write: ‘‘Eliminating Planned Parenthood from our State’s comprehensive network of care would put untenable stress on remaining pro-viders. We do not have the capacity for such an increase in care.’’ 
This is the direct quote from the 
health centers that the majority ex-pects to pick up the slack if Planned Parenthood is defunded. It would be untenable. 
Supporters of this bill are willfully 
putting their heads in the sand. They think it is no big deal to shut down hundreds of clinics offering essential services that are not available any-where else. They think it is worth shutting down the government to achieve this goal. This political the-ater has to stop. 
We need to trust women and their 
healthcare providers to make their own medical decisions. It is not the govern-ment’s business. 
I strongly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this 
dangerous bill. 
I insert the letter from the California 
Primary Care Association into the R
ECORD . 
CALIFORNIA PRIMARY  
CAREASSOCIATION , 
Sacramento, CA, September 17, 2015. 
Hon. L OISCAPPS , 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CONGRESSWOMAN CAPPS : The Cali-
fornia Primary Care Association has re-cently become aware of new legislation, H.R. 3134 combined with the Ellmers amendment, by Congresswoman Diane Black that would redirect federal funding from Planned Par-enthood to federally qualified health centers. The purported goal of such legislation is to prevent a decrease in federal funding for 
women’s health services, while putting a moratorium on Planned Parenthood as a healthcare provider for a year while Con-gress conducts a full investigation of the or-ganization’s activities. 
As the state-wide representatives of com-
munity clinics and health centers in Cali-fornia, who serve 5.6 million patients annu-ally, we believe this action would negatively impact the health of our community. 
Planned Parenthood currently operates 115 
health centers in California and serves near-ly 800,000 patients through 1.5 million en-counters annually. Eliminating Planned Par-enthood from our state’s comprehensive net-work of care would put untenable stress on remaining health centers. We do not have the capacity for such an increase in care, even for a year, and should Congress seek to extend the moratorium building such capac-
ity would require significant capital invest-ment on par with the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act expansion. 
Even then, the legislation would still 
eliminate patient’s ability to choose the pro-vider with which they feel most comfortable. Planned Parenthood is seen by many as women’s health centric, which provides their patients with a level of comfort that cannot be easily replicated. The women’s health focus allows them to be a provider of choice to hundreds of thousands of women who seek out a variety of services that include well woman exams, breast exams, birth control and sexually transmitted disease testing. 
In 2013 alone, Planned Parenthood con-
ducted 733,641 tests for Chlamydia—the lead-ing cause of preventable infertility—that re-sulted in 37,014 positive results and follow-up treatment. 
Planned Parenthood is a vital component 
of the health care system in California and for that reason, we are opposed to legislation that will diminish their capacity to provide care in our state. We respectfully request that you oppose this legislation. 
Sincerely, 
C
ARMELA CASTELLANO GARCIA , ESQ., 
President and CEO, 
California Primary Care Association. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. I yield 1 minute 
to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ), who chairs the Sub-
committee on Human Resources at Ways and Means. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Madam Speaker, as 
a newly minted physician fresh out of medical school, I took an oath to pro-tect life. As a cardiovascular surgeon, I worked day and night performing thou-sands of cardiovascular operations on premature infants, all the way up to the elderly. Now, in Congress, I intend to uphold that oath that I took to save life. 
The practices we have seen described 
recently released in the undercover videos of top Planned Parenthood ex-ecutives detailing the methods they employ to harvest tissues and organs during abortions performed at these clinics is nothing short of atrocious. 
After the release of the first video in 
July, I joined my pro-life colleagues to call immediately for thorough inves-tigations into this activity, and now, these investigations are underway. The American people deserve and they need to know the truth. While these inves-tigations are ongoing, it is important that we take action to prevent tax-payer dollars from going to this type of activity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18SE7.010 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6158 September 18, 2015 
I have long supported legislation to 
end funding for Planned Parenthood and am proud to be an original cospon-sor of this bill. It is a very important bill. 
I urge my colleagues to defend the 
culture of life in this country, and let’s vote in favor of this bill. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gen-
tlewoman from California (Ms. S PEIER ). 
Ms. SPEIER. Madam Speaker, 
Planned Parenthood provides 865,000 pap smears and breast exams a year. That is more than the entire popu-lation of States like Wyoming, South Dakota, North Dakota. 
I want to introduce you, Members on 
the other side of the aisle, to Colleen from Albany, New York, who is 27 years old. I want you to look into her eyes, and I want you to tell me that you would rather see her dead because Colleen went to Planned Parenthood because she was in between jobs and sought health care. 
She received a breast cancer exam at 
Planned Parenthood. She had stage II breast cancer, and she is alive today because it was identified at a Planned Parenthood clinic. They operated, and she is healthy. 
She is not the only one. There are 
86,000 men and women who seek serv-ices at Planned Parenthood every year for breast cancer or for pap smears for cervical cancer who are identified as having a positive test result. As a re-sult, they get care—86,000. What you are saying is that it is okay for 86,000 people to die because that is how they were accessing their health care. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself 10 seconds to respond to some of the comments and to remind my colleagues this investigation that we are conducting is ongoing. 
Cancer screenings and prevention 
services have been cut in half at Planned Parenthood over the past 7 years. They do not perform mammo-grams; they outsource it. They perform over 300,000 abortions annually; that is their own number. 
Madam Speaker, 98.5 percent of the 
pregnant women who go there go for an abortion. 
At this time, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS), the chairman of the Health 
Subcommittee. 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, this 
morning we are debating, actually, two bills. One is the delay of funds to Planned Parenthood until the inves-tigation is over and redistributing that money to the rural and federally quali-fied community health clinics of which there are over 13,000—only 656 Planned Parenthood clinics—and they actually do women’s health, like mammograms, as we have heard, and other issues, not just refer. I would urge support for that. 
The other bill we are debating, which 
is sometimes infants are born alive after an abortion. We had two wit-nesses last week before the Judiciary Committee who were survivors. One of 
them said she was in contact with 203 other abortion survivors. 
All we are doing is putting enforce-
ment language, some penalties in there because born alive is the law, but it is not enforced, and this would permit that to be enforced. 
Finally, with Pope Francis coming 
next week, he said: ‘‘The defense of the unborn life is closely linked to the de-fense of each and every other human right. It involves the conviction that a human being is always sacred and invi-olable in any situation, every stage of development.’’ 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, while the investigation may be ongoing, there have been no cases of born alive. The one case from some time ago, a doctor is in prison for that. This simply is not accurate. Now, what we know from ongoing investigations here currently is there has been no sub-stantiated allegation against Planned Parenthood. 
What we have seen is this Center for 
Medical Progress that posted these YouTube video. They have made a number of misrepresentations that may have broken several Federal and State laws, including violating Federal tax laws, violating criminal laws, vio-lating the Invasion of Privacy Act out of California, violating California’s penal code by making false charitable solicitations. 
Now, we have heard that the attor-
neys for the director, Mr. Daleiden, for CMP, his attorneys have advised a Fed-eral district court that he intends to invoke his Fifth Amendment in the in-vestigation of him for his violation of Federal and State laws. 
At this time, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ). 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the Defund Planned Par-enthood Act of 2015. This bill is pos-sibly the most dangerous bill for wom-en’s health to come to the House floor of this Congress. 
State and Federal investigations of 
Planned Parenthood have produced no evidence of violations of laws or med-ical standards, and independent audi-tors confirm the videos referenced were heavily altered. 
What really happens in Planned Par-
enthood clinics every year is this: 2.7 million Americans receive critical health services, 78 percent of which live below the poverty level; doctors deliver approximately 400,000 pap smear exams; and women receive nearly half a million breast exams, including screenings to 88,000 women whose can-cer was detected early. 
This legislation threatens those serv-
ices and the health of patients, includ-ing 7,000 women in my district annu-ally who rely on Planned Parenthood for health care. 
As a woman, mother, and breast can-
cer survivor, I refuse to take that threat lying down. Republicans’ own investigations turned up nothing; yet 
some of their Members are willing to risk women’s lives just to score polit-ical points. Enough is enough. 
I urge all Members who truly value 
women’s health to vote against this outrageous witch hunt. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). 
Mr. LAMBORN. Madam Speaker, I 
urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 3134, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015. 
Recent videos released by brave whis-
tleblowers have definitively shown that it is well past time to defund Planned Parenthood. For far too long and to the tune of one-half billion dollars a year, taxpayers have been forced to subsidize Planned Parenthood’s abortion on de-mand. 
Thanks to these unsettling revela-
tions, we now know that taxpayers have also been subsidizing the traf-ficking of aborted baby body parts. This is not health care, Madam Speak-er. 
There are over 13,000 publicly sup-
ported health centers in our country that do provide excellent women’s health care. In my home State of Colo-rado, there are 240 such healthcare al-ternatives versus 21 Planned Parent-hood locations. 
This important legislation will not 
remove funds from women’s health care, but shift it to responsible pro-viders. Taxpayers won’t have to fund Planned Parenthood’s deplorable bar-barism. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
b1130 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOL-
LEN). 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
this legislation is the latest attempt to take essential healthcare services away from women. 
Our Republican colleagues know that 
none of the Planned Parenthood Fed-eral funds are used for abortion, per the Hyde amendment. They know there is no evidence that Planned Parent-hood has violated any Federal laws. They know that 90 percent of Planned Parenthood services go to essential cancer screenings, family planning counseling, pregnancy tests, contracep-tive care, and other things. 
This bill will deny women those serv-
ices. When this bill fails in the Senate, our Republican colleagues are appar-ently prepared to shut down the gov-ernment in order to shut down those women’s health services. 
Madam Speaker, our Republican col-
leagues are entitled to their views, but they should not harm our economy; they should not harm America’s women; they should not shut down the government to try to impose their views on the country. 
Madam Speaker, I rise to raise my opposi-
tion to H.R. 3134, Defund Planned Parenthood 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.028 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6159 September 18, 2015 
Act of 2015. This bill would prohibit all federal 
funding for Planned Parenthood health centers for one year. 
Instead of using their majority to pass a 
clean budget and govern responsibly, the Re-publicans are willing to hold our country hos-tage to further their harmful agenda against women. 
The Defund Planned Parenthood Act is just 
another shameful attempt to take essential healthcare services away from women. Re-publicans are so focused on defunding Planned Parenthood that they are willing to shut down the government again, and cause billions of dollars of damage to our economy. 
Planned Parenthood has been investigated 
multiple times and each investigation has shown that Planned Parenthood has not vio-lated any federal laws. Moreover none of Planned Parenthood’s federal funds are used to perform abortions, in accordance with the Hyde Amendment. Republicans are ignoring facts and relying on doctored footage to con-tinue their crusade against women’s healthcare. 
This bill will have a devastating impact on 
women. Approximately one in five American women, in her lifetime, has relied on a Planned Parenthood center for care. It serves a total of 2.7 million patients per year—women and men. 
More than ninety percent of their much- 
needed services go toward providing essential health services that includes contraceptive care, family planning counseling, pregnancy tests, prenatal care, and essential cancer screenings. 
There are not enough community health 
centers to care for all of those who would lose access to healthcare if this bill is passed. A di-rect threat would be posed to seventy-eight percent of Planned Parenthood patients who earn incomes of 150 percent of the federal poverty level or less. 
It is time to focus on this country’s real con-
cerns and stop trying to deprive women of es-sential health services. I strongly oppose this bill and any other efforts to defund Planned Parenthood. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself 10 seconds to respond. 
Madam Speaker, they sure want that 
government shutdown. I do want to re-mind them that we have over 13,000 community health centers in the coun-try. Planned Parenthood has cut their cancer screening and prevention serv-ices in half in the past 7 years, and they do not perform mammograms, but they do over 300,000 abortions. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE). 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3134, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015. 
As an OB/GYN physician who has de-
livered close to 5,000 babies, I was sickened and disturbed by the release of several videos showing Planned Par-enthood executives casually discussing the dismemberment of babies to sell body parts. 
Madam Speaker, this bill isn’t about 
whether you are pro-life or pro-choice, though I am proud to say that I will al-ways be a defender of the right to life. This is about the gruesome practices of 
an organization that receives over $500 million a year from the Federal Gov-ernment. As legislators, we carry the responsibility and the privilege to pro-tect those who do not have a voice and to ensure that tax dollars are sup-porting organizations that truly pro-vide health care for women. 
I have seen the videos, and I can tell 
you, that is not health care. I have spent my entire life caring for patients, and it is important to note that there are alternatives for women to receive care besides Planned Parenthood. I strongly support withholding tax dol-lars from Planned Parenthood until congressional investigators have had a chance to review the matter. I am proud to encourage my colleagues to support this important bill. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, may I please inquire how much time is left on each side. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Florida has 8
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentlewoman from Tennessee has 11
1⁄4minutes remaining. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Again, the videos keep being ref-
erenced here on the floor. I want Mem-bers to understand, I want the Amer-ican public to understand that the first four short videos released on YouTube have 40 separate splices and edits that remove crucial context. They remove exculpatory statements like, ‘‘Nobody should be selling tissue; that is not the goal here,’’ and, ‘‘This is not a service they should be making money from. It is something they should be able to offer to their patients in a way that doesn’t impact them,’’ or, ‘‘We are not looking to make money from this. Our goal is to keep access available.’’ In one of the videos there are at least 16 
substantial unexplained edits, includ-ing the removal of nine instances where Planned Parenthood staff said there is no profit related to tissue do-nation. 
Doesn’t that seem misleading and 
fundamentally dishonest to remove statements like that, and then base a smear campaign and bring it to the floor of the United States Congress for policymaking? I think so. 
That is why these videos have been 
denounced across the country by inde-pendent editorial writers. They have called them distorted and unfair, dis-honest, grossly misleading, and politi-cally irresponsible and swift boating. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ), my friend 
Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in strong opposition to H.R. 3134, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act. 
There is nothing thoughtful about 
this legislation. This is a shameful and shocking sham. This has always been about Republicans wanting to restrict the right of women to make their own healthcare decisions. 
Let me say, you know, these doc-
tored videos on YouTube, my children watch YouTube, and you can see what-
ever you want on YouTube. You can see a man punt a basketball through a basket from 500 feet. You can see what-ever you want. So I am not surprised that these doctored videos are on YouTube. 
Mammograms are done in imaging 
centers, so no health center does an ac-tual mammogram. So let’s stop trying to mislead the American people with this sham. 
If you like YouTube so much, and 
that is where you are going to get your information, I have another video you can watch right now on YouTube. It is called, ‘‘Dumb and Dumber.’’ 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). 
Mr. WALBERG. Madam Speaker, it 
has been said that none are so blind as those who will not see, and so I rise today on behalf of the unborn babies who can’t stand up for themselves. 
Many of my colleagues have already 
described the horrifying videos that shock the conscience and have sparked several congressional investigations. 
No matter what party you belong to, 
we should all agree that taxpayer dol-lars should not be used for harvesting baby parts for profit. The debate today 
is about more than these barbaric prac-tices. It is about the very character of our Nation. Will we turn a blind eye to this callous disregard for human life? Is this the country we want to be? 
Two weeks ago today, my newest 
granddaughter, Naomi Gail, was born after an emergency C-section from a doctor who understood the need for life for both the mother and the child. Holding her in my arms was a vivid re-minder that all life is sacred, and every child deserves dignity, respect, and a chance for a full life. 
America was founded on the values of 
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness. Madam Speaker, it all begins with life. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. L
EE). 
Ms. LEE. Madam Speaker, I want to 
thank Representative C ASTOR for her 
tremendous leadership. 
I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 
3134, which is nothing more than yet another ideological attack on women’s health care. It would defund Planned Parenthood for a year, leaving millions of women across the country without access to critical healthcare services. 
Planned Parenthood centers often 
serve as a primary care health facility for women seeking birth control, can-cer and STI screenings, and other crit-ical preventive care. In 2013 alone, Planned Parenthood provided healthcare services to more than 800,000 Californians and provided more than 93,000 Pap tests and 97,000 breast exams. 
Denying access to the healthcare 
services such as Planned Parenthood provides will harm those who most need these services, including low-in-come women and women of color. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18SE7.011 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6160 September 18, 2015 
bill is shameful. It is disrespectful. It is 
wrong. Politicians shouldn’t be inter-fering, anyway, in a woman’s personal healthcare decisions. 
It is past time Republicans stop their 
war on women and stop these ideolog-ical attacks and stop using women’s health care to divert attention from a looming government shutdown because Republicans refuse to pass a budget. 
Vote ‘‘no’’ on this deceptive and dis-
honest bill. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself 20 seconds to respond to something. 
Our colleagues across the aisle have a 
colleague from New Jersey who pre-viously spoke. I want to reference a press release that was sent out August 15 from his office on community health centers: 
Community health centers attend to hard- 
to-reach populations and are a vital resource that have a significant impact in improving health in New Jersey. 
Talking about reaching hard-to-serve 
populations, this is what we are doing. Let’s put the money where it meets the most needs. 
I now yield 1 minute to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ), 
who is the author of H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act, and commend him for his commitment in those efforts. 
Mr. DUFFY. ‘‘It is a boy,’’ or, ‘‘it is 
a girl’’; any parent knows that phrase. It is one of the most memorable mo-ments that they will ever have in their lives. 
Recently, we heard that same phrase, 
but it was said by an abortion provider at Planned Parenthood, and it was as that provider—we will use that term loosely—was siphoning through the body parts of a little baby, taking hearts and lungs for sale, but noticed it is a boy. 
What a perversion. What a perversion 
of who we are as a people. I think it calls into question this debate. This is not a debate about women’s health. We are providing the same amount of money for women’s health to great clinics that provide great care. It is about Planned Parenthood. 
Why is it about Planned Parenthood? 
If you watch this debate, you have to ask, how could anybody defend the practices at Planned Parenthood, har-vesting body parts? How could anyone defend that? It is an easy answer. Look in political season. Millions of dol-lars—millions of dollars—are spent by Planned Parenthood to elect Demo-crats to the House of Representatives and to the Senate. This isn’t about ba-bies. This is about money. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE). 
Ms. D ELBENE. Madam Speaker, this 
feels like deja vu. Once again, the House is ignoring the challenges facing our Nation in order to attack women’s health. Already this year, the House has voted to restrict reproductive health care in private insurance, enact 
a sweeping 20-week abortion ban, and allow employers to discriminate against their workers for using birth control. 
Now, with just 5 legislative days be-
fore a shutdown, we are wasting our time on a bill the President has said he will veto. It is past time for Congress to stop focusing on ideology and start focusing on the facts. The fact is defunding Planned Parenthood would have a devastating effect on women’s access to health care. That care in-cludes cancer screenings, immuniza-tions, and birth control. 
As my colleagues are well aware, cur-
rent law already prevents Federal fund-ing for abortion services. It is shameful that the House is allowing the reckless actions of a few extremists to jeop-ardize the critical safety net provided by Planned Parenthood. We can’t let that happen. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS). 
Mr. GIBBS. Madam Speaker, we have 
seen in the videos released this summer the horrific practices of harvesting the body parts of aborted children for prof-it. We have also known that Planned Parenthood provides abortion proce-dures, and the pro-life movement has for years worked very hard to ensure that no taxpayer dollars will be used to fund the procedure of abortion. 
Planned Parenthood is not about 
women’s health care. We know this be-cause not one clinic performs mammo-grams. The despicable actions that were uncovered in these videos show the true nature of Planned Parenthood. It shows their complete disregard for life. It shows how careless they are with the responsibility to treat our most vulnerable and innocent with re-spect. 
We cannot give taxpayer dollars to 
an organization that profits from the sale of organs from aborted children. Planned Parenthood officials have been caught haggling over the price of body parts from aborted children, and they have been recorded on camera fearing the consequences if their actions were revealed to the world. We have two House committee investigations. We have an obligation to suspend Federal funding to Planned Parenthood while the investigations are being conducted. 
Now is the time for all Americans to 
reflect on the fragile nature of life and how we treat the unborn. I want to thank Congresswoman B
LACK for lead-
ing the efforts to defund Planned Par-enthood. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Florida has 4
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentlewoman from Tennessee has 8 minutes remaining. b1145 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. I yield 1 minute 
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ). 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I stand 
before you today not as a Republican and not as a Member of this House, but as a fellow human being, and I wonder: How did we get to this point? How do we somehow compromise in our mind what it is that we are talking about today? 
I want you to disconnect from any 
organization or agency and con-centrate on the act of what is taking place. 
This is not a blob of tissue. This is 
one of America’s sons or daughters waiting to be born. They are taken from the safety of their mother’s womb and they are taken out very carefully so they can harvest certain body parts: hearts, lungs, heads. 
You can sit here and try to make it 
something about an agency and turn a blind eye to the act that is taking place in a country that will go to any length to protect life, in a people that believes in the sanctity of life from its very conception to its natural death. 
And somehow harvesting the parts 
from these little baby boys and girls has become a political issue? 
This is an issue human being to 
human being. This is an issue of con-science and conviction. Please, do not make it a political battle. 
This is about our sons and daughters. 
This is about a horrific act that is re-pulsive and repugnant and has no place in America. America’s taxpayers refuse to pay for that type of act. Wake up. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS). 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. I 
thank the many colleagues who stood here and stand with me now to rise in support of ensuring that hard-earned taxpayer dollars do not go to private entities that are trafficking in fetal baby parts. 
We have to put a stop to this heinous 
practice. We have to ensure that this problem is investigated. We have to en-sure that the Federal Government is not condoning these actions. 
I believe that we need to ensure that 
Planned Parenthood understands that the money that they have access to from the Federal Treasury is not man-datory money that is given to that agency. 
We need to ensure that women’s 
health is a priority, but let’s put the tax dollars into the agencies and the community health centers that are providing access to women’s health care every day throughout this great Nation. We can do that. 
Let’s stand together. Let’s ban this 
heinous practice. Let’s make sure we move forward. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Flor-ida (Ms. F
RANKEL ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.030 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6161 September 18, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Defund Planned Parenthood Act. I want to say this as respectfully as pos-sible, but this bill is dumb, it is foolish, and it is mean-spirited, with only one purpose, and that is to punish one of our country’s premier health organiza-tions because it provides women access to an array of services that we need to lead healthy lives. The bill is based upon lies and exaggerations. 
Now, if you want to have a truthful 
debate, then let’s talk about the 400,000 Pap smears, the 500,000 breast exams, and the 4.5 million STD and HIV tests that Planned Parenthood does each year. Now, that is saving lives. That is the truth. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). 
Mr. PITTENGER. Madam Speaker, 
many years ago, I was in London with my family at the British Museum and watched a little movie about the devel-opment and growth of a baby inside a mother’s womb. The video was all about life, tracking the baby’s develop-ment week by week. 
Recently, we have all watched videos 
where Planned Parenthood executives candidly talked about death. How can anyone defend the sale of a little baby’s body parts? Why should Federal taxpayers support organizations that rob little ones of their right to life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness? 
Planned Parenthood has betrayed the 
rights and life of America’s most de-fenseless. Today I am asking that you join me in supporting the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015, which effectively halts Federal funding of Planned Parenthood for 1 year or until they can certify that their affiliates and clinics are not and will not per-form abortions. 
I thank Congresswoman D
IANE BLACK  
for her leadership on this issue. The character of our Nation is at stake. We must restore the value and sanctity of every life and fight back against those unfathomable acts. Life is precious. Let’s cherish each and every one. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. I yield 30 seconds 
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Madam Speaker, 
what we have learned about Planned Parenthood through these videos is ap-palling, barbaric, and indefensible. Here are some of the quotes: 
We’ve been very good at getting heart, 
lung, liver . . . so I’m not gonna crush that part. 
Using a ‘‘less crunchy’’ technique to get 
more whole specimens. 
We’re going to procure brain . . . so what 
you do is you go through the face . . . 
And when discussing the sale of body 
parts, a Planned Parenthood official asks: 
Well, why don’t you start by telling me 
what you’re used to paying? 
Madam Speaker, our Nation is so 
much better than this. The cold indif-ference shown in these videos is the in-
evitable result for an organization that does hundreds of thousands of abor-tions every year. 
Federally funded clinics that serve 
women’s health and do not perform abortions outnumber Planned Parent-hood clinics by between two to one. Let’s send the funds to those clinics. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation. 
Ms. CASTRO of Florida. I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. F
ARR). 
Mr. FARR. I don’t think anybody on 
your side has read the bill. It doesn’t do anything that you have talked about. 
It doesn’t stop abortions. It doesn’t 
stop any of those other issues that are already illegal. It does one thing: It shuts down Planned Parenthood clin-ics. 
I represent the largest affiliate of 
Planned Parenthood in the United States. And guess what. Twenty-two percent of the patients are men. So you are going to deny access not only to women, but to men. 
You say: ‘‘Oh, we will shift the 
money somewhere else.’’ There is no-where else. These are the only clinics around in many of the communities. 
So what you are doing is taking this 
angry white man’s caucus on the Re-publican side that have been for years trying to use this as a political issue, using a bill that says you are going to do all these things. It only does one thing: it penalizes Planned Parenthood. 
Penalizing Planned Parenthood pe-
nalizes us all. It is about access to health care, particularly, access to health care for women. 
Stop beating up on women. Stop try-
ing to make this a political issue. The reason we haven’t been able to legis-late against abortion is because you can’t find a law that can enforce it. 
This is really a moral issue and a 
medical issue that ought to be dis-cussed with women and their doctors. Congress Members ought to stay out of this. 
We haven’t been successful in solving 
these problems. This only hurts people, particularly in rural areas, because the majority of Planned Parenthood clinics are in rural areas. 
Stop being so mean. Solve problems, 
not create them. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair and not to other Members. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself 15 seconds. 
I would encourage all Members to 
read the bill. It is very short. It is about three pages. What it will do is freeze this funding for a year so we can do the investigation, and it sends it to some of the 13,000 community health centers that are in the country. 
We have even got a press release from 
one of their colleagues extolling the values of these community health cen-ters. I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman 
from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
Mr. ALLEN. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
The appalling videos that have been 
released revealing Planned Parent-hood’s horrific activities should spur deep concern in every American. 
In a recent hearing with Secretary 
Burwell, I asked her whether the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices would probe into these allegations, but she refused to commit to an inves-tigation. 
We have a moral responsibility to act 
to investigate this organization’s ac-tions and hold them accountable. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Florida has 2
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentlewoman from Tennessee has 3
3⁄4minutes remaining. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. I yield 30 seconds 
to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE). 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. 
Madam Speaker, the recent allegations and videos that have come forth have literally shocked the world by show-casing the morally bankrupt practices of Planned Parenthood. 
I am honored to stand with my col-
leagues to try to prevent tax dollars from going to this organization that has now stooped to the practice of traf-ficking innocent baby parts, they say, for the purpose of advancing medical 
research, but we all know that there is no excuse that can possibly be given to provide for the moral bankruptcy of Planned Parenthood. 
It is time to defund this while the in-
vestigation occurs. The blood and body parts of children should be looked at as a sacred entity rather than an indus-try. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ). 
Ms. PINGREE. I thank my friend for 
yielding and for her excellent remarks on the floor this morning. 
Madam Speaker, defunding Planned 
Parenthood would have a real, pro-found, negative impact on the 10,000 people in Maine who get health care from Planned Parenthood every year, many of whom have no other access to care. 
Planned Parenthood provides basic 
health care like cancer screenings, vac-cinations, wellness exams, and STD testing, basic care that will mean the difference between health and sickness, prosperity and poverty, or even life and death for women in my State. 
Let’s be clear. Who is really behind 
the attempts to defund Planned Par-enthood? Radical antiabortion groups who want to shut down Planned Par-enthood and deny women access to safe and legal abortions. These are groups who want to deny women the right to make a private, personal medical deci-sion. 
In the process, they want to take 
away the access to birth control, fam-ily planning services, and even basic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.032 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6162 September 18, 2015 
health care. They have orchestrated a 
false, misleading smear campaign to try and accomplish their goal, a cam-paign we have heard a lot today about here on the floor of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ 
and stand up for women’s rights to make their own decisions about health care and protect their access to basic medical services. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Madam Speaker, 
during the recent Presidential debates Carly Fiorina called and dared Presi-dent Obama and Hillary Clinton to watch these appalling videos. 
I realize we only have a few minutes 
left, but I want to dare Members on the other side to watch these videos, too. There are computers in the cloakroom where they can watch them. 
If they want to send one taxpayer 
dime to Planned Parenthood after watching it, shame on them. There are much better places to send it, like these community health centers cre-ated under President Obama’s bill. There are lots of places women can go for health care, not just Planned Par-enthood. 
Go watch the videos. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I am pleased 
to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). 
(Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. It is bizarre to 
watch the manufactured controversy surrounding ambush-type, heavily edit-ed filming used to discredit Planned Parenthood. 
These attacks do not reflect my expe-
rience and knowledge of the amazing, dedicated, civic-minded men and women—pillars of our community— who have built, supported, and led Planned Parenthood in my community. 
There is no question that, because of 
their efforts, tens of thousands of abor-tions never occurred. Because of their efforts, 70,000 women in Oregon last year received services. 
They are people who know their com-
munities, Planned Parenthood leader-ship understands that this heated rhet-oric, outrageous claims, and attack against service to low-income women is not just false, it is wrong. 
It is bizarre to watch the manufactured con-
troversy surrounding ambush-type, heavily- edited journalism used to discredit Planned Parenthood. 
It’s not just the blatantly manipulative and 
misleading tactics that are being used, which should be enough for most people to reject the allegations on their face. These attacks do not reflect my experience and knowledge of the amazing, dedicated, civic-minded men and women who have built, supported, and led Planned Parenthood in my community. 
For decades, I have admired these pillars of 
community, leaders in education, religion, business, and other civic affairs that provided the vision, the volunteer effort, and personal contributions to women’s health and reproduc-
tive freedom. There is no question that be-cause of their efforts, tens of thousands of abortions never occurred in our community and those that did occur, did not result in harm to women. 
Because of their efforts, Oregon’s 11 
Planned Parenthood centers provided care to over 70,000 women in 2013, including over 25,000 breast and cervical cancer screenings. Nationally, Planned Parenthood services over 2.5 million women annually. Planned Parent-hood centers serve a greater share of safety- net clients than any other type of safety-net providers. Nearly 80 percent of women using Planned Parenthood have incomes at or below 150 percent of poverty—these clinics offer affordable health care options for women who may have no alternate source of care. 
The fact that we are engaged in a concerted 
assault against the provision of essential serv-ices to women, especially women of color and low-income status is appalling. If people would take the time, as I have, to visit these facili-ties, meet the employees, and most impor-tantly, know these community leaders that have made it possible to protect women’s health, to prevent countless abortions, and to promote wellbeing and education, they would see the lies behind this heated rhetoric and misguided attacks. 
b1200 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ). 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Madam Speaker, I 
serve on the board of health in Cin-cinnati, Ohio, and I am very familiar 
with FQHCs. I might say that FQHCs provide services, expansive services, not only to women, but men and chil-dren as well. 
My wife and I are currently in the 
process of adoption, and it sickens me to see these parts of young children sit-ting there, knowing that we could take them, love them, and nurture them into a wonderful life. I don’t know how people look at themselves in the mir-ror and think that this is okay. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
The Republican Congress has fun-
damentally failed to fulfill its basic re-sponsibility to work out an appropria-tions plan that will keep this govern-ment open. This bill, to inflame the passion that is based on false videos, distorted clips that was part of a co-ordinated smear campaign all across the country, is being used as the foun-dation to close the government. 
I hope it doesn’t happen, but it ap-
pears that the dysfunction in the Re-publican Congress is going to lead us down that path, at the expense of wom-en’s health care, their basic funda-mental services all across this country. 
Last spring, we asked the Repub-
licans in Congress to sit down and hammer out an appropriations plan. They refused. They adjourned at the end of July. Nothing happened in Au-gust. Nothing has happened here in September, except for these inflam-matory bills based upon false YouTube videos. This Republican Congress’ con-
tinuing dysfunction and inability to govern are having real effects on hard- working Americans. This ‘‘Deny Women Health Care Act’’ is a cynical attack on the ability of women to re-ceive the health services they need. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I urge my Re-
publican colleagues to keep the govern-ment open for hard-working Ameri-cans. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). 
Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, 
where have we gone? Where is the moral compass of the United States? Do we want to continue the issue of taking body parts of babies and selling them on the open market and pro-tecting that enterprise? Or do we want to back up and say, if that is occurring, we are not funding it? 
All this legislation does is say: Wait 
a minute, if that is occurring in Amer-ica, we are not going to tolerate it. Until we find out, no more money, and it should go to other agencies that don’t harvest the body parts of babies. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I am going to close and draw to an 
end this debate. I do want to remind all my colleagues that we are not dis-cussing government shutdown. What we are talking about is a bill that would withhold funds from Planned Parenthood for a period of a year, while we have an investigation. 
Now, I know they have called this a 
smear campaign. We are investigating the operations of Planned Parenthood. 
Why are we doing this? Planned Par-
enthood is big abortion in this coun-try—300,000 abortions a year, as op-posed to 1,800 adoption services; 98.5 percent of all women who go there for a prenatal service, it is an abortion. Think about that, 98.5 percent. 
There is reason to review how they 
use taxpayer funding, and we are justi-fied in withholding taxpayer funds until we finish that. 
Now, our colleagues have chosen to 
say that we are radical, dumb, shame-ful, disrespectful, foolish, extremists, deniers, deprivers, mean-spirited, and beating up on women. Think about that. All because we stand for life, for liberty. We stand for life rights, a first right, and these are the names that you attach to people who defend those rights. 
Saturday, I went to a baby shower. 
An excited grandmother said, Meet my granddaughter. It was an ultrasound, a 3–D ultrasound. Her name is Jessica. That is a baby with a life, and Planned Parenthood is aborting 300,000 of those lives each year. 
It is time for taxpayer money to be 
withheld. I support the bill. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mrs. WAGNER. Madam Speaker, today I 
speak in support of H.R. 3134, the Defund 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.033 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6163 September 18, 2015 
Planned Parenthood Act of 2015, to terminate 
taxpayer support of this deplorable organiza-tion. 
I’d like to thank my good friend, Congress-
woman D
IANE BLACK for her leadership on this 
issue and her unwavering support for the lives of the unborn. 
This summer, we have learned of the 
shocking nature of Planned Parenthood’s practice of selling babies’ hearts, lungs, livers, brains and other organs, often for a profit, to the highest bidder. 
We were disturbed by what we learned 
about these practices, but perhaps even more so by the cold indifference in which countless employees dehumanized unborn children, ef-fectively turning them into line item revenue sources, rather than human life in its most precious form. 
After discovering the grotesque nature of 
these practices, the U.S. House of Represent-atives responded to these abhorrent activities by launching investigative hearings, the first of which began in the House Judiciary Com-mittee last week. 
Yet the very same week we began inves-
tigating the extent of the wrongdoing, the Ex-ecutive Branch, through the Centers for Medi-care and Medicaid Services, awarded Planned Parenthood of Missouri, Iowa and Montana with over $1 million in taxpayer support. 
The only response to this unthinkable action 
is for the U.S. House of Representatives, the legislative body with constitutional authority over federal funds, to pass legislation ex-pressly prohibiting the federal government from supporting Planned Parenthood. 
Madam Speaker, it is not enough for the 
U.S. House of Representatives to deny funds from a single continuing resolution or omnibus spending package. 
Instead we must do so permanently and 
Congresswoman B
LACK ’s legislation gives 
Congress an opportunity to continue our in-vestigations into Planned Parenthood and work toward the day when we are no longer funding this abhorrent organization. 
In the short term, there is much work to be 
done. 
The U.S. House of Representatives is re-
sponsible for acting on behalf of the American people and investigating the extent to which Planned Parenthood’s has profited from this activity. 
Furthermore we must make sure that 
Planned Parenthood has not been engaging in illegal partial birth abortions. 
We must determine whether or not Planned 
Parenthood has been breaking the law by al-tering abortion procedures to preserve certain organs for sale. 
We must protect women and unborn chil-
dren from these dangerous procedures that are designed to increase revenue for this group and profit from the destruction innocent life. 
And perhaps most importantly, we must pro-
vide funding for other organizations that pro-vide women’s health care support and serv-ices—without also offering abortions. 
And we must not continue taxpayer funding 
for groups like Planned Parenthood that be-lieve they are above the laws of the United States. 
We have a duty, as elected Representatives 
to stand up for the most vulnerable among us, to lend a voice to the voiceless, and fight back against injustice. And so I lend my full support to H.R. 3134, 
so that we may defund Planned Parenthood and provide vulnerable women with better op-tions for their health care needs. 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposi-tion to H.R. 3134, the Defund Planned Parent-hood Act. 
This bill is partisan politics at its worst. The 
attacks on Planned Parenthood are nothing more than political witch-hunts led by anti- abortion extremists. Their efforts to mislead the public and tarnish the reputation of Planned Parenthood are downright shameful. 
Here are the facts: millions of American 
families, particularly in underserved areas, rely on Planned Parenthood for family planning services and basic women’s healthcare. Sev-enty-eight percent of Planned Parenthood pa-tients live with incomes at 150 percent of the federal poverty level or less, and almost half a million of their patients are Latinos. Were it not for Planned Parenthood, these families, in-cluding over 25 thousand in my district, would have nowhere to turn for basic health care needs. 
Defunding Planned Parenthood has implica-
tions for the 2.7 million Americans across the country who count on Planned Parenthood for STD and STI testing, cancer screenings, con-traceptive care, and other health services. These basic and critical healthcare services which account for 97% of those provided at Planned Parenthood, are what is really being defunded here. 
It’s been 42 years since the United States 
Supreme Court ruled that a woman has the constitutional right to choose what is best for her health and her body. Since then, anti- abortion extremists have been working tire-lessly to chip away at this constitutional pro-tection. This time, Madam Speaker, the rami-fications of their efforts extend far beyond abortion. They threaten the health and well- being of millions of hard-working American families in my district and across the country. 
The majority always argues for small gov-
ernment. I guess this time they want a govern-ment small enough to fit inside the exam room with a woman and her doctor. 
Madam Speaker, I’d like to submit a letter 
signed by 13 Latino advocacy groups in oppo-sition to defunding Planned Parenthood. 
AUGUST 3, 2015. 
U.S. S ENATE , 
Washington, DC. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC. 
DEARMEMBERS OF CONGRESS : As organiza-
tions committed to the civil and human rights, health equity, and well-being of Latino/as, our families, and our commu-nities, we the thirteen undersigned organiza-tions urge you to oppose all efforts to defund Planned Parenthood Federation of America (PPFA) or other healthcare providers that Latinos/as rely on for high quality care. 
The recent manipulated and misleading at-
tacks on PPFA are yet another political at-tempt to target providers of reproductive health services. The real agenda behind these attacks is to block access to basic health services, particularly for low-income com-munities, women of color, and young people. These tactics also create an atmosphere of fear and shame intended to intimidate women who seek abortion and those who pro-vide the much needed care. 
Such attacks on PPFA, a critical provider 
of vital health services to low-income women and women of color, threatens to unravel the reproductive health safety net that our 
Latino/a community relies on. We have al-ready seen such efforts as in Texas when the state legislature authorized the ‘‘affiliate rule’’ that barred all Planned Parenthood health centers from receiving state funds. In 2012, the first full year following the dev-astating cuts to family planning funding and implementation of the ‘‘affiliate rule,’’ Texas met only 13 percent of the need for publicly funded contraception—less than half of national totals for the same year. 
Furthermore, defunding PPFA would have 
a devastating impact on the Latino/a com-munity which experiences higher rates of re-productive cancers, unintended pregnancy, and sexually transmitted infections than most other groups of people in the U.S. In fact, according to the latest statistics from the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion, Latinas have the highest cervical can-cer incidence rates. Latinos/as, including LGBTQ Latinos/as, immigrant women, and women of color experience system barriers such as cost, lack of available clinics, insuf-ficient culturally and linguistically com-petent health systems, and discriminatory immigration policies that make it difficult for individuals and communities to access routine healthcare. For decades, Latinos/as have been the most uninsured racial and eth-nic group. 
That is why our communities rely on 
Planned Parenthood for quality healthcare. In 2013, PPFA’s clinics served 575,000 Latinos/ as, which was 22 percent of their overall pa-tients. We will not tolerate any attempts to 
cut Latinos/as off from this care. 
We strongly urge you to oppose all pro-
posals to defund PPFA and stand with the undersigned organizations to protect the right to health care for Latinos/as and other persons of color. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Ann Marie Benitez, Senior Director of Government Re-lations, at National Latina Institute for Re-productive Health. 
Signed, 
Casa de Esperanza, Farmworker Justice, 
Hispanic Federation, Labor Council for Latin American Advancement, LatinoJustice PRLDEF, League of United Latin American Citizens, Mexi-can American Legal Defense and Edu-cational Fund, National Alliance of Latin American and Caribbean Com-munities, National Hispanic Media Co-alition, National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health, Presente, U.S.- Mexico Foundation, VotoLatino. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Madam Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to this brazen assault on women’s health, which would harm lower income women around this nation. 
The legislation we are debating today would 
mean that women with limited health options will find it harder to secure lifesaving serv-ices—like breast exams and pap tests. In New York alone, cutting Planned Parenthood fund-ing would mean that nearly 50,000 fewer breast exams would occur. 37,000 women would no longer receive pap tests. Millions of women nationwide would no longer have ac-cess to STI screenings and treatments, to say nothing of additional unplanned pregnancies. 
These are just some of the critical treat-
ments and procedures Planned Parenthood provides—some of which save women’s lives. If you want to proclaim yourself ‘‘pro-life’’ then you should care about women’s lives—not focus on depriving them of health care serv-ices and contraception. 
Today, we have just a few legislative days 
left before another Republican-fueled govern-ment shutdown. We know this misguided bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18SE7.013 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6164 September 18, 2015 
we are debating is going nowhere. It will not 
pass the Senate. If it did, the President would veto it. 
Yet, House Republicans remain obsessed 
with attacking Planned Parenthood and reduc-ing women’s healthcare options—to the point where they are ready to engender another government shutdown. 
We need to reject this legislation so we get 
back to the serious business of governing. Support women’s health care, vote no on the bill. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Madam Speaker, I stand in strong opposition to H.R. 3134, Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015. 
This debate and vote are another attempt to 
deny women basic health care, including re-productive health services. 2.7 million pa-tients—both men and women—all across America depend on Planned Parenthood for critical medical services every year. In my dis-trict, if you go to a Planned Parenthood clinic at the end of the day, women, many of mod-est means, will be lined up through the waiting room and, often, down the street, waiting to be seen. 
While supporters of this bill claim women 
will have other comparable options, the ex-perts tell us that is simply not the case. The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office found that if this bill is passed, as many as 630,000 Planned Parenthood patients could lose access to birth control, STD screening, and other reproductive health services. And researchers at the Guttmacher Institute esti-mate that in 103 of America’s 491 counties, Planned Parenthood is the only safety-net family planning clinic. 
I am outraged by this attempt to use a 
heavily edited and thoroughly discredited video to vilify an organization that plays a vital role in communities across the nation. Planned Parenthood should be celebrated, not demonized, and I hope my colleagues reject this dangerous and disingenuous piece of leg-islation. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, today, I 
come to the House floor to stand up for wom-en’s health. 
Republicans are using a heavily edited, 
agenda-driven series of videos that falsely portray Planned Parenthood’s participation in tissue donation programs that support life-saving scientific research. These outrageous and false claims about Planned Parenthood have been discredited. Edited and distorted video should not undermine the incredible work that Planned Parenthood does across this country in providing critical health care to millions of women. 
This bill to defund Planned Parenthood 
would not defund abortion. Only three percent of all health services provided by Planned Par-enthood are abortion services, and these serv-ices already cannot be paid for with federal funding. What this bill would defund is basic health services for millions of women. Planned Parenthood provides family planning coun-seling and contraception to 2.1 million pa-tients, 400,000 lifesaving screenings for cer-vical cancer, nearly 500,000 breast exams, and nearly 4.5 million tests and treatments for sexually transmitted infections, including HIV. 
Despite news this week that the number of 
uninsured Americans decreased by 8.8 million last year thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 33 
million Americans still have no health insur-ance. Perhaps hardest hit by this defunding effort will be the women who live in one of the 20 states that have declined the Medicaid ex-pansion provided by the Affordable Care Act and who rely on Planned Parenthood for life-saving health care. 
Defunding Planned Parenthood would also 
be devastating for low-income communities, women of color, and young people. It would unravel our nation’s reproductive health safety net. Planned Parenthood health centers com-prise 10% of all publicly funded family plan-ning centers, and serve 36% of all clients who obtain care from the nation’s network of family planning providers. The view of some Repub-licans that federal funding could simply be re-distributed to other health care centers and providers ignores where Planned Parenthood health centers are located. They are not typi-cally on Main Street, but rather in areas and neighborhoods where they are most needed. For example, a new Planned Parenthood cen-ter currently under construction here in D.C. is located in a underserved area in Ward 5 whose population greatly needs access to the health services that Planned Parenthood pro-vides. 
Unfortunately, we in the District of Columbia 
know all too well this type of assault on wom-en’s reproductive health and Planned Parent-hood. Whenever Republicans have controlled the House, they have imposed a devastating rider on the District that prevents us from spending our locally raised taxes on abortion services for low-income women, singling us out as the only jurisdiction in the country that cannot spend its local tax dollars for such pur-poses. We were successful in getting that rider removed from the Senate’s fiscal year 2016 D.C. Appropriations bill, and we will con-tinue to fight to have the rider removed from any final spending bill. 
I urge my colleagues to vote no on this 
hyper-partisan bill, which would devastate women’s access to health services, most dras-tically in low-income and minority commu-nities. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Madam Speaker, I rise to 
express several serious concerns with the flawed process that led to a flawed product, H.R. 3134, the ‘‘Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015.’’ 
Ten shocking videos released over the last 
few months document what many already knew was happening at Planned Parenthood facilities around our nation—the selling and trafficking of fetal organs for a profit. For the vast majority of Americans who view human life as sacred, these videos halve caused righteous anger and disgust that the taxpayer- subsidized ‘‘non-profit organization’’ is not only extinguishing human life but also making money off of human parts—at the taxpayers’ expense. 
This is the moment for the pro-life move-
ment to hold this evil organization accountable by completely and unequivocally defunding Planned Parenthood. 
Rather than fighting to protect life and actu-
ally defunding Planned Parenthood, we are voting today on a weak bill, without teeth, that does not defund Planned Parenthood. 
H.R. 3134 only places a one-year morato-
rium on federal funding of Planned Parent-hood. Furthermore, it includes exceptions to 
continue to allow taxpayer dollars to go to Planned Parenthood and its abortion factories. 
With all we know about what goes on at 
Planned Parenthood’s abortion factories, why are we voting on a bill to ‘‘defund’’ Planned Parenthood for one year? 
What’s worse, H.R. 3134 does not defund 
Planned Parenthood. The exceptions included in this bill allow taxpayer dollars to be used to fund abortions performed at Planned Parent-hood. In effect, this bill is a proactive vote by the GOP-controlled House of Representatives to affirmatively fund abortions at Planned Parentlgd facilities. The very bill leadership has promoted as the solution to this grisly problem—the taxpayer funded mutilation of fully formed children—actually rubber stamps the existing situation. 
Furthermore, the certification process in this 
bill is ripe for fraud and abuse. All Planned Parenthood needs to do is certify it is already following federal law and the Hyde Amend-ment to continue to receive funding. Who en-sures this certification? Once Planned Parent-hood receives federal funding and is found to violate this Act, what is the process for the ex-ecutive branch to seek repayment of this money? H.R. 3134 does not go far enough to address concerns for fraud and abuse. 
Because of my serious concerns with the 
substance of H.R. 3134, I offered an amend-ment to the Rules Committee on Wednesday, September 16, 2015. My amendment states: 
‘‘No funds authorized or appropriated by 
Federal law may be made available for any purpose to—(1) Planned Parenthood Federa-tion of America, Inc.; (2) any affiliate or clinic of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc.; or (3) any successor of Planned Parent-hood Federation of America, Inc. or any such affiliate or clinic.’’ 
My amendment is simple: no federal funds 
to Planned Parenthood. Period. No one-year moratorium. No exceptions. That should be the goal of this debate and any legislation to defund Planned Parenthood. 
Unfortunately, the Rules Committee did not 
approve my amendment for debate on the floor or adopt it as part of the underlying bill. If my amendment was considered on the floor, I am confident that my colleagues would have overwhelming support and adopted my amendment into the underlying bill. 
The funding fight starts now—this is our 
marker—H.R. 3134 is not a sufficient vote to defund Planned Parenthood. I expect much stronger language than this in the CR coming up in the next few weeks. Innocent, unborn babies deserve more than just a show vote. 
For these reasons, I will cast a present vote. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 421, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18SE7.020 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6165 September 18, 2015 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. ESTY. Madam Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the bill? 
Ms. ESTY. I am, in its current form. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I reserve a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
The Clerk will report the motion to 
recommit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Esty moves to recommit the bill, H.R. 
3134, to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the fol-lowing amendment: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 6. NO IMPACT ON FUNDING FOR ORGANIZA-
TIONS PROVIDING WOMEN’S HEALTH SERVICES. 
Notwithstanding section 3, nothing in this 
Act shall impact the amount of funding available for any organization that provides women’s health services, such as preventive care and cancer screenings, in appropriations legislation for fiscal year 2016, including any continuing resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Connecticut is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. 
Ms. ESTY. Madam Speaker, this is 
the final amendment to the bill which will not stop the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, this bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
I rise today as a mother, as a woman, 
and as a Representative to offer this straightforward amendment to protect women’s access to vital health care. 
Contrary to what many Americans 
have been led to believe, the bill before us today is not about abortion. This bill would, however, restrict women’s access to health care all across the country by entirely eliminating all Federal funding for Planned Parent-hood. 
Let’s be very clear. No Federal tax 
dollars go towards abortions, and none have since 1976. That is not what this bill is about. 
We all know a woman who has been 
diagnosed with cancer—cervical can-cer, breast cancer, ovarian cancer. It may be your mother, your neighbor, or your wife who sought preventive care or cancer screening from a doctor of her choice. 
Yes, we all know a woman who has 
received quality medical care at Planned Parenthood. In fact, one in five American women have sought medical care from Planned Parent-hood. It may be your daughter. It may be your boss. It may be your colleague. 
My amendment will ensure that any 
qualified organization that provides women’s health services can receive funding. It is simple, and it is fair. 
We need more access to quality 
health care, not less. We need to stop trying to restrict access to lifesaving cancer screenings, birth control, and well-woman exams. We need to stop fighting 40-year-old battles on women’s rights. Defunding Planned Parenthood would 
have a devastating impact on women, especially low-income women, women in rural communities, and women of color. 
It is not only women who receive 
health care at Planned Parenthood. Men receive health care at Planned Parenthood, too. 
Here are some facts about Planned 
Parenthood’s critical role in providing health services to Americans every year. 
Planned Parenthood provides family 
planning counseling and contraceptive care to 2.1 million Americans, more than 1.1 million pregnancy tests, near-ly 400,000 Pap smear tests, and nearly 500,000 lifesaving breast exams. 
Let’s remember that, in many areas, 
Planned Parenthood is the only source of family planning services. That is why, in 1976, as a college freshman, I volunteered for Planned Parenthood because I had seen the impact on young women in my rural high school who had no access to family planning serv-ices. Too many got pregnant, dropped out of school, and never pursued their dreams. 
Today, with only 5 legislative days 
left, we should be focusing on avoiding a reckless and unnecessary government shutdown. 
Do you remember the last govern-
ment shutdown, the one that cost us $24 billion? No wonder some don’t think America is great right now. Dys-function in this Congress is under-mining the American people’s faith in democracy. 
We, in Congress, have the power to 
act. We have the opportunity, and we have the duty to set aside ideological battles and, instead, take up the ur-gent business of the American people. 
We should reauthorize the Export- 
Import Bank and pass a long-term, well-funded highway trust fund bill, in-vesting in America’s infrastructure, to ensure that America will continue to be great throughout the 21st century. 
I urge my colleagues to support my 
amendment to ensure that American women have access to vital health care, no matter where they live and no matter how much they earn. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I withdraw my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
ervation of the point of order is with-drawn. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I claim the time in opposition to the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Tennessee is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
we all know that Planned Parenthood receives hundreds of millions of tax-payer dollars. For them to get that money, while they are under investiga-tion for profiting off the sale of body parts, baby body parts, is just abso-lutely abhorrent. What this bill does is to put a 1-year 
moratorium while we conduct the in-vestigation. Let’s be real clear about that, a 1-year moratorium while we do our due diligence. That is what you call smart business, doing your due diligence, being a steward of the tax-payers’ money. 
Now, I have found it so interesting 
that they continue to say this will cut access to women’s health care. No, it will not. 
Do you know Planned Parenthood 
sees less than 2 percent of all American women in a given year? There is an amendment on this legislation by Mrs. E
LLMERS , it redirects $235 million to 
the FQHCs, the federally qualified health centers. 
It will increase access because we 
have more of those centers in more un-derserved areas, and they are required to provide services which include diag-nostic lab and radiological services. 
Planned Parenthood has cut those 
screenings and cancer screenings and those services in half over the last few years, while they have increased their abortions to 300,000 a year. 
b1215 
We are right in restricting these 
funds to Planned Parenthood while we conduct this investigation. We are right to be a steward of the taxpayer money. 
Madam Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote 
on the motion to recommit and a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the passage of H.R. 3134. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. ESTY. Madam Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered, and passage of H.R. 3504. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 183, nays 245, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 504] 
YEAS—183 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps 
Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa 
Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.036 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6166 September 18, 2015 
Duckworth 
Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo 
Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence 
Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—245 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—6 
Ca´rdenas 
Fincher Fortenberry 
Smith (WA) Thompson (CA) 
Wagner 
b1239 
Messrs. COFFMAN, MULVANEY, and 
ROGERS of Alabama changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM, Mr. M CDERMOTT, 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, and Mr. VAN HOLLEN changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 241, noes 187, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 505] 
AYES—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino 
Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—187 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes 
Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18SE7.014 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6167 September 18, 2015 
McDermott 
McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley 
Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) 
Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
King (IA) 
NOT VOTING—5 
Fincher 
Fortenberry Smith (WA) 
Thompson (CA) Wagner 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1247 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
BORN-ALIVE ABORTION 
SURVIVORS PROTECTION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 3504) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a healthcare practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 248, nays 177, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 506] 
YEAS—248 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar 
Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) 
Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson 
Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo 
Long Loudermilk Love Lucas 
Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—177 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney 
Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins 
Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn Maloney, Sean 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Garamendi 
NOT VOTING—8 
Delaney 
Fincher Fortenberry Kind 
Rangel Smith (WA) Thompson (CA) 
Wagner 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
LUMMIS ) (during the vote). There are 2 
minutes remaining. 
b1254 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. WAGNER. Madam Speaker, due to ex-
tenuating circumstances, I was unable to at-tend votes for the week of September 14 through September 18, 2015. 
On passage of H.R. 1214—National Forest 
Small Tracts Amendments Act of 2015 (rollcall vote No. 495), had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
On passage of H.R. 1949—National Liberty 
Memorial Clarification Act of 2015 (rollcall vote No. 496), had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
On passage of H.R. 758—Lawsuit Abuse 
Reduction Act (rollcall vote No. 501), had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
On passage of H.R. 3134—Defund Planned 
Parenthood Act of 2015 (rollcall vote No. 505), had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
On passage of H.R. 3504—Born Alive Abor-
tion Survivors Protection Act (rollcall vote No. 506), had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
CONGRATULATING LEW MOHR 
(Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in recognition of an exemplary member of my district in Bucks Coun-ty, Pennsylvania. 
For decades, Lew Mohr has been a 
tireless advocate for Scouting in Bucks County and an outstanding leader for countless young men. 
Both in the Playwicki District and 
the Washington Crossing Council, there 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18SE7.019 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6168 September 18, 2015 
is no doubt that throughout his long 
career in Scouting Lew has done his best to do his duty to God and country, to obey the Scout law, and to help other people at all times. 
This evening, Mr. Mohr is again 
going to be recognized by the local Scouting community for his decades of great work. 
As a fellow Scouter and a friend, it is 
my honor to congratulate Lew on an-other well-deserved recognition and highlight a life of Scouting well lived. 
f 
b1300 
LOOMING GOVERNMENT 
SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, we are 
going to be in session next week. Nor-mally, as you know, we have a colloquy on the schedule. There is no colloquy today because, essentially, there is no schedule. We don’t know what is going to be proposed to fund government, which will shut down in approximately 14 days if this body does not act. Actu-ally, it is less than 14 days. It is 6 legis-lative days, Mr. Speaker. 
The Export-Import Bank has been al-
lowed to essentially go out of business for new loans, and we are losing jobs, Mr. Speaker, but there is no schedule. The highway bill on which States, cit-ies, counties, localities, and private sector relies for some degree of cer-tainty, there is no schedule, Mr. Speak-er. 
I regret that we do not have a col-
loquy today. I regret that the Export- Import Bank was not moved yesterday, today, or is not on the schedule for next week. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time that the ma-
jority party sets forth a schedule to make sure America succeeds. 
f 
CHANGE SENATE RULES 
(Mr. PALAZZO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, the 
American people are sick and tired of talk. They want action. 
For 3 years now, Senate Democrats 
have blocked votes on bills important to all Americans. They have blindly supported the President’s failed poli-cies and have shielded him from having to defend his policies to the American people. 
House Republicans have heard the 
American cry for help. We fought to re-peat ObamaCare. We fought to stop the reckless Iranian nuclear agreement. Once again, we are fighting to defend the defenseless. We have passed budg-ets that will reduce our national debt, stop job-killing regulations, provide for our national defense, and get Ameri-cans working again. 
Republicans control Congress. We 
have better solutions to the problems that face our Nation. It is time for the 
President to go on record for his oppo-sition to commonsense solutions that put America first. This can only hap-pen if the Senate employs the nuclear option. It is time to change the Senate rules and force this President and the Senate to work for the American peo-ple instead of against them. 
f 
CALLING FOR BIPARTISAN 
BUDGET AGREEMENT 
(Mr. TAKAI asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to discuss an issue of great importance, the need to pass a budget bill and pre-vent a government shutdown. 
I think many of us here on Capitol 
Hill heard all the buzz when former Daily Show host Jon Stewart came into town, but what I hope is not lost in all the excitement was his reason for coming. 
He came to deliver a message to Con-
gress to pass the reauthorization of the James Zadroga 9/11 First Responders Act, of which I am a proud cosponsor. It expires at the end of this month. 
Instead of working to subsidize the 
health care of our courageous first re-sponders, Congress is fixated on cre-ating another manufactured crisis. In-stead of providing a firefighter burned so badly while saving a victim of the attack of the Twin Towers or a police officer suffering from lung cancer be-cause of exposure to toxic chemicals free health care and really thanking them for their heroic sacrifices, Con-gress again took no action. 
I truly hope my colleagues recognize 
the gravity of the situation and come together to get back to conducting the business of this Nation. 
f 
NATIONAL POW-MIA DAY 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize today as National POW-MIA Recogni-tion Day, in honor of missing service-men and -women across our Nation. 
Sadly, more than 80,000 American 
soldiers ranging from World War II, the Korean war, and Vietnam are still un-accounted for. While we are thankful that several nations have worked to as-sist the United States in research and recovery efforts, there are still hurdles to clear when it comes to negotiations and operations. That is why I drafted H. Con. Res. 56, entitled ‘‘Keeping Our Promise to MIAs and POWs.’’ 
This bipartisan, noncontroversial 
resolution seeks to increase coopera-tion with nations that we enter into trade agreements in the research and recovery of our unaccounted soldiers. 
With so many servicemen and 
-women still unaccounted for, we need to do everything we can to bring them 
home with the honor and dignity that they deserve. 
I encourage all my colleagues to sign 
on to H. Con. Res. 56. 
f 
ANTISHUTDOWN 
(Mr. PETERS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, unless we 
act soon, our government’s functions will cease in 10 days. At the end of Oc-tober, transportation and highway con-structions will halt. Instead, Congress can do the right thing to create jobs 
for millions of Americans across this country. 
This summer, the regular process for 
funding the government broke down because the majority couldn’t figure out its stance on the Confederate flag. Today, partisan extremists are threat-ening another shutdown over women’s health care that would be a self-in-flicted hit to our economy. 
We know that shutting down the gov-
ernment would be devastating for our economy. Standard & Poor’s estimated that the 2013 shutdown cost our econ-omy $24 billion in economic activity; so instead of flirting with the govern-ment shutdown disaster, we should be investing in our future. 
Twice this summer, Congress did the 
bare minimum by passing multiple, short-term extensions to the highway trust fund, mostly through accounting gimmicks. Across the board, from workers organizations to business groups, there is opposition to a govern-ment shutdown and support for long- term investments in infrastructure. 
We should get to work, making it 
easier for Americans to grow their businesses and to create high-quality jobs instead of punishing our infra-structure, our military, and our econ-omy with foolish partisanship. 
f 
WELCOME POPE FRANCIS 
(Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, in just a 
matter of days, we will welcome Pope Francis to the Nation’s Capital. 
Pope Francis is the 266th Bishop of 
Rome, following a line of succession that goes all the way back to St. Peter 2,000 years ago. The sixteenth chapter of the Gospel of Matthew teaches that Jesus told Peter that he would be the rock on whom Jesus would build his church. 
Now, for the first time in history, 
Peter’s successor will address Congress. 
Here is an interesting perspective: 
America remains a young Nation com-pared to the 2,000-year-old Catholic church. While we have had 44 different Presidents—President Obama is the 45th President because count Grover Cleveland as the 22nd and 24th Presi-dent—just 16 of the church’s 266 popes have governed the church since 1776. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.046 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6169 September 18, 2015 
The Pope’s visit offers all Americans, 
Catholics and non-Catholics alike, a chance to reflect on the great issues of the day, including the sanctity of life, threats to the family, religious free-dom, economic justice, care for the less fortunate, war and peace, and steward-ship of the Earth. 
Pope Francis’ visit is an invitation to 
dialogue, and I look forward to his ad-dress. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
(Mr. TONKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, this week, 
one of the largest employers in my dis-trict, General Electric, announced it would be cutting hundreds of jobs na-tionwide due to Congress’—due to the leadership in this House—inability to renew the Export-Import Bank. 
This politics over people and Repub-
lican dysfunction has plagued this body since the GOP won the majority. It has led to a government shutdown, obses-sion with blocking the President at every turn, and now a loss of hundreds of jobs in my district, Schenectady, New York. 
The blame game is played all too 
often in Washington and at the desks of cable news pundits. 
This, however, is a fact: hundreds of 
jobs in my district are gone because Republican House leadership decided it was more important to appease the ex-treme conservative flank of their own party than to renew an agency that creates jobs while cutting the deficit. 
As the Albany Times-Union accu-
rately phrased it: ‘‘This is the price tag of a Congress ruled by drown-govern-ment-in-the-bathtub ideologues who have no regard for facts: 500 American jobs bound for France, Hungary, and China.’’ 
I invite anyone in this body to visit 
Schenectady, New York. There, they will find families that work hard and play by the rules and don’t expect a handout. In this case, a dysfunctional Congress shut down a program that lost families in my district their jobs. That is morally reprehensible and com-pletely unacceptable. 
Let’s do our job and not have other 
people lose their job because of inac-tion in this House. 
f 
FEDERAL AGENCIES NEED MORE 
OVERSIGHT 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, Con-
gress has a duty to ensure that tax-payer dollars by hard-working Ameri-cans are spent wisely and responsibly. However, too often, we have seen Fed-eral agencies that have acted in a way that waste taxpayer money by holding excessive conferences with extravagant gifts, luxuries, and perks. We all remember the lavish Las 
Vegas GSA conference that cost $823,000 for 300 employees, including tens of thousands of dollars spent on gifts. The IRS spent a whopping $50 million—taxpayer dollars—on con-ferences alone during a 3-year period. 
These agencies need more account-
ability. That is why my colleague, R
ON 
KIND, and I have introduced the bipar-
tisan TRACE Act. This legislation sim-ply requires the head of a Federal agen-cy who is hosting a conference to sub-mit a summary of that event to Con-gress for review. 
This initiative will hold agencies ac-
countable. It will improve oversight and transparency. It will save hard- earned taxpayer money, and it will cre-ate a more efficient and effective gov-ernment. 
f 
STANDING UP FOR AMERICA 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
this Nation has a great history, and I would ask the question: What would Franklin Delano Roosevelt do, Presi-dent Eisenhower, or Ronald Reagan, or John F. Kennedy, when a question 
from someone in the room attacked and presented a negative attitude about Muslims or Catholics or those in the Jewish faith or Protestant? 
Well, it happened in a townhall meet-
ing of a Presidential candidate. This person thought that they were malign-ing and deriding the President of the United States when they called him Muslim and that he was not a citizen; yet no voice rang out in this townhall meeting to oppose that heinous and horrific attitude toward individuals of the Muslim faith, who actually have fought on behalf of the flag of the United States of America. We malign no people for a general issue that all of us know we are all against, the world family is against. 
Now, I ask this Congress to likewise 
fund this government because the last time, when the Republicans shut the government down in 2013, we lost $24 billion. 
Because you are denying women 
health care, you now want to defund the government and, at the same time, keep jobs away from the American peo-ple by not reauthorizing the Export- Import Bank. 
Not only were 300 jobs lost, but 400 
jobs may be lost by a businessman in Kenya who was waiting for the Export- Import Bank. He is an American, and he had 400 jobs. 
I say, Mr. Speaker, stop the foolish-
ness. Act like the history of this Na-tion, and stand up for what is right. 
f 
GIVE AMERICA THE SAME DEAL 
IRAN GETS 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
under the President’s nuclear deal, the United States agreed to give the world’s largest state sponsor of ter-rorism a billion-dollar oil boom. The United States will allow Iran to export its crude oil, but ironically, it still bans exports of our crude oil. 
The administration has the power to 
lift the American ban on crude oil ex-ports, but the White House seems to be more worried about playing the Cham-berlain and appeasing Iran than help-ing the United States economy. 
The United States is the largest 
crude oil producer in the world. There is a world demand for this oil, but the White House will not allow exports, so the oil stays stagnant in the ground. 
This ban is one factor that has led to 
70,000 jobs being lost in the energy sec-tor in America. Exporting U.S. crude oil will lower gas prices, create jobs, and increase our influence worldwide. 
If the President won’t act, Congress 
must. It is time to stop putting the in-terests of the mullahs and the haters of the United States above Americans citizens. Export American oil. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
b1315 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 
CRESCENTA VALLEY HIGH SCHOOL JUNIOR ROTC PROGRAM 
(Mr. SCHIFF asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize the Crescenta Valley High School Air Force Junior ROTC. 
Under the distinguished leadership of 
Lieutenant Colonel David Worley, the Crescenta Valley Air Force JROTC is a well-respected and integral part of the foothills communities. 
The cadets who participate in this 
program truly learn the value of com-munity service and personal responsi-bility. It is a tremendous opportunity for young men and women to embrace the core values of ‘‘Integrity First, Service Before Self, and Excellence in All We Do.’’ 
The cadets from the program are 
among the most impressive young peo-ple I have had the privilege to meet. We are so fortunate to have a program in our community that provides a 
structured, vibrant environment to de-velop future leaders. 
I wish to offer my heartfelt congratu-
lations and thanks to Lieutenant Colo-nel Worley and all the participants at Crescenta Valley High School. I am confident there is no program any-where in the Nation that is a better representative of the Air Force JROTC. I speak for all my constituents when I say, Job well done. 
f 
IF YOU WANT TO DESTROY ISIS, 
YOU MUST DESTROY BASHAR AL-ASSAD 
(Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois asked 
and was given permission to address 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.048 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6170 September 18, 2015 
the House for 1 minute and to revise 
and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I didn’t intend to speak today, but I just wanted to remind the American people, as I hear that the United States is about to enter talks with Russia over their presence in the Middle East, Russia is there for one reason. They are there to prop up a man named Bashar al-Assad, who has killed a quarter million of his own peo-ple. 
Many of those people that Bashar al- 
Assad has killed include women and children. These children may look dif-ferent or speak a different language, in some cases, than in the United States, but these are children with the same dreams as many American children. They may want to grow up to be police officers or teachers or doctors or phar-macists or work on the family farm and raise a family. These are young lives that have been snuffed out by the barrel bombs of this evil dictator. 
As we wrestle with the failures in the 
Middle East and what to do with it, let me remind the American people that the choice is not between ISIS or Assad, but the choice is if you want to destroy ISIS, you must destroy Bashar al-Assad. 
f 
CONSTITUTION DAY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
POLIQUIN ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) is recognized for 60 minutes 
as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, we have 
talked about a lot this week. There has been a lot going on in Congress. We haven’t gotten to spend much time rec-ognizing that yesterday was Constitu-tion Day, September 17, celebrating that summer in 1787 where they worked all summer long and all the way up until September 17 to craft this docu-ment that I would argue has preserved our freedoms for over 200 years. I want to talk about what I would argue is a national threat, a bipartisan threat to those principles embodied in that Con-stitution. 
By way of background, Mr. Speaker, 
I want to put up a quote from James Madison. You can’t see it from where you are, but James Madison says this: 
The accumulation of all powers, legisla-
tive, executive, and judiciary, in the same hands, whether of one, a few, or many, and whether hereditary, self-appointed, or elec-tive, may justly be pronounced the very defi-nition of tyranny. 
Mr. Speaker, we talk a lot about tyr-
anny in different governments around the globe. What James Madison says is we are not talking about one evil dic-tator. 
Mr. K
INZINGER was down here just a 
moment ago talking about how one evil dictator can change the entire makeup of regional peace and stability. James Madison portrays it even larger. He says it does not matter whether it is one person or a few people or even 
many people. It does not matter wheth-er it is hereditary or self-appointed or elective. When you have all of the power located in any one place, tyr-
anny is the result. 
We learn at an early age in our 
schools, Mr. Speaker, about separation of powers. We learn about checks and balances. We learn about the legisla-tive branch on Capitol Hill, the Su-preme Court right behind us, the exec-utive branch headquartered at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, and the natural tension that is created within those branches. 
John Adams said, Mr. Speaker: 
A question arises whether all the powers of 
government, legislative, executive, and judi-cial, shall be left in this body. 
They were struggling at that time 
trying to create our form of govern-ment. He says: 
I think a people cannot long be free, nor 
ever happy, whose government is in one As-sembly. 
Constitution Day yesterday, Mr. 
Speaker, represents the culmination of all of the challenges, all of the thoughts, all of the prayers to spawn a new nation. But what they grappled with for the entirety of that summer was how to create a system that would prevent a return to tyranny. 
The accumulation of all powers in the 
same hands, whether one, few, or many, whether hereditary, whether self-appointed, whether elective, may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny. 
James Madison. 
I talk about that, Mr. Speaker, here, 
the day after Constitution Day, be-cause this is something that I have seen come up over and over again in my lifetime in a bipartisan and a bi-cameral way. 
So often we find ourselves talking 
about President Obama, Mr. Speaker, and I will certainly do that later on in this hour, but I want to begin by talk-ing about President Bush. The headline I have here coming from The Wash-ington Post, Mr. Speaker, says: ‘‘Bush’s Tactic of Refusing Laws is Probed.’’ The Washington Post says this: 
The President is indicating that he will 
not either enforce part or the entirety of congressional bills, according to the ABA president, a Massachusetts attorney. ‘‘We will be close to a constitutional crisis,’’ the ABA president says, ‘‘when the President of the United States’ use of signing statements is left unchecked.’’ 
This is where you are signing a bill 
into law. We have all seen the ‘‘I am just a bill sitting here on Capitol Hill.’’ We all know how laws are made. Con-gress deliberates, crafts, passes, sends to the President for his signature. Well, a signing statement is when you sign a bill into law and say: Oh, but by the way, this particular part of the law I don’t recognize as being valid. Well, the veto pen gives you an opportunity to reject a law if you don’t like it. A signing statement says: I like this part, and I am going to enforce it, but I don’t like this part, and I am not. Another headline, ‘‘Bush Challenges 
Hundreds of Laws’’: 
President Bush has quietly claimed the au-
thority to disobey more than 750 laws en-acted since he took office, asserting that he has the power to set aside any statute passed by Congress when it conflicts with his inter-pretation of the Constitution. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, you and I were not 
in Congress during the Bush adminis-tration. You and I did not have an oversight role of the Bush administra-tion, but I would tell you that Repub-licans and Democrats are each complicit in their own way in allowing the people’s power, not the House’s power, but the people’s power to slowly drift down Pennsylvania Avenue, away from the people’s representatives on Capitol Hill and into the hands of a Chief Executive. 
This was going on during the Bush 
administration. This was a part of the national conversation during the Bush administration, but most Republicans remained silent. This is not a Repub-lican or a Democratic issue. This is an American issue. This is a constitu-tional issue. If we are to prevent tyr-anny, we have to stand and be counted. 
Mr. Speaker, Barack Obama was in 
Congress during the Bush administra-tion. While you and I were not, Barack Obama was, and he says this in March of 2008: 
I take the Constitution very seriously. The 
biggest problems that we are facing right now have to do with the President— 
then President Bush— 
trying to bring more and more power into the executive branch and not go through Congress at all. And that is what I intend to reverse when I’m President of the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, that is almost laugh-
able, as we sit here in September of 2015. The words of then-Senator, now- President Barack Obama: 
I take the Constitution very seriously. The 
biggest problems that we are facing right now have to do with the President trying to bring more and more power into the execu-tive branch and not go through Congress at all, and that’s what I intend to reverse when I’m President of the United States. 
May of that same year, Mr. Speaker, 
then Senator Obama, now President Obama says this: 
We have got a government designed by the 
Founders so that there would be checks and balances. You don’t want a President who is too powerful or a Congress who is too power-ful or a court that is too powerful. Everybody’s got their own role. Congress’ job is to pass legislation. The President can veto it or he can sign it. I believe in the Constitu-tion, and I will obey the Constitution of the United States. We are not going to use sign-ing statements as a way of doing an end run around Congress. 
When President Obama was Senator 
Obama, he saw separation of powers clearly; he saw the checks and balances clearly. On the campaign trail, while he was seeking to be the next President of the United States, he recognized the transgressions of the Bush administra-tion, and he said: 
Not on my watch, I will not follow in that 
path. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.049 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6171 September 18, 2015 
That was an election year, 2008. It 
seems laughable as we sit here in Sep-tember of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, I take you to a press 
conference by President Obama in Au-gust of 2013. The Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare, was in all the headlines. The President says this: 
In a normal political environment, it 
would have been easier for me to simply call up the Speaker, then Speaker B
OEHNER , and 
say, you know what, this is a tweak that doesn’t go to the essence of the law—it has to do with, for example, are we able to sim-plify the attestation of employers to whether they’re already providing health insurance or not. 
Mr. Speaker, if you don’t recall this 
press conference, the President, having just begun to implement the Affordable Care Act—remember, it was jammed through Congress, completely partisan vote, wasn’t quite ready for prime time, but they lost the Senate election; they had to move through the unfin-ished product. As that bill is being im-plemented, obviously there are prob-lems because it was not a conference bill. It was not a bill that had worked its way through the committee proc-ess. The President says: Well, ordi-narily, when you are trying to fix these kind of problems, I would have just called up the Speaker. I would have said, Mr. Speaker, the law didn’t work out quite the way we wanted it to. We need a few tweaks to make the law work. 
The President continues. He says: It 
looks like there may be some better ways to do this, better ways than the way the law was drafted. Let’s make a technical change to the law, the Presi-dent says, what he would have asked for, had he called Speaker B
OEHNER . 
The President says: That would be the normal thing that I would prefer to do, but we are not in a normal atmosphere around here when it comes to ObamaCare. We did have the executive authority to do so—by doing so, he means waiving parts of the Affordable Care Act—and we did so. 
As candidate Obama, he saw clearly 
that the Bush administration was over-stepping its bounds as the executive, failing to either veto a law or pass a law, failing to recognize the separation of powers, Mr. Speaker. The President recognized that when he was a United States Senator. He recognized that while he was on the campaign trail, but when he was sworn into the office of President of the United States of America, upholder and defender of the United States Constitution, he says: 
What I would have liked to have done was 
follow the law. What I would have liked to have done was to contact the Speaker and try to change the law, but we are not in nor-mal circumstances around here. So I just did it myself. I had the authority, and I did it myself. 
Mr. Speaker, that was one press con-
ference in August of 2013, but the list goes on. I am not having this conversa-tion today to pick on the President of the United States, not this President of the United States in particular, but something happens when you have all 
of the power and the responsibility that is vested in the White House—it happened to President Bush; it has happened to President Obama—where 
you say: I have all of this responsi-bility, and I am just going to do it. As long as the ends are correct, the means don’t matter. 
b1330 
That is not okay. It is not okay for 
any of us, Republican or Democrat. You may like the way that goes today. As a Republican, we may have liked it when President Bush was doing it. As a Democrat, you might like it when President Obama is doing it. 
But it is not the right way to run 
this country, and it is dangerous—dan-gerous—to the folks who actually hold the power, and that is each individual citizen of the United States. 
I will use the Affordable Care Act, 
Mr. Speaker, as one minor example. The individual mandate delay said every American must go out and buy health insurance. Well, the plans weren’t available. 
Again, the law wasn’t ready for 
prime time. We all knew it wasn’t going to work. The President knew it wasn’t going to work. 
Congress introduced not one bill, not 
two bills, not three bills, but four dif-ferent bills to fix the individual man-date. These were not Republican bills. These were bipartisan bills. 
But the President, in the press con-
ference that we talked about from Au-gust 2013, decided by himself to act uni-laterally to change the law. It wasn’t that Congress wouldn’t do it. Congress wanted to do it. 
The President said: 
No. I don’t want to work with Congress to 
do it. I am going to do it on my own. 
He didn’t just do it in October of 2013. 
He waived it again in March 2014 and again in February 2015, all on the one very specific section of the individual mandate. 
We could have worked together. The 
Constitution requires that we work to-gether. The Constitution requires that the law either be followed or be changed. 
Changes of the law have to come 
through Congress, have to be signed by the President. In the case of Barack Obama, neither happened. 
The employer mandate delay, Mr. 
Speaker, again, it is not that the House didn’t want to deal with this issue. As you recall, the employers were not ready for this. 
Again, this was not a fully baked 
idea. The White House knew this wasn’t going to work. The Congress knew this wasn’t going to work. 
And so the House, of which I was a 
Member at that time, didn’t just come up with a bill. We passed a bill. There wasn’t just one bill. 
There were three bills—House bills 
and Senate bills—to solve this problem that the White House knew existed, that Congress knew existed, and that the American people knew existed. But the President didn’t work with 
Congress. He went off and acted alone in July of 2013, waiving it once, and in February of 2014, waiving it again. Where is the outcry? Not the outcry over the policy, but the outcry over the process. 
There are things that happen in this 
country, Mr. Speaker, that you and I may agree with the ends. But if the means are not the correct means, we have to stand up and say no. 
Any American who works in manu-
facturing knows that, if you have a flawed process, you are going to produce a flawed product. 
Process matters. It matters most 
when we are talking about protecting individual liberty. But Americans have become so frustrated, Mr. Speaker. 
Americans have put that label on 
Washington, D.C., as either being inept or ineffective, intransigent, not able to work together, not able to move things forward. They have come to a place where they say the ends justify the means. It is a dangerous place to be. 
Mr. Speaker, going back to the Af-
fordable Care Act, ‘‘The renewal of noncompliant plans’’ is the headline I have here. I am sure you remember that from May, Mr. Speaker. 
These were the plans that the Presi-
dent said are so bad, they are so dam-aging to American families, we have got to outlaw them. If you have one of these plans, we are going to outlaw these plans, because they are unworthy of Americans. 
Well, when it actually came time for 
that part of the law to go into effect, it turns out there was a reason these plans existed: because folks couldn’t afford more of an insurance policy than that. They needed these plans. 
So what the President did is he said: 
We know this isn’t going to work. We know 
this part of the law is flawed. We have to fix it. 
Congress said: 
You are absolutely right. 
House bill, Senate bill, bipartisan 
bills to solve the problem. The Presi-dent acted alone, first in November of 2013, then in March of 2014, waiving the law, saying: 
I advocated for this law. I signed this law. 
I made this language the law of the land. But now I don’t like it. Rather than seeking a so-lution from Congress—which Congress had— I am going to act alone. 
And, finally, on the Affordable Care 
Act, Mr. Speaker, the penalty waivers where you were going to be fined. If you didn’t do what the law said you were supposed to do, you were going to be fined by the law. That wasn’t going to work. 
The system was not in place for 
Americans to follow the law. The pa-perwork trail, as you know, is amaz-ingly burdensome. Folks could not comply with the law. 
The White House knew it. The Con-
gress knew it. The American people know it. That is why we had not one bill, not two bills, not three bills, but four bills, not just in the House, but in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.051 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6172 September 18, 2015 
the House and Senate, not just Repub-
licans, but bipartisan bills to solve that problem. 
But the President didn’t work with 
the Congress. The President didn’t call the Speaker. The President went and acted alone, first in January 2015, again in February 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, I am not down here to 
argue about the results of what the President did. I supported this legisla-tion to achieve all of the goals that the President achieved by acting alone. But the President cannot write the law. The Congress must write the law. 
We, as the American people—not we, 
as the House of Representatives—we, as the American people, cannot support a President amassing all of that au-thority to do whatever that President likes alone. 
Our Framers knew it. John Adams 
knew it. James Madison knew it. They worked throughout the summer of 1787 to prevent it from ever taking root here in America. If we fail to keep watch, it is going to be on our watch that those liberties slip away. 
I will go back to President George 
Bush. Because it makes me sad, Mr. Speaker, that when we try to have a conversation where we are critical of the White House, it sounds like we are just picking on a President that is not of our party. Nonsense. 
I am not saying that doesn’t go on. 
Of course that goes on. I am just say-ing that is not where we are today. So I want to take it back to President Bush one more time. 
President Bush worked on immigra-
tion reform. Goodness knows we need immigration reform. I support immi-gration reform. We have a system that is broken. 
Folks who need to get here can’t get 
here. Folks who shouldn’t be here are able to get here. Anyway, it is a prob-lem and challenge that America has been facing not just this year, not last year, but for decades. 
President Bush said this: 
Legal immigration is one of the top con-
cerns of the American people. And Congress’ failure to act on it is a disappointment. 
The American people understand the 
status quo is unacceptable when it comes to our immigration laws. A lot of us worked hard to see if we couldn’t find common ground, but it didn’t work. 
President Bush, wanting to achieve 
immigration reform, chastised Con-gress for not acting on immigration re-form, championing the cause, asking for Congress to do more, but under-standing what his limitations are. 
President Obama, March 2011: 
With respect to the notion that I can just 
suspend deportations through an executive order, that is just not the case, because there are laws on the books that Congress has. 
In March of 2011, when asked about 
deportations and what is going on with immigration law and why won’t Con-gress move forward, the President says: 
The notion that I can just suspend deporta-
tions just isn’t the case because there are laws that govern deportations. President Obama, October 2010: 
I am President. I am not king. I can’t do 
these things just by myself. We have a sys-tem of government that requires the Con-gress to work with the executive branch to make it happen. 
Mr. Speaker, these are the words of 
President Obama shortly after he be-came President. These are the senti-ments of President Obama echoing the sentiments of then-Senator Obama when he said there is a way that this government is supposed to run and it takes all three branches to make it happen. Nobody can do it alone. 
President Obama, May 2010: 
Comprehensive reform. That is how we are 
going to solve this problem. Anybody who tells you it is going to be easy or that I can just waive a magic wand and make it happen hasn’t been paying attention to how this town works. 
He knows that it has to be a collabo-
rative effort in order to change the law. 
July 2010, President Obama: 
There are those in the immigrants’ rights 
community who have argued passionately that we should simply provide those who are here illegally with legal status or at least ig-nore the laws on the books and put an end to deportations until we have better laws. 
That is what folks were asking of 
President Obama: 
Can’t you just ignore the laws? If you can’t 
ignore the laws, won’t you just put deporta-tions on hold? 
The President responded with this: 
I believe that such an indiscriminate ap-
proach would be both unwise and unfair. It would suggest to those thinking about com-ing here illegally that there will be no reper-cussions for such a decision, and this could lead to a surge in more illegal immigration. 
Did you see that was a little different 
conversation than what the President was talking about a little earlier? 
Statement after statement, speech 
after speech, conversation after con-versation, the President said: 
No, I can’t do this because it is against the 
law. No, I can’t do this because the Constitu-tion doesn’t give me these powers. No, I can’t do this because that is not what a President in the United States of America is allowed to do. 
But then the conversation begins to 
change. What I just read to you, Mr. Speaker, was a quote about policy: 
Well, I just don’t think it is a good 
idea to do it. 
It is not it is illegal, not it is uncon-
stitutional to do it. 
I just don’t think it is a good idea to do it. 
Mr. Speaker, fast-forward to Novem-
ber of last year. The President talked about his unilateral actions to suspend deportations, exactly as he said years earlier he was not allowed to do under the law. 
He says this: 
The actions I’m taking are not only lawful, 
they’re the kinds of actions taken by every single Republican President, every single Democratic President of the past half-cen-tury. 
And to those Members of Congress who 
question my authority to make our immi-gration system work better or question the wisdom of me acting where Congress has 
failed, I have one answer: Pass a bill. 
I want to work with both parties to pass a 
more permanent legislative solution. And the day I sign that bill into law, the actions I take today will no longer be necessary. 
That is pretty powerful, Mr. Speaker. 
I wanted Congress to do what I wanted 
Congress to do, but they didn’t. It didn’t. So I’m going to do it myself. I have said that I couldn’t. I said it was illegal to do. But I have rethought it. I now think it is perfectly legal to do, and I’m going to do it. But goods news, Congress, good news, American people. As soon as Congress does do what I want it to do, I’m going to stop doing what I’m not allowed to do. 
Where was the outcry? Not the out-
cry over the policy, Mr. Speaker. The outcry over the process. We heard the outcry from Democrats when President Bush was overreaching. We heard the outcry from Republicans as President Obama has been overreaching. 
But where is the outcry from Amer-
ica that says: 
You know what? There might just be some 
wisdom in what John Adams and James Madison had to say. You know what? There might just be some merit to this whole sepa-ration of powers, checks and balances idea. You know what? Perhaps the ends don’t jus-tify the means. Let’s stick with constitu-tional authority. 
Mr. Speaker, this is not just a con-
gressional or an executive branch issue. I quote Jonathan Turley, law professor, one of the eminent constitu-tional scholars of our time. 
He says this: 
Our government requires consent and com-
promise to function. It goes without saying that, when we are politically divided as a Na-tion, less tends to get done. 
I don’t believe that shocks you, Mr. 
Speaker. It certainly doesn’t shock me. 
However, such division is no license to go 
it alone, as President Obama has suggested. You have only two choices in our system when facing political adversaries. You can either seek to convince them or you can re-place them. 
That is pretty powerful. As we talked 
about Constitution Day yesterday, Mr. Speaker, that is pretty powerful. 
When we disagree in this country, we 
have two options. We can either change one another’s minds or we can replace the people that we put in authority to make those decisions. 
Jonathan Turley continues: 
This is obviously frustrating for our Presi-
dents and their supporters who want to see real change and to transcend gridlock. How-ever, there is nothing noble in circumventing the Constitution. The claim of any one per-son that they can get the job done unilater-ally is the very siren’s call that our Framers warned us to resist. 
b1345 
The very notion that anyone can get 
the job done alone, Mr. Speaker, is the siren’s call that our framers warned us to respect. Jonathan Turley continues: 
It is certainly true that the Framers ex-
pected much from us, but no more than they demanded from themselves. 
Mr. Speaker, this was November of 
2014, when the President did his last 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.053 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6173 September 18, 2015 
round of unilateral immigration 
changes. Headline of the Washington Post, ‘‘President Obama’s Unilateral Action on Immigration Has No Prece-dent.’’ February of this year, headline, ‘‘Federal Judge Blocks Obama’s Execu-tive Actions on Immigration.’’ 
These aren’t issues for the courts, 
Mr. Speaker. If Congress passes a law and the President signs a law and that law is unconstitutional, that is the issue for the courts. The issue of whether or not we want Presidents to be able to amass all the power so that they can get the job done alone is not an issue for the courts. It is an issue for every single one of us as citizens. 
Mr. Speaker, I went through the Af-
fordable Care Act. I went through im-migration. It is not like the list is short. 
Climate change, do you remember 
the climate change bill when Demo-crats had complete control of the U.S. House and the United States Senate and the White House the first 2 years of President Obama’s first term? They worked and worked and worked and worked and worked to pass a climate change bill. They couldn’t do it. It was rejected in a bipartisan way on Capitol Hill. 
Headline from the Washington Post, 
last month, August, 2015, ‘‘What You Need to Know About Obama’s Biggest Global Warming Move Yet, His Clean Power Plan.’’ This is an editorial from Laurence Tribe, another constitutional law professor recognized by absolutely everyone on both sides of the aisle for his knowledge. I would tell you he is not a particularly conservative law professor. I would tell you that he stands with my liberal friends more often than he stands with my conserv-ative friends. 
But he is not talking about lib-
eralism. He is not talking about con-servatism. He is not talking about pub-lic policy. He is talking about constitu-tional law, and he says this: 
As a law professor, I taught the Nation’s 
first environmental law class 45 years ago; and as a lawyer, I have supported countless environmental causes. And as a father and grandfather, I want to leave the Earth in better shape than when I arrived. 
All of his policy goals support the en-
vironment, support those causes—want to leave the Earth in better shape than I found it. He says: 
Nonetheless, I recently filed comments 
with the Environmental Protection Agency urging the Agency to withdraw its Clean Power Plan, a regulatory proposal to reduce carbon emissions from the Nation’s electric power plants. In my view, coping with cli-mate change is a vital end. 
Hear that. In his view, solving the 
problem that the President aims to solve is a vital end. 
Laurence Tribe continues: 
But it does not justify using unconstitu-
tional means. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t admire the men 
and women in this Chamber who rise to their feet to cheer the causes that they support. I admire the men and women in this Chamber who do the right 
thing, even when it is hard to do so. 
I admire the men and women who 
stand up to their party leadership when it is hard to do so. I admire the men and women who put their obligation to their constituents above their obliga-tion to party, who put their obligation to the Constitution above their pas-sions for the direction of public policy. 
Taught the first environmental law 
class 45 years ago. Coping with climate change is a vital end, but it does not justify using unconstitutional means. 
I go on, Laurence Tribe: 
Even more fundamentally, the EPA, like 
every administrative agency, is constitu-tionally forbidden to exercise powers Con-gress never delegated in the first place. 
The brute fact is that the Obama ad-
ministration failed to get climate leg-islation through Congress, yet the EPA is acting as though it has the legisla-tive authority to reengineer the Na-tion’s electric generating system and power grid. It does not. 
Mr. Speaker, we are going to have 
this case litigated, and nine men and women in black robes across the street are going to decide this issue. And we know how they are going to decide this issue. 
My fear is not that we are not going 
to get the right decision. We are. This isn’t our first rodeo here, Mr. Speaker. Remember the recess appointments from January 2012, where the President stood, and he was giving a speech in a high school in Ohio. He was giving a speech to high school students, and he went and he told the tale, Mr. Speaker, of how there was gridlock in Wash-ington, D.C. He told the tale of how he wanted to get the people’s business done and how Congress was standing in the way. 
Every time he spoke up and talked 
about how there was gridlock in Con-gress, there were boos in the crowd. Every time he spoke up and said, ‘‘But don’t worry, I’m going to go it alone,’’ there was applause throughout the crowd. 
Our students who are studying con-
stitutional principles today, our stu-dents who are being trained to be that next generation of leader, that citizen who sits on the board of directors of the United States of America, 330 mil-lion of us, stood and applauded when the President said Congress won’t do it, so I will do it without them. 
He was applauded by Democrats, Mr. 
Speaker. He was criticized by Repub-licans. He went right ahead and did what he said he would do. He brought out a legal memorandum that still sits on the Justice Department Web site outlining why it was absolutely per-missible to do what he was doing, even though the Constitution clearly said it was not. 
That case made its way through the 
Supreme Court, Mr. Speaker. It was the NLRB v. Noel Canning case, and it was decided 9–0. 
If you were a Supreme Court Justice 
appointed by President Reagan, you told President Obama that he was vio-
lating the law. If you were a Supreme Court Justice appointed by President Clinton, you told President Obama he was violating the law. It does not mat-ter whether you were a Clinton, Reagan, Bush, or even Obama ap-pointee, nominee to the Supreme Court. Every single one of them agreed that the President overstepped his bounds. 
My question, Mr. Speaker, is: You re-
member that spring of 2012, but how many American citizens do, those cheering high school students in Ohio, that campaign stop at a high school auditorium to say, I’m going to go it alone. Do they remember when nine Supreme Court Justices said: No, you won’t; no, you won’t. 
Where does it stop, Mr. Speaker? Congress says: No, you won’t. Con-
gress says: This is our responsibility. The President says: You are not get-ting it done my way; I’m going to go it alone. So it goes to the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court says, unanimously: No, Mr. President, you are not going to go it alone. 
It is only one short step between the 
executive branch ignoring the coequal branch of the government that is the legislature and the executive branch ignoring the coequal branch of govern-ment that is the Federal courts. 
That burden lies on us, Mr. Speaker. 
It is not a Republican burden or a Democratic burden. It is an American burden. 
I signed up to be on the Oversight 
Committee, Mr. Speaker. You know the Oversight Committee here on Cap-itol Hill. It has jurisdiction over abso-lutely everything, and its job is to make sure the executive branch is doing what the executive branch is sup-posed to do. 
I signed up to be on the Oversight 
Committee because I thought Mitt Romney was going to win the last elec-tion, and I wanted to be the guy who said to the next Republican President: No, Mr. President, you can’t do that. We are Article I of the Constitution; you are Article II of the Constitution. There is a process here, and process matters. 
Well, Mitt Romney didn’t win that 
election, so we are doing oversight over the Obama administration; and every single legitimate issue the Oversight Committee took up, headlines in the papers about just political hacks going after their political opposition. It is not true, and it is too important to dis-miss in that way. 
James Madison, Mr. Speaker: 
The accumulation of all powers, legisla-
tive, executive, and judiciary, in the same hands, whether of one or few or many, and whether hereditary, self-appointed or elec-tive, may justly be pronounced the very defi-nition of tyranny. 
This President has just over a year 
left in the White House, Mr. Speaker. I am not here to talk about President Obama. I am here to talk about our re-sponsibility as 435 Members of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.056 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6174 September 18, 2015 
House. I am here to talk about Amer-
ica’s responsibility as 330 million indi-vidual members of America’s board of directors. 
Does process matter or do the ends 
justify the means? Hold Republicans accountable for not standing up to President Bush. Hold Democrats ac-countable for not standing up to Presi-dent Obama. Hold your friends and your neighbors and your coworkers ac-countable if you hear them say the ends justify the means. 
We can only imagine how dangerous 
these times were. We can only imagine the summer of 1787 as the entire future of the Republic hung in the balance. We can only imagine 1776 when we were declaring our freedom from the world’s largest superpower. We can only imag-ine what it meant to sign our name on a document pledging our lives, our for-tunes, and our families’ lives to the cause. 
And as they grappled with those deci-
sions in 1776, in 1787, they knew one thing with certainty: having all of the power accumulate anywhere, with any-one, was a threat to individual liberties and freedoms. 
The President disagrees with me on a 
lot of public policy, and I welcome him to come down here to Congress and ad-vocate for it; and if you get the votes in this body and you get the votes across the way and you beat me on public policy, fair and square. That is the way it is supposed to be. But when any one of us decides that our prior-ities, our policy preferences, are so im-portant that the Constitution takes a backseat, we are not long for this form of government, this greatest experi-ment the world has ever known in self- governance. 
It is easy to talk about health care, 
Mr. Speaker. It is easy to talk about environmental policy. It is easy to talk about water policy. The list goes on and on and on. What is hard is chang-ing that policy, and it is deliberately so. It is deliberately so. 
As the Courts have taken these chal-
lenges on, Mr. Speaker, 9–0, reining in the President from his overreach. And in that 9–0 case, Noel Canning, just 2 years ago, the Supreme Court said this: 
The recess appointments clause—that was 
what they were arguing about at the time— is not designed to overcome serious institu-tional friction. It simply provides a sub-sidiary method for appointing officials when the Senate is away during a recess. 
Here, as in other contexts, global 
warming, health care, water policy, on and on and on, here, as in other con-texts, friction between the branches is an inevitable consequence of our con-stitutional structure. 
Mr. Speaker, I challenge you to go 
home to your constituents, as townhall meeting after townhall meeting after townhall meeting talks about the grid-lock in Washington, D.C. Friction be-tween the branches is an inevitable consequence of our constitutional structure. We must celebrate that fric-tion, Mr. Speaker. We have two ways to change policy 
in this country: You can either change your neighbor’s mind, or you can re-place your delegate to office. Changing minds and changing people are the only two methods we have in this country. It is the consequence of our constitu-tional structure. 
I do not fear gridlock. I am not con-
cerned that we cannot find a pathway forward. I do fear one man, one group, one party having all of the control. 
b1415 
I do fear folks short-circuiting a 
process that our Founders put in place to keep us safe for generations to come. 
Mr. Speaker, I hope you will join me, 
as Constitution Day has just passed, in celebrating the wisdom in that summer of 1787 and committing ourselves—Re-publicans and Democrats alike, House Members and Senate Members alike— to ensuring that policy does not trump process, to ensure that we get to where all of America wants us to be, but that we get there the right way, not just be-cause it matters, but because that is what the Constitution and the law re-quires. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
BORN-ALIVE ABORTION 
SURVIVORS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
RATCLIFFE ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-
er, I have a special guest with me to-night, my son Joshua, who was allowed the privileges of the floor. He has given me a speech tonight, and I appreciate it very much. 
Mr. Speaker, the United States of 
America is an exceptional Nation whose unique core premise is that de-clared conviction that we are all cre-ated equal and that each of us is en-dowed by our Creator with the unalienable right to live. 
Abraham Lincoln called upon all of 
us in this Chamber and beyond to re-member those words of the Founding Fathers and ‘‘their enlightened belief that nothing stamped with the divine image and likeness was sent into the world to be trodden on or degraded and imbruted by its fellows.’’ 
He reminded those he called pos-
terity that ‘‘when in the distant future some man, some factions, some inter-ests should set up a doctrine that some were not entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness that ‘their posterity’’’—that is us, Mr. Speaker— ‘‘that their posterity might look up again to the Declaration of Independ-ence and take courage to renew the battle which their fathers began.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, the sincerest purpose of 
the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Pro-tection Act that we voted on today is to renew that noble battle, to respect and protect those little fellow human 
beings among us who are at this mo-ment being trodden on and degraded and imbruted by their fellows. 
Not long ago, in the land of the free 
and the home of the brave, authorities entered the clinic of Dr. Kermit Gosnell and found a torture chamber for little born-alive babies that defies description within the constraints of the English language. 
The grand jury report at the time 
said, ‘‘Dr. Kermit Gosnell had a simple solution for unwanted babies: he killed them. He didn’t call it that. He called it ‘ensuring fetal demise.’ The way he ensured fetal demise was by sticking scissors in the back of the baby’s neck and cutting the spinal cord. He called it ‘snipping.’ Over the years, there were hundreds of ’snippings.’’’ 
Ashley Baldwin, one of Dr. Gosnell’s 
employees, said she saw babies breath-ing and that she described one as 2 feet long that no longer had eyes or a mouth, but, in her words, was making like this ‘‘screeching’’ noise and that it ‘‘sounded like a little alien.’’ 
Now, in recent days, Mr. Speaker, nu-
merous video recordings have been re-leased that demonstrate to the world that Kermit Gosnell is just the tip of the iceberg of the abortion industry’s unspeakable cruelty to these little ba-bies. 
The veil has now been pulled back, 
Mr. Speaker, and all of us now see be-hind the walls of the abortion industry and the horrifying plight of its little human victims who, we must not for-get, are also the least of these, our lit-tle brothers and sisters. 
Our response, as a people and a na-
tion, to these horrors shown in these videos is vital to everything those lying out in Arlington National Ceme-tery died to save. 
Before any Senator, Mr. Speaker, de-
cides to join a Democrat filibuster in the Senate against legislation that 
would protect little born-alive human babies, I hope they ask of themselves one question in the core of their own souls: Is filibustering against a bill to protect born-alive human babies from a torturous death at the hands of mon-sters like Kermit Gosnell who I truly am? 
Now, I know that legislation like this 
has been attacked by President Obama and even others because of the many obvious similarities these born-alive children have with late-term, pain-ca-pable, unborn children. 
Mr. Speaker, this was an unborn 
child, but she was born alive and she survived. As hard as it is to consider that that could happen, she did. 
President Obama explained his rea-
sons for voting four times—Mr. Speak-er, let me say that again. President Obama explained his reasons for voting four times against the Born-Alive In-fants Protection Act, which would have protected children born alive. 
He was afraid it might give born- 
alive babies personhood under the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.057 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6175 September 18, 2015 
He said: 
It would essentially bar abortions because 
the Equal Protection Clause does not allow somebody to kill a child. And if this is a child, then this would be an antiabortion statute. 
It is impossible to deny that Presi-
dent Obama had a very sad and ironic, if also completely merciless, point. 
Indeed, it does require enormous de-
liberate self-deception to say that those who deliberately kill a child who 
is born alive after 5 months of preg-nancy are guilty of murder and deserve prison, but those who deliberately kill the same exact pain-capable child at the same exact age and development, but are not yet born—those individuals are merely furthering freedom of choice and should actually get paid for doing it. 
But it still bears repeating, Mr. 
Speaker. The Born-Alive Abortion Sur-vivors Protection Act that we voted on today and passed out of this Chamber protects little children who have been born alive. 
No matter how blind opponents try 
to make themselves or convince others to be, no one can truly obscure the hu-manity and personhood of these little born-alive children of God, nor can they take refuge within the schizo-phrenic paradox Roe v. Wade to which this country has been subjected for now more than 40 years. 
The abortion industry has labored for 
all these decades to convince the world that born children and unborn children should be completely separated in our minds, that while born children are persons worthy of protection, unborn children, on the other hand, are not persons and are not worthy of protec-tion. 
But, Mr. Speaker, those who oppose 
this bill today or those who might op-pose it in the Senate that protects born-alive children now have the im-possible task of trying to rejoin born children and unborn children back to-gether again and then trying to con-vince us all that to condemn them both as inhuman and not worthy of protec-tion after all is the thing to do. 
Mr. Speaker, to anyone who has not 
invincibly hardened their heart and soul to this absurd inconsistency, there 
is an opportunity for a profoundly en-lightening moment because, you see, Mr. Speaker, this country has faced such paradox and self-imposed blind-ness and heartlessness before. 
There was a time that our own House 
rules banned any discussion or debate in this Chamber about the effort to end human slavery in America. But, Mr. Speaker, that debate did come. 
And with it came a time when the 
humanity of the victims and the inhu-manity of what was being done to them became so glaring that even the hard-est of hearts began to see the truth, and it moved an entire generation of people to find the compassion and the courage within their own souls to change their position. And now to this generation, Mr. Speaker, that time has come again. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 18, 2015, TO TUES-DAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 2015; AND ADJOURNMENT FROM TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 2015, TO THURS-DAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 2015 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourns to meet at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, September 22, 2015; and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet at 8:30 a.m. on Thursday, Sep-tember 24, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. F ORTENBERRY (at the request of 
Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on account of 
attending a family funeral. 
Mr. H ASTINGS (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today for the second and 
third vote. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. T
HORNBERRY , 
on Thursday, September 17, 2015: 
H.R. 23. An act to reauthorize the National 
Windstorm Impact Reduction Program, and for other purposes. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
The Speaker pro tempore, Mr. 
THORNBERRY , on Wednesday, Sep-
tember 16, 2015, announced his signa-ture to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 230. An act to provide for the convey-
ance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska. 
S. 501. An act to make technical correc-
tions to the Navajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mexico, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 2 o’clock and 11 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, Sep-tember 22, 2015, at 4 p.m. 
f 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED 
INFORMATION 
Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the fol-
lowing Members executed the oath for access to classified information: Ralph Lee Abraham, Alma S. Adams, Rob-
ert B. Aderholt, Pete Aguilar, Rick W. Allen, Justin Amash, Mark E. Amodei, Brad Ashford, Brian Babin, Lou Barletta, Andy Barr, Joe Barton, Karen Bass, Joyce Beatty, Xavier Becerra, Dan Benishek, Ami Bera, Donald S. Beyer, Jr., Gus M. Bilirakis, Mike Bishop, Rob Bishop, Sanford D. Bishop, Jr., Diane Black, Marsha Blackburn, Rod Blum, Earl Blumenauer, John A. Boehner, Suzanne Bonamici, Madeleine Z. Bordallo, Mike Bost, Charles W. Boustany, Jr., Brendan F. Boyle, Kevin Brady, Robert A. Brady, Dave Brat, Jim Bridenstine, Mo Brooks, Susan W. Brooks, Corrine Brown, Julia Brownley, Vern Buchanan, Ken Buck, Larry Bucshon, Michael C. Burgess, Cheri Bustos, G. K. Butterfield, Bradley Byrne, Ken Calvert, Lois Capps, Michael E. Capuano, Tony Ca´rdenas, John C. Carney, Jr., Andre ´Carson, 
Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’ Carter, John R. Carter, Matt Cartwright, Kathy Castor, Joaquin Castro, Steve Chabot, Jason Chaffetz, Judy Chu, David N. Cicilline, Katherine M. Clark, Yvette D. Clarke, Curt Clawson, Wm. Lacy Clay, Emanuel Cleaver, James E. Clyburn, Mike Coffman, Steve Cohen, Tom Cole, Chris Collins, Doug Collins, Barbara Comstock, K. Michael Conaway, Gerald E. Connolly, John Conyers, Jr., Paul Cook, Jim Cooper, Jim Costa, Ryan A. Costello, Joe Courtney, Kevin Cramer, Eric A. ‘‘Rick’’ Crawford, Ander Crenshaw, Joseph Crowley, Henry Cuellar, John Abney Culberson, Elijah E. Cummings, Carlos Curbelo, Danny K. Davis, Rodney Davis, Susan A. Davis, Peter A. DeFazio, Diana DeGette, John K. Delaney, Rosa L. DeLauro, Suzan K. DelBene, Jeff Denham, Charles W. Dent, Ron DeSantis, Mark DeSaulnier, Scott DesJarlais, Theo-dore E. Deutch, Mario Diaz-Balart, Debbie Dingell, Lloyd Doggett, Robert J. Dold, Dan-iel M. Donovan, Jr., Michael F. Doyle, Tammy Duckworth, Sean P. Duffy, Jeff Dun-can, John J. Duncan, Jr., Donna F. Edwards, Keith Ellison, Renee L. Ellmers, Tom Emmer, Eliot L. Engel, Anna G. Eshoo, Eliz-abeth H. Esty, Blake Farenthold, Sam Farr, Chaka Fattah, Stephen Lee Fincher, Michael G. Fitzpatrick, Charles J. ‘‘Chuck’’ Fleischmann, John Fleming, Bill Flores, J. Randy Forbes, Jeff Fortenberry, Bill Foster, Virginia Foxx, Lois Frankel, Trent Franks, Rodney P. Frelinghuysen, Marcia L. Fudge, Tulsi Gabbard, Ruben Gallego, John Garamendi, Scott Garrett, Bob Gibbs, Chris-topher P. Gibson, Louie Gohmert, Bob Good-latte, Paul A. Gosar, Trey Gowdy, Gwen Gra-ham, Kay Granger, Garret Graves, Sam Graves, Tom Graves, Alan Grayson, Al Green, Gene Green, H. Morgan Griffith, Rau ´l 
M. Grijalva, Glenn Grothman, Frank C. Guinta, Brett Guthrie, Luis V. Gutie ´rrez, 
Janice Hahn, Richard L. Hanna, Cresent Hardy, Gregg Harper, Andy Harris, Vicky Hartzler, Alcee L. Hastings, Denny Heck, Jo-seph J. Heck, Jeb Hensarling, Jaime Herrera Beutler, Jody B. Hice, Brian Higgins, J. French Hill, James A. Himes, Rube ´n Hino-
josa, George Holding, Michael M. Honda, Steny H. Hoyer, Richard Hudson, Tim Huelskamp, Jared Huffman, Bill Huizenga, Randy Hultgren, Duncan Hunter, Will Hurd, Robert Hurt, Steve Israel, Darrell E. Issa, Sheila Jackson Lee, Hakeem S. Jeffries, Evan H. Jenkins, Lynn Jenkins, Bill John-son, Eddie Bernice Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson, Jr., Sam Johnson, David W. Jolly, Walter B. Jones, Jim Jordan, David P. Joyce, Marcy Kaptur, John Katko, Wil-liam R. Keating, Mike Kelly, Robin L. Kelly, Trent Kelly, Joseph P. Kennedy III, Daniel T. Kildee, Derek Kilmer, Ron Kind, Peter T. King, Steve King, Adam Kinzinger, Ann Kirkpatrick, John Kline, Stephen Knight, Ann M. Kuster, Rau ´l R. Labrador, Darin 
LaHood, Doug LaMalfa, Doug Lamborn, Leonard Lance, James R. Langevin, Rick 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18SE7.058 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6176 September 18, 2015 
Larsen, John B. Larson, Robert E. Latta, 
Brenda L. Lawrence, Barbara Lee, Sander M. Levin, John Lewis, Ted Lieu, Daniel Lipin-ski, Frank A. LoBiondo, David Loebsack, Zoe Lofgren, Billy Long, Barry Loudermilk, Mia B. Love, Alan S. Lowenthal, Nita M. Lowey, Frank D. Lucas, Blaine Luetke-meyer, Ben Ray Luja ´n, Michelle Lujan Gris-
ham, Cynthia M. Lummis, Stephen F. Lynch, Thomas MacArthur, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Patrick Maloney, Kenny Marchant, Tom Marino, Thomas Massie, Doris O. Mat-sui, Kevin McCarthy, Michael T. McCaul, Tom McClintock, Betty McCollum, James P. McGovern, Patrick T. McHenry, David B. McKinley, Cathy McMorris Rodgers, Jerry McNerney, Martha McSally, Mark Meadows, Patrick Meehan, Gregory W. Meeks, Grace Meng, Luke Messer, John L. Mica, Candice S. Miller, Jeff Miller, John R. Moolenaar, Alexander X. Mooney, Gwen Moore, Seth Moulton, Markwayne Mullin, Mick Mulvaney, Patrick Murphy, Tim Murphy, Jerrold Nadler, Grace F. Napolitano, Richard E. Neal, Randy Neugebauer, Dan Newhouse, Kristi L. Noem, Richard M. Nolan, Donald Norcross, Eleanor Holmes Norton, Richard B. Nugent, Devin Nunes, Alan Nunnelee*, Pete Olson, Beto O’Rourke, Steven M. Palazzo, Frank Pallone, Jr., Gary J. Palmer, Bill Pascrell, Jr., Erik Paulsen, Donald M. Payne, Jr., Stevan Pearce, Nancy Pelosi, Ed Perlmutter, Scott Perry, Scott H. Peters, Collin C. Peterson, Pedro R. Pierluisi, Chellie Pingree, Robert Pittenger, Joseph R. Pitts, Stacey E. Plaskett, Mark Pocan, Ted Poe, Bruce Poliquin, Jared Polis, Mike Pompeo, Bill Posey, David E. Price, Tom Price, Mike Quigley, Amata Coleman Radewagen, Charles B. Rangel, John Ratcliffe, Tom Reed, David G. Reichert, James B. Renacci, Reid J. Ribble, Kathleen M. Rice, Tom Rice, Cedric L. Richmond, E. Scott Rigell, Martha Roby, David P. Roe, Harold Rogers, Mike Rogers, Dana Rohr-abacher, Todd Rokita, Thomas J. Rooney, Peter J. Roskam, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, Den-nis A. Ross, Keith J. Rothfus, David Rouzer, Lucille Roybal-Allard, Edward R. Royce, Raul Ruiz, C. A. Dutch Ruppersberger, Bobby L. Rush, Steve Russell, Paul Ryan, Tim Ryan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan, Matt Salmon, Linda T. Sa ´nchez, Loretta Sanchez, 
Mark Sanford, John P. Sarbanes, Steve Sca-lise, Janice D. Schakowsky, Adam B. Schiff, Aaron Schock*, Kurt Schrader, David Schweikert, Austin Scott, David Scott, Rob-ert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott, F. James Sensen-brenner, Jr., Jose ´E. Serrano, Pete Sessions, 
Terri A. Sewell, Brad Sherman, John Shim-kus, Bill Shuster, Michael K. Simpson, 
Kyrsten Sinema, Albio Sires, Louise McIntosh Slaughter, Adam Smith, Adrian Smith, Christopher H. Smith, Jason Smith, Lamar Smith, Jackie Speier, Elise M. Stefanik, Chris Stewart, Steve Stivers, Mar-lin A. Stutzman, Eric Swalwell, Mark Takai, Mark Takano, Bennie G. Thompson, Glenn Thompson, Mike Thompson, Mac Thorn-berry, Patrick J. Tiberi, Scott R. Tipton, Dina Titus, Paul Tonko, Norma J. Torres, David A. Trott, Niki Tsongas, Michael R. Turner, Fred Upton, David G. Valadao, Chris Van Hollen, Juan Vargas, Marc A. Veasey, Filemon Vela, Nydia M. Vela ´zquez, Peter J. 
Visclosky, Ann Wagner, Tim Walberg, Greg Walden, Mark Walker, Jackie Walorski, Mimi Walters, Timothy J. Walz, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Maxine Waters, Bonnie Watson Coleman, Randy K. Weber, Sr., Dan-iel Webster, Peter Welch, Brad R. Wenstrup, Bruce Westerman, Lynn A. Westmoreland, Ed Whitfield, Roger Williams, Frederica S. Wilson, Joe Wilson, Robert J. Wittman, Steve Womack, Rob Woodall, John A. Yar-muth, Kevin Yoder, Ted S. Yoho, David Young, Don Young, Todd C. Young, Lee M. Zeldin, Ryan K. Zinke EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2843. A letter from the Director, Budget 
and Performance Management, Farm Service Agency, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting the Department’s proposed rule — Changes to Fees and Payment Methods (RIN: 0518-AA05) received September 15, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
2844. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing ten United States Marine Corps of-ficers to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, as indicated, in accord-ance with 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
2845. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Final Flood Elevation Determinations (Clay County, MO, et al.) [Docket ID: FEMA-2015- 0001] received September 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
2846. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Removal of Certain References to Credit Ratings and Amendment to the Issuer Diversification Re-quirement in the Money Market Fund Rule [Release No.: IC-31828; File No.: S7-07-11] (RIN: 3235-AL02) received September 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
2847. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollut-ants; Missouri; Commercial and Industrial Solid Waste Incineration (CISWI) Units [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0514; FRL-9933-97-Region 7] received September 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2848. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollut-ants; Missouri; Sewage Sludge Incinerators [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0543; FRL-9933-95-Region 7] received September 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2849. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; Revision to Control Volatile Organic Compound Emis-sions from Storage Tanks and Transport Vessels [EPA-R06-OAR-2011-0079; FRL-9932- 51-Region 6] received September 15, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2850. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Fluensulfone; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0375; FRL-9933-02] received September 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce. 
2851. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Halosulfuron-methyl; Pes-ticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0574; FRL-9933-00] received September 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2852. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting a notifi-cation that the national emergency declared with respect to persons who commit, threat-en to commit, or support terrorism, declared in Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001, is to continue in effect beyond Sep-tember 23, 2015, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2853. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting a semi-annual report detailing telecommunications- related payments made to Cuba pursuant to Department of the Treasury licenses during the period from January 1 through June 30, 2015, as required by Sec. 1705(e)(6) of the Cuban Democracy Act of 1992, as amended by Sec. 102(g) of the Cuban Liberty and Demo-cratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996, 22 U.S.C. 6004(e)(6), and pursuant to Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2854. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Federal Contract Compliance Programs, De-partment of Labor, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Government Contractors, Prohibitions Against Pay Secrecy Policies and Actions (RIN: 1250-AA06) received Sep-tember 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2855. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s modification of fishing seasons — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifications of the West Coast Commercial Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Actions #14 and #15 [Docket No.: 150316270-5270-01] (RIN: 0648-XE054) received September 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
2856. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XE139) received September 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
2857. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2015-2016 Biennial Specifications and Management Measures; Inseason Adjustments [Docket No.: 140904754- 5188-02] (RIN: 0648-BF27) received September 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2858. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s modification of 
fishing seasons — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifications of the West Coast Commercial, Recreational, and Treaty In-dian Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Actions #16 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18SE7.030 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6177 September 18, 2015 
Through #21 [Docket No.: 150316270-5270-01] 
(RIN: 0648-XE111) received September 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
2859. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South At-lantic; 2015 Recreational Accountability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Hogfish [Docket No.: 120403249-2492-02] (RIN: 0648-XE088) received September 14, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2860. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s modification of fishing seasons — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifications of the West Coast Commercial Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Actions #7 through #13 [Docket No.: 150316270-5270-01] (RIN: 0648-XE020) received September 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
2861. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for Gulf of Mexico Greater Amberjack [Docket No.: 1206013412-2517-02] (RIN: 0648-XE028) received September 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
2862. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fish-ery; Possession Limit Adjustments for the Common Pool Fishery [Docket No.: 150105004- 5355-01] (RIN: 0648-XD984) received September 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2863. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Kamchatka Floun-der in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 141021887- 5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XD974) received September 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2864. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Security Zone, Sew-ard, AK [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0800] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received September 8, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
2865. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lations; Marine Events held in the Sector Long Island Sound Captain of the Port Zone — Correction [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0705] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2866. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Ocean Dumping: Modifica-tion of Final Site Designation [EPA-R06-OW- 2015-0121; FRL-9934-25-Region 6] received Sep-tember 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2867. A letter from the Chief Impact Ana-
lyst, Regulation Policy and Management Staff, Office of the General Counsel (02REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Copay-ments for Medications in 2015 (RIN: 2900- AP15) received September 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
2868. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
Bureau of the Fiscal Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Offset of Tax Refund Payments to Collect Certain Debts Owed to States (RIN: 1530-AA02) received September 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
2869. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Determination of Minimum Re-quired Pension Contributions [TD 9732] (RIN: 1545-BH71) received September 15, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2870. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Update to procedures for entering into a FET closing agreement based on pro-visions of an income tax treaty (Rev. Proc. 2015-46) received September 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2871. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Procedures for Requesting a Waiver of the Electronic Filing Requirements for Form 8955-SSA and Form 5500-EZ (Rev. Proc. 2015-47) received September 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2872. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final and temporary regulations — Clarification of the Coordination of the Transfer Pricing Rules with Other Code Provisions [TD 9738] (RIN: 1545-BM72) received September 15, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2873. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — No-Rule on Certain Section 355 Trans-actions (Rev. Proc. 2015-43) received Sep-tember 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
2874. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revenue Procedure Applying the Con-trolled Group Rules to Certain Fund of Funds (Rev. Proc. 2015-45) received Sep-tember 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2875. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only 
rule — Companion Notice to Rev. Proc. 2015- 43 Announcing Issues Under Study and Re-questing Comments [Notice 2015-59] received September 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2876. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Controlled Group Regulation Ex-amples [TD 9737] (RIN: 1545-BK96) received September 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2877. A letter from the Chief, Trade and 
Commercial Regulations Branch, U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Disclosure of Infor-mation for Certain Intellectual Property Rights Enforced at the Border [Docket No.: USCBP-2012-0011] (RIN: 1515-AD87) received September 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2878. A letter from the Chairman and Board 
Members, Railroad Retirement Board, trans-mitting the Board’s budget request for fiscal year 2017, in accordance with Sec. 7(f) of the Railroad Retirement Act; jointly to the Committees on Appropriations, Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, and Ways and Means. 
2879. A letter from the Chair, Federal Elec-
tion Commission, transmitting the Commis-sion’s fiscal year Office of Management and Budget 2017 budget request, pursuant to 52 U.S.C. 30107(d); jointly to the Committees on House Administration, Appropriations, and Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. S. 136. An act to amend chapter 21 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that fathers of certain per-manently disabled or deceased veterans shall be included with mothers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service (Rept. 114–263). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. H.R. 3089. A bill to close out expired grants, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–264). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 692. A bill to ensure the payment of interest and principal of the debt of the United States (Rept. 114–265). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. 
NORCROSS ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L18SE7.000 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6178 September 18, 2015 
H.R. 3556. A bill to prepare the National 
Park Service for its Centennial in 2016 and for a second century of protecting our na-tional parks’ natural, historic, and cultural resources for present and future generations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GARRETT (for himself and Mr. 
H
URTof Virginia): 
H.R. 3557. A bill to amend the Financial 
Stability Act of 2010 to require the Financial Stability Oversight Council to hold open meetings and comply with the requirements of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, to provide additional improvements to the Council, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mr. 
C
ROWLEY , Mr. R USH, Mr. B ENISHEK , 
and Mr. C OOK): 
H.R. 3558. A bill to provide for the issuance 
of a forever stamp to honor the sacrifices of the brave men and women of the Armed Forces who are still prisoner, missing, or un-accounted for, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , and Mr. H UFFMAN ): 
H.R. 3559. A bill to establish minimum 
standards of disclosure by franchises whose franchisees use loans guaranteed by the Small Business Administration; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. STEWART: 
H.R. 3560. A bill to provide for the convey-
ance of certain land to Washington County, Utah, to authorize the exchange of Federal land and non-Federal land in the State of Utah, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER: 
H.R. 3561. A bill to amend the section 484(r) 
of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to ex-clude certain marijuana-related offenses from the drug-related offenses that result in students being barred from receiving Federal educational loans, grants, and work assist-ance, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. NOLAN: 
H.R. 3562. A bill to prohibit the pay of 
Members of Congress during periods in which a Government shutdown is in effect, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MASSIE (for himself, Ms. P
IN-
GREE , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. B RAT, 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. A MASH , Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. G OHMERT ): 
H.R. 3563. A bill to authorize the interstate 
traffic of unpasteurized milk and milk prod-ucts that are packaged for direct human con-sumption; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. MASSIE (for himself, Ms. P
IN-
GREE , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. G RIFFITH , 
Mr. R IGELL , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. B RAT, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. P OLIS, 
Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
LABRADOR , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. 
GOHMERT ): 
H.R. 3564. A bill to prohibit Federal inter-
ference with the interstate traffic of unpasteurized milk and milk products that are packaged for direct human consumption; 
to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. CAPPS (for herself, Ms. E
SHOO , 
and Mr. H UFFMAN ): 
H.R. 3565. A bill to expand the boundary of 
the California Coastal National Monument, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. 
B
ARLETTA , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UN-
CANof South Carolina, Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. W IL-
SONof South Carolina, Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. O LSON , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S MITH of Texas, 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. H ARRIS , and 
Mr. K INGof Iowa): 
H.R. 3566. A bill to prohibit an alien who is 
not in a lawful immigration status in the United States from being eligible for post-secondary education benefits that are not available to all citizens and nationals of the United States; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BRAT (for himself and Mr. 
C
HABOT ): 
H.R. 3567. A bill to repeal the Home Mort-
gage Disclosure Act of 1975, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. BUCHANAN (for himself and 
Mr. M
CDERMOTT ): 
H.R. 3568. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend the authority of the Internal Revenue Service to require truncated social security numbers on Form W-2 wage and tax statements; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself, Mr. 
Q
UIGLEY , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and 
Ms. N ORTON ): 
H.R. 3569. A bill to require the Attorney 
General to establish a ‘‘Good Neighbor‘‘ code of conduct for federally licensed firearms dealers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HANNA (for himself and Mr. 
I
SRAEL ): 
H.R. 3570. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide incentives for education in the areas of science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut (for 
himself, Mr. G
IBSON , and Mr. T ONKO ): 
H.R. 3571. A bill to extend and modify cer-
tain provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 relating to fuel cells and hydrogen; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself and Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi): 
H.R. 3572. A bill to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to reform, streamline, and make improvements to the Department of Homeland Security and support the De-partment’s efforts to implement better pol-icy, planning, management, and perform-ance, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself and Mr. 
BABIN): 
H.R. 3573. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to require the enact-ment into law of a joint resolution approving the number of refugees who may be admitted in any fiscal year, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY: 
H.R. 3574. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to encourage hiring unem-ployed individuals; to the Committee on 
Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. NOEM (for herself and Mr. 
RENACCI ): 
H.R. 3575. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to deny tax exemption to organizations which violate the Federal pro-hibitions regarding human fetal tissue; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. 
P
EARCE ): 
H.R. 3576. A bill to increase transparency, 
accountability, and community engagement within U.S. Customs and Border Protection, provide independent oversight of border se-curity activities, improve training for U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents and officers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and in addi-tion to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Ways and Means, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. 
M
URPHY of Florida): 
H.R. 3577. A bill to amend title 44, United 
States Code, to restrict the printing and dis-tribution of paper copies of Congressional documents; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Rules, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself and 
Mr. R
ICHMOND ): 
H.R. 3578. A bill to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to strengthen and make improvements to the Directorate of Science and Technology of the Department of Home-land Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. SARBANES (for himself, Mr. 
W
ITTMAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. 
DELBENE, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, 
Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. G OODLATTE , 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California): 
H.R. 3579. A bill to amend section 5542 of 
title 5, United States Code, to provide that any hours worked by Federal firefighters under a qualified trade-of-time arrangement shall be excluded for purposes of determina-tions relating to overtime pay; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. TIBERI: 
H.R. 3580. A bill to establish in the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs a continuing med-ical education program for non-Department medical professionals who treat veterans and family members of veterans to increase knowledge and recognition of medical condi-tions common to veterans and family mem-bers of veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN: 
H.R. 3581. A bill to require full funding of 
part A of title I of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 and the Indi-viduals with Disabilities Education Act; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. 
M
CKINLEY ): 
H.R. 3582. A bill to support the develop-
ment, implementation, and evaluation of in-novative strategies and methods to increase out-of-school access to digital learning re-sources for eligible students in order to in-crease student and educator engagement; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina (for 
himself and Mr. F
ORBES ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L18SE7.100 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6179 September 18, 2015 
H. Con. Res. 78. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that the President in consultation with the Depart-ment of the Treasury should apply economic sanctions against Chinese businesses and state-owned enterprises that can be linked to cyberattacks against United States entities; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. FLEMING (for himself, Mr. 
W
ENSTRUP , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. M OONEY  
of West Virginia, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
CHABOT , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. H ARRIS , 
Mr. F LORES , and Mr. C ULBERSON ): 
H. Res. 430. A resolution calling upon the 
President to declare a National Day of Pray-er to end targeted violence against law en-forcement officers and schedule appropriate public events in support of such a day; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself, Mr. 
W
ITTMAN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. G OOD-
LATTE , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. 
BURGESS ): 
H. Res. 431. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives in dis-approval of the Senate’s modern filibuster rule; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Florida (for him-
self and Mr. R
OONEY of Florida): 
H. Res. 432. A resolution expressing support 
for designating of February 2016 as ‘‘National Spine Ability Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
131. The SPEAKER presented a memorial 
of the Legislature of the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 19, urging the Congress of the United States to enact legislation allowing immigrants to serve in the military if they are eligible under the President’s Executive Order for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals or Executive Order for Deferred Action for Par-ents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and the Judiciary. 
132. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 18, urging the Congress of the United States to support H.R. 167, the federal Wildlife Disaster Funding Act; ; jointly to the Committees on the Budget, Agriculture, and Natural Resources. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 3556. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, sec. 8, cl. 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; 
U.S. Cont. art. IV, sec. 3, cl. 2, sen. a The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; 
By Mr. GARRETT: 
H.R. 3557. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (The Congress 
shall have Power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States and within the Indian Tribes’’) and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (The Congress shall have Power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’). 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 3558. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States and Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 3559. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and 3. 
By Mr. STEWART: 
H.R. 3560. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 allows that 
‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER: 
H.R. 3561. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. NOLAN: 
H.R. 3562. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress can determine salaries and com-
pensation of Members of Congress under Ar-ticle 1, Section 6 of the US Constitution. 
By Mr. MASSIE: 
H.R. 3563. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Commerce Clause of the United States 
Constitution gives Congress the power to regulate commerce among the States, and therefore grants Congress the power to pre-vent federal agencies from interfering with citizens’ ability to purchase, sell, or dis-tribute unpasteurized milk across state lines. 
By Mr. MASSIE: 
H.R. 3564. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Commerce Clause of the United States 
Constitution gives Congress the power to regulate commerce among the States, and therefore grants Congress the power to pre-vent federal agencies from interfering with citizens’ ability to purchase, sell, or dis-tribute unpasteurized milk across state lines. 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 3565. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 3566. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 (the Natu-
ralization Clause) and Section 5 of Amend-ment XIV (the Enforcement Clause). In Or-
egon v. Mitchell, the Supreme Court de-clared that Congress may ban state actions that violate the Fourteenth Amendment Furthermore, in the Chamber of Commerce v. Whiting and Cox v. Shalala, the Supreme Court found that state laws are preempted if they conflict with federal law. 
By Mr. BRAT: 
H.R. 3567. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Much financial regulation is purportedly 
authorized as necessary and proper (Article I, Section 8, Clause 18) for carrying into exe-cution Congress’ power to ‘‘provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States’’ (Article I, Section 8, Clause 1) in the form of expenditures associated with federal credit programs. Regardless, Congress has the power to repeal existing statutes whether or not they were passed pursuant to the Con-stitution’s enumerated powers. 
By Mr. BUCHANAN: 
H.R. 3568. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Sec. 8. 
By Mr. GALLEGO: 
H.R. 3569. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. HANNA: 
H.R. 3570. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: 
H.R. 3571. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 8, Article I 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 3572. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 3573. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4: ‘‘Congress 
shall have Power To . . . establish an uni-form Rule of Naturalization . . .’’ 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY: 
H.R. 3574. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mrs. NOEM: 
H.R. 3575. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the U.S. 
Constitution and amendment 16 of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE: 
H.R. 3576. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 3577. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L18SE7.100 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6180 September 18, 2015 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. RATCLIFFE: 
H.R. 3578. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. SARBANES: 
H.R. 3579. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion under the General Welfare Clause. 
By Mr. TIBERI: 
H.R. 3580. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN: 
H.R. 3581. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Clause 1 of 
Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 3582. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
f 
ADDITONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 140: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama. 
H.R. 281: Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. 
H.R. 343: Ms. D ELBENEand Mr. T HOMPSON  
of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 576: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , 
Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 592: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 619: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 638: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 662: Mr. C LEAVER and Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 713: Mr. G OSAR , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama, and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 745: Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 757: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 799: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 822: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 836: Mr. F LEISCHMANN . 
H.R. 842: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan and Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 879: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. T ROTT , and Mrs. 
WALORSKI . 
H.R. 885: Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 920: Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 932: Mr. S ERRANO and Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 962: Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 963: Mr. C LAYand Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 969: Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. 
DUFFY , and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 973: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1057: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1215: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 1220: Ms. S INEMA , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi, and Mr. S HUSTER . H.R. 1222: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee. 
H.R. 1258: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 1286: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 1312: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1342: Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. H INOJOSA , and 
Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 1464: Mr. G RIJALVA and Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD . 
H.R. 1475: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan and Mr. 
KENNEDY . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1546: Mr. P AYNE , Mr. G RAVES of Mis-
souri, and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1553: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. H ECKof Wash-
ington, and Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania and 
Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 1598: Mr. D ENT. 
H.R. 1604: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. H URDof Texas. 
H.R. 1624: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 1684: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1708: Mrs. D AVIS of California. 
H.R. 1714: Mr. P ALLONE . 
H.R. 1728: Mrs. D AVIS of California. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. D OLD, Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois, and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 1805: Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 1814: Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. G RAYSON , Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. C LAY, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1856: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1934: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 1943: Mr. K INDand Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 2017: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
GRIFFITH , and Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 2023: Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 2030: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. 
ALGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 2061: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Mr. I SSA. 
H.R. 2096: Mr. E LLISON , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
REED, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 2124: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. 
EDWARDS , and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 2141: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. E MMER of Min-
nesota, and Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 2169: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 2264: Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2282: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2404: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2406: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 2477: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 2494: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 2515: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2553: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IMES, Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. G RAYSON , and Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 2568: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 2692: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 2697: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 2737: Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 2799: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 2811: Mrs. D INGELL and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2847: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 2855: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2862: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 2863: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . 
H.R. 2867: Mr. B EYER , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. 
HINOJOSA , and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 2894: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. K INGof New 
York, and Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. S CHRADER . 
H.R. 2918: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 2937: Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 2957: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 2989: Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H.R. 3018: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 3025: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 3107: Ms. D EGETTE . H.R. 3115: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3137: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia and 
Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 3177: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 3183: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 3189: Mr. T IPTON and Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 3215: Mrs. H ARTZLER and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 3247: Mr. L OBIONDO and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 3284: Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. L OWEY , and Mr. 
VISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 3299: Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 3312: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 3326: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 3337: Mr. L EVIN, Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. 
BLUMENAUER . 
H.R. 3338: Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 3340: Mr. P ITTENGER and Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 3351: Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 3364: Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
TAKANO , Ms. L OFGREN , and Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 3365: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 3381: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 3393: Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 3423: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. S TIVERS , and 
Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 3442: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 3455: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 3457: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mrs. 
MILLER of Michigan, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
HOLDING , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , 
and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 3459: Mr. P ALMER , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
TIBERI , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. L ONG, Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, 
Mrs. M IMI WALTERS of California, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. F ORBES , and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 3463: Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 3471: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 3472: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
ABRAHAM . 
H.R. 3477: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 3495: Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. M EADOWS and 
Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 3522: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D EUTCH , 
and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 3546: Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 3555: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
H.J. Res. 22: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.J. Res. 48: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H. Con. Res. 65: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
LEVIN, Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. L EE, Mr. F ATTAH , 
Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. 
SHERMAN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. 
ROS-LEHTINEN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
Mr. B ECERRA . 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
MESSER , and Mr. H ONDA . 
H. Con. Res. 76: Mr. M CCAUL. 
H. Res. 28: Mrs. D INGELL and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. D OGGETT and Ms. T SONGAS . 
H. Res. 277: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H. Res. 293: Mr. C OOKand Mr. S TIVERS . 
H. Res. 294: Ms. D UCKWORTH and Mrs. D AVIS 
of California. 
H. Res. 343: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. 
DONOVAN , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. T IPTON , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Miss R ICE of New York, Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. M CCAUL, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
LAMALFA , and Mr. S TIVERS . 
H. Res. 346: Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
of Georgia, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H. Res. 393: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C UMMINGS  
and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H. Res. 394: Mr. R USHand Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H. Res. 402: Mr. S HERMAN . 
H. Res. 417: Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H. Res. 419: Ms. L EE, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
ISRAEL , and Mr. H ANNA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18SE7.018 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6181 September 18, 2015 
H. Res. 425: Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
Mr. G RIJALVA . H. Res. 427: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
and Mr. T URNER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18SE7.025 H18SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1317 September 18, 2015 
LAWSUIT ABUSE REDUCTION ACT 
OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 17, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position to H.R. 758 the so-called ‘‘Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2015’’ or LARA. 
Congress has only seven legislative days 
left before the government shuts down and vital programs and departments are left un-funded. We should be debating and voting on budgetary measures to make sure that the government can still function and remains open. We are here instead, discussing a bill that has been introduced every Congress since 2011. Instead of voting on ways the gov-ernment will stay open so we can continue to fund vital national priorities, we are here talk-ing about legislation that does not solve any demonstrated need. 
This bill seeks to fix the problem of frivolous 
lawsuits by enacting a law that used to exist and which judges themselves later rejected. A mandatory sanction of Rule 11 violations was an experiment that was tried in 1983 and was dismissed and abandoned just ten years later in 1993. Almost 100 percent of federal judges surveyed by the Federal Judicial Committee state that Rule 11 should not be altered in the way this Act envisions and 86 percent of judges think the existing rule is fine as is. 
This bill will increase the cost and volume of 
cases and make it exponentially harder to ad-vance civil rights suits. Landmark civil rights cases such as Brown v. Board of Education, Griswold v. Connecticut, and Lawrence v. Texas would not have survived if Rule 11 ex-isted as this bill envisions. We should not put up barriers to continuing civil rights progress through the courts. 
This bill is opposed by The American Bar 
Association, The Federal Judicial Center and countless other legal organizations. Their voices are clear: leave Rule 11 and judicial autonomy alone. Congress does not need to ‘‘fix’’ a problem that simply does not exist. 
The Judiciary Committee report says that 
this law would ‘‘dispel the culture of fear that has come to permeate American society.’’ American society does not fear the existing process for Rule 11 sanctions. The American public is concerned about roads not being built, about the government shutting down, and about losing their health care coverage. 
The American public does not want the gov-
ernment to shutdown. They have been there and done that. The last government shut down costs the American people $24 billion dollars in lost economic output. That is why I intro-duced the Prevent a Government Shutdown Act of 2015. That is what we should be debat-ing and voting on right now, Mr. Speaker. Not a law that was tried and rejected 22 years ago. HONORING VIETNAM ERA VET-
ERANS OF MAINE’S SECOND DIS-TRICT 
HON. BRUCE POLIQUIN 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I’m humbled 
by the opportunity to honor and welcome home our Vietnam Era Heroes to Northern Maine and take part in Vietnam Veterans Ap-preciation Day. 
I thank The County Vietnam Veterans, and 
their families, for the sacrifices they made to protect our freedoms and special way of life. The memory of their heroics will inspire Maine generations to come. 
One of my true joys has been connecting 
with thousands of our Maine Veterans. I have had the honor to meet our local heroes from the American Legion, Disabled American Vet-erans and Veterans of Foreign Wars, and in many more settings. Their patriotism, commit-ment to duty, humility and camaraderie inspire my own public service. 
In June, at the Cross Insurance Center in 
Bangor, I had the privilege to help properly recognize and welcome home 1,000 of our Vietnam Veterans. It was an emotional gath-ering for our heroes who did all that was asked of them and served our Country with honor, but did not receive their due gratitude and respect from millions of Americans when they returned home. Our courageous service-men in The County, Bangor, and throughout the state of Maine deserve our absolute and unwavering gratitude. 
I stand with your fellow Mainers in thanks 
for all that you have given to our Country. We will never forget your bravery. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ROLIN FAMILY 
AS THE 2015 ESCAMBIA COUNTY FLORIDA, OUTSTANDING FARM FAMILY OF THE YEAR 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with great pleasure that I rise to recognize the Rolin Family for being selected as the 2015 Escambia County, Florida, Outstanding Farm Family of the Year. 
SunnySlope Berry Farm, located in Pensa-
cola, Florida, first began as a heifer farm, pro-ducing local dairy. However, after five years, Barry and Glenda Rolin decided it was time for a change, and the couple planted their first blueberry field in the winter of 2008. Once the blueberries had become a success, the Rolin family then planted several hundred blackberry canes, selling both berry varieties to local mar-kets in Florida and neighboring Alabama. Fi-nally, after a few years of allowing the crops to flourish, the family opened up SunnySlope 
Berry Farm to the public. Now, families from the surrounding areas can build their own memories by coming to SunnySlope Berry Farm and picking their own berries. 
The Rolin’s first planted berries to teach 
their children—Kendra, Amy, Starla, and Shawn—about responsibility; and today SunnySlope Berry Farms is truly a family af-fair. The children wake up every morning and finish their chores before heading into school. For Barry and Glenda, married for 23 years, a typical day includes picking berries until late morning, packaging and delivering berries midday, picking again until dark, and pack-aging the remainder at the end of the day. Al-though many people may be unaware of the amount of work that goes into SunnySlope, the community certainly appreciates every-thing the Rolin family does to keep the farm running, from producing delicious berries to creating priceless memories. 
Mr. Speaker, Northwest Florida and our Na-
tion share a proud agricultural tradition built by the hard work of farmers and their families. The Escambia County Outstanding Farm Fam-ily of the Year Award is a reflection of the Rolin’s tireless work and their dedication to family and farming. On behalf of the United States Congress, I would like to offer my con-gratulations to the Rolin family for being out-standing in their field. My wife Vicki and I ex-tend our best wishes for their continued suc-cess. 
f 
IN COMMEMORATION OF THE 65TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF ROSTAS CAFE 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor 
to help commemorate the 65th anniversary of the establishment of Rostas Cafe. The res-taurant, located in Hazleton, Pennsylvania, is a city landmark and has continually provided my constituents with a fantastic dining and community experience. 
Rostas Cafe was founded by John ‘‘Kookie’’ 
and Grace Rostas in 1950. The cafe originally opened as a bar, serving only fresh, hot pizza to the public. A true family business, John and Grace’s daughter, Alfreda, became involved with her parent’s enterprise when she was a teenager. Upon John’s retirement, Alfreda and her husband, Tony Calucci, took over the res-taurant. Tony’s father, Nick, expanded the menu options to include hoagies, sandwiches, sizeable antipastos, and salads. 
Tragedy struck in March of 1994 when a fire 
devastated this Hazleton landmark, destroying the entire interior of the restaurant. Its patrons, faced with losing one of their favorite commu-nity gathering spots, called upon the res-taurant to rebuild as soon as possible. In a mi-raculous feat, the cafe reopened in June of 1994, bigger and better than ever. Such a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18SE8.001 E18SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1318 September 18, 2015 
quick renovation is testament to the commit-
ment and hard work of Alfreda and Tony Calucci, as well as the importance of the res-taurant’s role within the Hazleton community. Today, Rostas Cafe remains a Hazleton sta-ple, and Melissa Calucci has joined her par-ents in adding to the restaurant’s success and character. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize 
Rostas Cafe as it celebrates its 65th anniver-sary. I am incredibly grateful for this commu-nity landmark that continues to bring genera-tions of the Hazleton community closer to-gether, and I look forward to the cafe’s suc-cess over the years to come. 
f 
HONORING GARRETT NICHOLAS 
DOWNEY 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Garrett Nicholas Downey. Garrett is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 397, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Garrett has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Garrett has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Gar-rett has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Garrett Nicholas Downey for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achiev-ing the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. ALBERT 
‘‘BUTCH’’ ARENAL 
HON. THOMAS J. ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Albert ‘‘Butch’’ Arenal, retir-ing Chief of Police for the Punta Gorda Police Department in Punta Gorda, Florida. 
For the past three decades, Butch has been 
a pillar in our Florida community. Born and raised in Charlotte County, Butch has dedi-cated his adult life to the Punta Gorda Police Department. He has been with the Department for almost 30 years, and has served as Chief of Police for eight of those years. 
Under his leadership, the Department was 
awarded the Punta Gorda Chamber of Com-merce Small Business award as well as a number of other well-deserved accolades. Ad-ditionally, he will be sworn in as the President of the Florida Police Chief’s Association, which is but a small testament of his leadership abil-ity. As a member of Congress, it has been my pleasure to work with Butch professionally and get to know him personally. 
Mr. Speaker, I speak for the Charlotte 
County Community as we say farewell to Butch and wish him the best of luck as he 
joins Coconut Creek Police Department, they are truly lucky to have him. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MARY 
GABRIELE, THE OLDEST ITALIAN-AMERICAN IN THE HA-ZLETON AREA 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to 
recognize Mary Gabriele as she is celebrated as the oldest Italian-American in the Hazleton Area, an honor bestowed upon her by the Ha-zleton Chapter of UNICO. UNICO is the larg-est Italian-American service and volunteer or-ganization in the United States, and has a sig-nificant, positive impact within my congres-sional district. 
On March 19, 1909, Mary was born to Nich-
olas and Tomasina Lauro in Medix Run, Penn-sylvania. Her family moved to Hazleton Heights in 1916 where she was able to estab-lish strong, communal roots. As one of nine children, Mary began working at the Duplan Silk Mill at the youthful age of 14. The fact that she committed long and arduous hours at the facility did not stop her from obtaining an education, however. She went on to impres-sively complete her studies at St. Gabriel’s High School during the evenings—a feat sym-bolic of her tireless work ethic. 
Mary married Nazario Gabriele in 1935, and 
the newly married couple moved to Peace Street in Hazleton. It was here where Mary and Nazario raised their four children: Carmel, Nicholas, Mary, and Thomasina. After dedi-cating years to her family, Mary returned to the workforce at numerous retail stores in the area, including Bon Ton, Leader, Dotte’s, and Fashion Bug. Mary and Nazario were married for a wonderful 49 years before Nazario passed away in 1984. 
Currently, Mary resides at Providence Place 
in Drums, where she remains active and en-joys visits from friends and her extended fam-ily, including five grandchildren and six great- grandchildren. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize 
Mary Gabriele as the oldest Italian-American in the Hazleton Area. My community is ex-tremely fortunate to have now called her a neighbor for close to 100 years. I hope she will be able to celebrate this monumental oc-casion in the company of her family and friends. 
f 
HONORING SEAN CHRISTOPHER 
MCMULLEN 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Sean Christopher McMullen. Sean is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 397, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Sean has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Sean has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Sean has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Sean Christopher McMullen for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achiev-ing the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. ROBERT S. 
LAUBACH 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay 
tribute to the life of Dr. Robert Laubach, a pio-neer in adult literacy and lifelong advocate of literacy and education. Dr. Robert Laubach, affectionately known as Dr. Bob, was born in the Philippines and lived there through his high school years. Dr. Bob moved to the United States and completed his under-graduate studies in Ohio. He went on to pur-sue graduate studies at Syracuse University where he earned a master’s degree in jour-nalism and a Ph.D. in education. 
Dr. Bob developed his love of literacy and 
journalism at an early age, working the print-ing press for his dad’s early literacy work. Dr. Bob traveled to over 40 countries in 5 years when he was in his twenties with his father and Dr. Bob carried his passion for literacy, both nationally and internationally for the rest of his life. 
In 1952, Dr. Bob founded the Syracuse Uni-
versity Literacy Journalism program and taught hundreds of educators from around the world how to prepare literacy materials. Dr. Bob developed literacy primers in local lan-guages and organized literacy programs in more than 60 countries. In 1959, Dr. Bob began publishing News for You, a weekly news source for adult new readers, which is still in publication today. Dr. Bob also founded New Readers Press, which develops and pub-lishes instructional materials for adult learners and adult education teachers. Today, New Readers Press continues to provide over 400 educational titles that help adults learn how to read, write, and do basic math. 
Dr. Bob was more than an educator, he was 
an innovator who helped changed countless lives by giving the gift of literacy. Dr. Bob’s legacy of literacy will live on in the Central New York community, and all over the world through the thousands of literacy organiza-tions, tutors, trainers, volunteers, and students who continue to work toward his dream of a world where everyone can read and write. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18SE8.003 E18SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1319 September 18, 2015 
HIGHLIGHTING THE UNIVERSITY 
OF MOBILE’S PROJECT SERVE 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commend the students, faculty, staff, and ad-ministration at the University of Mobile for their commitment to community service through ‘‘Project Serve.’’ 
The University of Mobile, which was found-
ed in 1961 by Alabama Baptists as a Christian university, established Project Service during the university’s 50th anniversary in 2011. For Project Serve, the university cancels classes for the day, and the classroom moves into the community in order to provide students and faculty with an opportunity to serve others. This year’s event will be held on September 25th. 
This is a record year for Project Serve with 
more than 1,200 members of the University of Mobile community signed up. On the 25th, these students will spread out to over 60 loca-tions in Mobile and Baldwin counties to take part in service activities. For example, stu-dents from the School of Nursing will admin-ister blood pressure checks, do laundry, and paint fingernails for residents of Little Sisters of the Poor. The RamCorps brass and percus-sion unit will perform for youth at the Strick-land Youth Center. The men’s basketball team will partner with Habitat for Humanity to build homes. These are just a few examples of the service projects that will make a big difference for people in Southwest Alabama. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud the University of Mo-
bile for making community service such an im-portant part of their college experience. Through Project Serve, students will learn that there is more to personal development than just what you can find in a textbook. While Project Serve will only last one day, I am con-fident the experience will lead to a lifetime of service for everyone in the University of Mo-bile community. 
f 
HONORING ALAN DOAN AND 
SARAH GALBRAITH 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Alan Doan and Sarah Galbraith, small business owners from Hamilton, Missouri, on being named the Small Business Persons of the Year by the Small Business Administration, in recognition of their company, the Missouri Star Quilt Co. 
After their father lost his retirement savings 
in the 2008 market crash, Alan and Sarah thought of their mother’s skills with sewing and quilting. They decided to take out a loan to purchase a quilting machine to make the quilts and earn extra money to support their family. They began their business in a small building close to their parents’ home and that is where Missouri Star Quilt Co. was born. They de-cided that in order to grow their business, they needed to reach a broader market and began putting quilting tutorial videos on the internet. Their business grew exponentially and soon 
they were receiving more orders than they could handle. Today, the Missouri Star Quilt Co. has more than 180 employees in Ham-ilton, Missouri, they have prompted other small businesses to open up their shops nearby, and have attracted as many as 10,000 tourists a month to Hamilton, which has a population less than 2,000. Their small business has not only profited and thrived, but has allowed many members of their community to thrive as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
recognizing Alan Doan and Sarah Galbraith for their achievement in receiving the SBA Small Business Persons of the Year award, as well as their hard work and commitment to their community. 
f 
HONORING GLENN HACKNEY FOR 
CONTRIBUTIONS IN PUBLIC SERVICE 
HON. DON YOUNG 
OF ALASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in recognition of one of the most dedi-cated, selfless and kind-hearted individuals I have ever had the pleasure of knowing, Mr. Glenn Hackney. He is a friend and a true un-sung hero for whom I have the deepest admi-ration. 
Glenn moved to Alaska before statehood, 
arriving in 1948. He served in the State House from 1972 to 1976 and the State Senate from 1976 to 1980. From the time of his arrival, Glenn began a life of service to Alaska. Mere words today cannot express the profound im-pact Glenn has had on the lives of many; he has truly done so much good, for so many people. Glenn has always lived by the simple words of Abraham Lincoln and I quote: ‘‘To ease another’s headache is to forget one’s own.’’ 
In that same vein, Glenn’s service to his 
community runs deep. I recall a time when Glenn was cleaning up the streets of Fair-banks, AK and was struck by a vehicle. He suffered many broken bones and endured great pain, but never held any ill-will towards the driver. In fact, he was more concerned for the driver’s well-being than his own. Soon thereafter, he was back on the street once again doing his part to clean up the commu-nity. Glenn is a strong, silent leader; a gen-tleman and a dear friend. I hope that this body will join me in recognizing his contributions to society and the great state of Alaska. 
f 
CELEBRATING NATIONAL TRUCK 
DRIVER APPRECIATION WEEK 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, this week, Sep-
tember 13–19, is designated National Truck Driver Appreciation Week and is set aside to honor the 3.4 million professional truck drivers in the United States. Trucking employs more than 7 million people, making it not just essen-tial to our economy, but one of our country’s 
largest sources of employment as well. 
Citizens in every community around the na-
tion rely on trucks—for the food we eat, the clothes we wear, and the products we use. As Ranking Member of the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, I know first- hand how important truckers are to the strength and well-being of our great nation. 
But trucks don’t move without highly skilled 
drivers. I have long fought to ensure the safety of American roads and to preserve American trucking jobs. I have also advanced measures to ensure that all truck drivers have the oppor-tunity make a decent living. 
In order for our truckers to do their jobs, 
they need Congress to do its job and pass a long-overdue, robust highways reauthorization. Truck drivers are on the front lines and face the effects of Congressional inaction every day. 
More than 147,000 bridges in the United 
States are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete (one of every four bridges). Nearly two thirds of the nation’s roads are in less than ‘‘good’’ condition. Congestion is a bal-looning problem, affecting 42 percent of Amer-
ica’s major roads and costing the economy $121 billion a year. 
While our infrastructure has deteriorated, 
Congress has been asleep at the wheel, pass-ing short-term patches that prolong uncertainty and force states to delay critical projects to fix decrepit, weight-restricted bridges that can’t handle freight trucks or pockmarked highways that blow out tires. 
As our needs have increased, surface trans-
portation programs have been limping along with flat funding since 2009. The federal gas tax pays for highways and public transit, but it has not been raised in 22 years, and its pur-chasing power has fallen 40 percent. We need to do more than the status quo. 
This must change. The Transportation and 
Infrastructure Committee is currently working on a bill to improve the conditions of our na-tion’s roads, bridges, and intermodal facilities by reauthorizing surface transportation pro-grams. A long-term bill is the only responsible action for Congress to take. 
Robust levels of Federal investment make a 
truck driver’s workplace—our highways—safer and more efficient. The Federal government needs to continue its leading role in promoting an interconnected interstate system vital to the timely movement of goods and people. This system must be paid for with guaranteed, sus-tainable funding that will bring our economy into the 21st Century—and not myopic solu-tions to replace a strong Federal role, such as tolling or privatization. 
National Truck Driver Appreciation Week is 
an opportunity to reflect on the vital role that truck drivers play in supporting and sustaining our economy and our society. The best way Congress can honor truck drivers is to pass a fully funded, long-term authorization bill. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF NAVAL AIR STATION JACKSONVILLE 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the 75th anniversary of Naval Air 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18SE8.017 E18SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1320 September 18, 2015 
Station Jacksonville, one of the United States 
Navy’s pivotal bases. For Jacksonville citizens, this anniversary brings back a flood of memo-ries. Many began their journeys here as young sailors ready to go to sea. They enlisted and scattered far and wide. Now, years later, many of these same sailors will commemorate this important base. For these sailors their sea an-chor is right here in this military friendly town. 
In 1938, before there was an NAS Jax—as 
we lovingly call the base—there were citizens who lobbied the Hepburn Board as it searched for a new naval base in the Southeast. The citizens voted to support bonds to purchase the property and construction began in 1939. 
The base was commissioned on Oct. 15, 
1940, with Captain Charles P. Mason serving as its first commanding officer. Walt Disney drew a logo for the new base depicting Donald Duck in flight gear and sporting gold wings emerging from an egg as NAS Jacksonville was given birth. 
As America entered World War II, construc-
tion and the pace of training increased at NAS Jax. Soon, there were three runways oper-ating as well as seaplane ramps. An overhaul and repair facility was begun to rework the station’s planes. Today, that facility is called the Fleet Readiness Center Southeast, and they still inhabit some of the original buildings from the 1940’s. 
By 1949, NAS Jacksonville was the plane 
capital of the East Coast and handled 60 per-cent of the fleet’s air striking force in the Atlan-tic area from pole to pole. As the Navy led the dawning of the jet age, the first jet carrier air groups and squadrons came to Jacksonville. So it was only natural that the Navy’s first Flight Demonstration Team—later known as the Blue Angels—got its start at NAS Jackson-ville. Fleet Air Wing 11, now the Patrol and Reconnaissance Wing 11, relocated to the station followed in the 1970s by Helicopter Antisubmarine Wing, U.S. Atlantic, and its squadrons. 
Over the ensuring decades, NAS Jackson-
ville supported the Navy’s efforts during war-time and peace. Its pilots and planes flew in combat and training. Planes and other air-frames were retired and new ones put into the inventory. As with other bases, buildings were added, old buildings were renovated, and per-sonnel came and went. 
Today, the runways are being totally rebuilt. 
The new airframe is heavier and larger than its predecessor and after 75 years of service, those original runways are being recycled. In a way, today’s pilots will still be taking off and landing on the history of those who went be-fore them. 
NAS Jacksonville is a recent two-time win-
ner of the Commander’s in Chief, Naval Instal-lations Command Excellence Award and is home to the newest manned and unmanned systems that Naval Aviation has in its inven-tory. 
The Navy has led in advancing innovation 
because the Navy must ensure our maritime supremacy and national security. NAS Jack-sonville has for 75 years been the face of that strength in Northeast Florida. Our citizens hear the sounds of freedom in support of our Nation’s defense. NAS Jax has been a con-stant in my life and in the lives of all in Jack-sonville. The greatness of this premier base is woven into the memories of all who have shared in the pride of having NAS Jacksonville within our city limits. I salute the 75th Anniversary of Naval Air 
Station Jacksonville, which continues to be a major employer and economic stimulator, but more importantly, its personnel continues to contribute through their hard work and dedica-tion to the important missions of our Nation’s defense. 
f 
HONORING CALEB PRETTYMAN 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Caleb Prettyman. Caleb is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 75, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Caleb has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Caleb has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Caleb has earned the rank of Tom-Tom Beat-er in the Tribe of Mic-O-Say. Caleb has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Caleb sanded and re-painted all 24 of the fire hydrants in Barnard, Missouri, and installed locater antennas on them so that they may easily be located in the event of an emergency. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Caleb Prettyman for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
HONORING JACK COGHILL FOR 
CONTRIBUTIONS IN PUBLIC SERVICE 
HON. DON YOUNG 
OF ALASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in recognition of a great Alaskan and someone I am honored and privileged to call my friend, Mr. Jack Coghill. Without Jack, I would not be here today as the Congressman for all Alaska; I might very well be retired or even buried near the banks of the Yukon River. 
Jack’s commitment to public service goes 
back long before Alaska statehood. He served as the Mayor of Nenana for 22 years, served in the Territorial House from 1952 to 1956 and was a State Senator for the first three Legisla-tures. He rounded out his time in elected of-fice as Alaska’s sixth Lieutenant Governor from 1990 to 1994. 
Beyond his elected political career, Jack— 
dubbed ‘‘Mr. Republican’’—has had a pro-found impact upon all of Alaska as one of the 55 framers of the state constitution. 
On a very personal note, in 1972 Jack was 
one of the few people who believed in me enough to encourage me to run for Congress. Jack not only encouraged my run but worked tirelessly in his support of my candidacy. None of us knew at that time there would be a hor-
rific accident in which Congressman Nick Begich and House Majority Leader Hal Boggs would be lost in a flight from Anchorage to Ju-neau. Due to this loss, it was up to the Repub-lican State Central Committee to appoint a Republican candidate for the Special election rather than go through a formal primary proc-ess. Despite many other qualified candidates, Jack stood by me and convinced his col-leagues on the Central Committee to vote in my favor. I am forever thankful for his role in shaping the path that has led me to serve as the Congressman for all Alaska these past 42 years. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, on the Legisla-
tive Day of September 17, 2015, a vote was held. Had I been present for this roll call vote, I would have cast the following vote: 
Roll Call 497—I vote ‘‘NAY.’’ 
f 
HONORING DONALD F. HARRISON 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Donald F. Har-rison, a teacher at Parkview Elementary in Cameron, Missouri, who was recently named America’s Top Teacher by Live with Kelly and Michael. 
Donn is more than just a teacher in Cam-
eron. He also serves as a crossing guard, a volunteer firefighter, and an EMT for Cameron. He also serves as the unofficial voice of Cam-eron, announcing track meets, basketball games and any other church and school events he can make. Known for his affinity to-wards bowties and Chuck Taylors, Donn’s nomination created an instant sensation in Cameron. Every business in town changed their signs to encourage folks to vote for Donn, ‘Vote for Donn’ yard signs sprung up across town, and social media posts drove the vote for Donn. Winning this award not only earned him a well-deserved vacation and new car, it also provided the Cameron R–I School District with computers to facilitate the class-room experience. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me, 
his wife, Lynette, and their family and friends in commending Donald F. Harrison for his ac-complishments in and out of the classroom and for his efforts put forth in achieving this high distinction. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DR. JON 
WOODS 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and legacy of Dr. Jon Woods, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18SE8.022 E18SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1321 September 18, 2015 
the long-time director of The Ohio State Uni-
versity Marching Band. He passed away on Saturday, September 12th fittingly on a day when so many of his former students were gathered together for the alumni game to per-form with the current band during pre-game and half-time shows. I was privileged to be one of his students when I was a member of The Best Damn Band In The Land (TBDBITL). 
Dr. Woods grew up in Pennsylvania, studied 
music education, and received a bachelor’s degree from Indiana University of Pennsyl-vania, a master’s degree from Penn State Uni-versity, and a doctorate from ‘‘that school up North’’—the University of Michigan. After serv-ing 10 years as an associate director he be-came the director in 1983. 
For 28 years he led TBDBITL. He was an 
innovator, creating computer-designed halftime shows that are now one of the band’s trade-marks. He led by example, quiet but firm, en-couraging comradery and promoting a tradition of excellence. Notably, he always strove to im-prove the band’s performances and inspired that drive in his students. Unusual among his peers, Dr. Woods was also a professor and an advisor. In fact, he felt his greatest legacy was his students. 
During his career his name became synony-
mous with the band as he directed shows at 35 bowl games and three presidential inau-gurations. It was my honor to work with him to secure the band’s ability to march in the 1989 inaugural parade for President George Bush, the 2001 inaugural parade for President George W. Bush and the 2009 inaugural pa-rade for President Barack Obama. He said his favorite game was the 2002 National Cham-pionship overtime win against The University of Miami. Dr. Woods’ greatest honor was dot-ting the ‘‘I’’ during his final season. 
A trombone player himself, Dr. Woods 
looked forward to retiring so he could be more involved in his own musical group, Trombones Plus. He was also looking forward to travelling with his wife, Donna and spending time with his children and granddaughter, Reese. While his family will deeply feel his loss, Dr. Woods touched countless people’s lives. He will be missed by his students, the university, and the TBDBITL community. 
f 
HONORING MARY BINKLEY FOR 
CONTRIBUTIONS IN PUBLIC SERVICE 
HON. DON YOUNG 
OF ALASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in recognition of an Alaskan Pioneer— a woman who helped shape our great State and a dear friend of mine—Mary Binkley. From her humble beginnings with Jim on the Chena and Tanana Rivers to her dedication to public service, Mary has been a solid founda-tion to her family, Fairbanks and the state of Alaska. 
Mary arrived to Alaska in 1944. As the ma-
triarch of the Binkley family, Mary was crucial to the growth of their family business—from the Godspeed, a 25-passenger vessel, to what would become the Binkley enterprise. She has been the backbone of the Discover Riverboat Touring Company since its founding in 1950; a business which still operates today. When 
her husband, Jim, entered the Alaska State Legislature, Mary stepped up to successfully manage the family business. The company played a vital role in helping grow and mod-ernize the entire region. When I traveled in Fairbanks, I traveled on the Riverboats Dis-covery. 
Mary has been a leading Alaskan woman 
her entire life. She has always had a big heart and deep respect for the rich history and cul-ture of the Alaska Native people. She consist-ently went out of her way to hire Alaska Na-tives, learning everything she could about their culture and graciously sharing hers in return. Those relationships echo her tireless efforts to build community. 
Her dedication to improving the economy 
and her resilience to the unforgiving Alaskan frontier make her the definition of determina-tion. I will always consider Mary a dear friend and pivotal stalwart in moving Alaska into the future. I could not be more honored to recog-nize her lifelong efforts as an Alaskan and one who sets the standard for others to follow. 
f 
HONORING TRENTON YATES 
CALTON 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Trenton Yates Calton. Trenton is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 397, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Trenton has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Trenton has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Tren-ton has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Trenton Yates Calton for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
HONORING KATHLEEN ‘‘MIKE’’ 
DALTON FOR CONTRIBUTIONS IN PUBLIC SERVICE 
HON. DON YOUNG 
OF ALASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in recognition of an Alaskan pioneer, a lifelong dedicated civil servant and volunteer, Mrs. Kathleen ‘‘Mike’’ Dalton. Life was not easy in any way for the pioneers of Alaska; only the strong in heart and mind would thrive in such an unforgiving environment. Mike’s life epitomizes the spirit of resilience and strength which advanced an early Alaskan frontier. 
As a young girl, Mike moved to Alaska in 
1949. She began her lifelong involvement in politics and public service in 1962, and quickly 
became the backbone of the Fairbanks Re-publican Women. She has proudly served in numerous political positions throughout her life, and played an integral role in the office of Senator Ted Stevens. 
Civic service was only one effort of the Dal-
ton family. Mike’s husband, Jim was instru-mental to advancing U.S. energy and defense as a pioneer engineer of the early oil explo-ration efforts in the Arctic and the Distant Early Warning radar line (DEW line). Both of which made a great impact to the nation. 
On a personal note, the Daltons have al-
ways treated me as one of their own. I will never forget the many times they opened their house off Dalton Trail to my late wife Lu, my daughters and me. I will always cherish the memories, friendship and unwavering support we’ve shared over the years. Alaska would be a different place without Mike, and it is only fit-ting that she be recognized for all her efforts. 
f 
HONORING JACOB I. HUTTON 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize Jacob I. Hutton. Jacob is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 87, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
Jacob has been very active with his troop, 
participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Jacob has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Jacob has earned the rank of Runner in the Tribe of Mic-O-Say. Jacob has also contrib-uted to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Jacob planted landscaping around the sign for the First Christian Church of Cam-eron, Missouri. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending Jacob I. Hutton for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
HONORING THE USS SIMPSON 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to pay tribute to the fine Sailors who have served on the USS Simpson (FFG 56). On 
September 30, 2015, the Simpson , which is 
the last active Oliver Hazard Perry-class frig-
ate, will be decommissioned and leave the ac-tive United States Navy fleet. 
The Simpson is named for Rear Admiral 
Rodger W. Simpson (1898–1964), who was a distinguished officer during World War II. RADM Simpson was awarded the Navy Cross, Silver Star and Legion of Merit for rescuing and evacuating more than 7,500 Allied pris-oners of war and civilians interned in Japa-nese concentration camps. The USS Simpson 
was commissioned on November 9, 1985. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18SE8.016 E18SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1322 September 18, 2015 
From its first overseas deployment, the USS 
Simpson and her crew have distinguished 
themselves in combat. On April 18, 1988, along with two other navy ships, the Simpson 
responded to the Iranian mine attack on the USS Samuel B. Roberts by destroying an Ira-
nian oil platform and sinking the Iranian Navy mission patrol combatant, Joshan. 
Over her 30 years of service, the Simpson 
made 14 deployments. Her final deployment was for seven months to the U.S. 5th and 6th Fleet areas of operation in which she con-ducted theater security cooperation exercises. As in the past, the crew was called on to sup-port various task forces and performed per-fectly never missing an operational commit-ment. Every sailor made a difference every day. In addition, some of the newest tech-nologies in the Navy were aboard, four Fire Scouts (MQ–8B) vertical takeoff and landing tactical unmanned aerial vehicles. 
The crew on the last deployment was com-
prised of reservists as well as active duty indi-vidual augmented personnel with zero pre-vious experience with UAV’s. Despite the chal-lenges, the officers aboard reported the crew achieved the highest ever recorded mainte-nance readiness and sortie completion rate of any Fire Scout deployment in the program’s history. 
The Simpson will be decommissioned but 
the friendships and camaraderie this ship es-tablished on its decks will last for ages. It is a pleasure and honor to represent the great men and women who serve in the 4th Con-gressional District of Florida and to see them successfully complete the mission of the USS Simpson . Their hard work and dedication con-
tributes to the important missions of our Na-tion’s defense and reiterates our community’s importance as an anchor of national security. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MRS. GLORIA 
GALLOWAY ON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. THOMAS J. ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to take this opportunity to recognize Mrs. Gloria Galloway, a dedicated professional with the Department of Veterans Affairs, Con-gressional Liaison Service, on the occasion of her retirement. Gloria has been an exemplary public servant who has demonstrated the highest standards of professionalism on a daily basis. She has served with the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for more than 36 years and her career in public service has been a testament to the importance of unself-ish devotion. As Gloria embarks on a new chapter in life, it is my hope that she may re-call with a deep sense of pride and accom-plishment the outstanding contributions she has made to the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, the United States House of Representa-tives and the people of the United States of America. I would like to send her my best wishes for continued success in her future en-deavors, and may her life be filled with health and happiness. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GLENN THOMPSON 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, on roll call no. 497, I was absent during roll call number 497 (the Previous Question on H. Res. 420) the afternoon of September 17, 2015 because I was meeting with constituents from Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. Had I been present, I would have voted YES. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO CARL AND DENISE 
JARDON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Carl and Denise Jardon of Randolph, Iowa, for receiv-ing the 2015 Conservationist of the Year Award presented by the Fremont County Soil and Water Conservation District. 
Carl and Denise were selected for this 
award based on their outstanding work in in-corporating terraces, no-till farming, nitrogen stabilizer, and cover crops into their 368–acre farm operation. These practices are instru-mental in helping preserve clean water and soil for generations to come. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate 
Carl and Denise for earning this award. They are shining examples of how hard work and dedication to protecting the environment will benefit their property and others. I urge my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating Carl and Denise for this achievement. I wish them nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
THE FAIR ACCESS TO EDUCATION 
ACT OF 2015 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today I 
am introducing the Fair Access to Education Act of 2015. This legislation would bring fair-ness to the Free Application for Federal Stu-dent Aid (FAFSA) form, which determines fed-eral student aid, and currently asks eligibility questions about a student’s drug conviction history. 
Under this legislation, an applicant with mis-
demeanor marijuana possession offenses will not have to check the box when applying for federal financial assistance. It also imme-diately provides eligibility for grants, loans, and work assistance to those whose applications were suspended due to a marijuana mis-demeanor offense. 
Too often those with misdemeanor drug of-
fenses, such as simple marijuana possession, continue to be discriminated against or stig-matized long after they’ve paid their fines or served their time. Such is the case when it comes to higher education. One of our great-
est opportunities as Americans to better our-selves and start anew is pushed out of reach for many because of an outdated bias built into our federal student aid application. 
Under current law, the FAFSA requires ap-
plicants to disclose any drug-related offense they’ve had while receiving federal student aid. This outdated question is on the applica-tion because of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, which authorizes federal and state judges to deny certain federal benefits, includ-ing student aid, to persons convicted of drug trafficking or possession. 
If that box is checked when a student sub-
mits an application, the application is imme-diately placed on hold and the student is in-formed that the application cannot be proc-essed and additional steps are required to de-termine eligibility. This intimidating process often has the effect of discouraging students from continuing. 
Public opinion and state law is shifting dra-
matically on questions related to marijuana. Prohibition is outdated and does not reflect how Americans think, nor how they actually behave. Nearly half of the population has smoked marijuana at some point in their lives, and now in four states and the District of Co-lumbia, people can do so legally. 
It is senseless that we would limit a stu-
dent’s future for any drug offense for which they have served their sentence, and even more senseless that we would do so for an of-fense for a drug that a majority believes should be legal. 
The FAFSA question—number 23 for the 
2015–16 school year—is outdated, unfair, and traps those seeking to recover from mistakes and create opportunities for themselves. Cur-rent policy is inevitably more harmful to those with the greatest need. If a student has a mis-demeanor marijuana offense but is fully able to afford an education on their own, their fu-ture is not limited. But if a student has taken strides to recover from past mistakes and is seeking help in getting an education, current policy will only hold them back. 
The Fair Access to Education Act would 
help reduce recidivism and strengthen our communities. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MARINE & EN-
VIRONMENTAL RESEARCH INSTI-TUTE ON ITS 25TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate and applaud an organization in my state on its 25th anniversary year of study-ing the effects of toxic chemicals on environ-mental and human health. 
The Marine & Environmental Research Insti-
tute (MERI)—based in Blue Hill, Maine— began in 1990 with a group of scientists con-cerned about the impact of pollutants on ma-rine mammal populations that were experi-encing massive die-offs and disease out-breaks. Led by Dr. Susan Shaw, the organiza-tion has done incredible work since then in-vestigating the effects toxic exposure has on health outcomes in the marine environment. 
Moreover, the group has shown that toxic 
exposure has significant consequences for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18SE8.023 E18SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1323 September 18, 2015 
human health as well. I especially appreciate 
MERI’s groundbreaking studies of the effects of chemical exposure on firefighters, a group that encounters high incidences of cancer. The organization has conducted the most ex-tensive bio-monitoring assessment of fire-fighters to date and continues to gather infor-mation that can be used to protect the health of the first responders who keep our commu-nities safe. 
As beings on this planet, we cannot sepa-
rate ourselves from the environment. What we do to it, we do to ourselves. I truly appreciate MERI’s work to remind us all that wildlife and humans alike benefit from protecting the envi-ronment and limiting the spread of dangerous chemicals. May it continue to do this important work for many years to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MATTHEW SHAFNER 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay 
tribute to Mr. Matthew Shafner, who recently passed away after a courageous battle with cancer. Matt was a beloved native son of the Groton-New London community, and a leg-endary attorney who never wavered as a champion of the underdog. 
Born in New London in 1935, Matt attended 
the Bulkeley School and graduated from New London High School in 1953. Growing up, Matt worked for his family’s renowned furniture business headed by his father, who also served as a state representative in the Con-necticut General Assembly. Matt earned his undergraduate degree from the University of Connecticut and was awarded a law degree from UConn Law School in 1959. Shortly thereafter, Matt opened and built a workers’ compensation practice with John O’Brien in New London, representing the region’s ship-yard workers. These deep roots in the south-eastern Connecticut community indelibly con-nected Matt with the citizens—his neighbors— whom he would represent in the courtroom. 
In the early seventies, Matt took the case of 
a shipyard worker who died of lung cancer and then took on asbestos companies. The lawsuits started with one asbestos case and one lung cancer case and quickly grew to 12 cases and then 50 cases including asbestos, lung cancer, mesothelioma, laryngeal cancer, esophageal cancer and GI cancer. By the end of the decade, the first 50 asbestos cases set-tled for $6.5 million—winning surviving families justice and compensation for their losses. 
Matt continued to handle many other cases, 
including 90 aerospace workers who had de-veloped brain tumors after working in the same factory. Another powerful case for Matt arose out of a fabricated glove and aprons manufacturer in northeastern Connecticut using chrysotile asbestos cloth and gas masks with crocidolite asbestos filters. The plant manager’s son, who worked during school va-cations and was a biking champion of Con-necticut, developed pleural mesothelioma at age 41. He died soon after, leaving a young wife and two infant children. Matt won the case for this family in court. 
In the New London Day, Senior Superior 
Court Judge Robert Martin described Matt as a ‘‘unanimous first ballot hall-of-fame lawyer. 
He had no peer in the personal injury field. We have a lot of good lawyers in New London County, but Matt really set the bar and I think everybody played off him. I don’t know any lawyer who cared about justice more than Matt Shafner.’’ 
Matt served his community as faithfully he 
served individuals in need, as the attorney for the City of Groton for 20 years. 
Matt was named among the Super Lawyers 
of Connecticut every year from 2007 to 2012, as well as in New England and Metropolitan New York Matt served as President of the New London County Bar Association, on the Board of Governors of the Connecticut Trial Lawyers Association and as State Delegate to the Association of Trial Lawyers of America. His lectures included a 1981 address to the XI Triennial World Congress of Pathology in Je-rusalem on the legal aspects of asbestos dis-ease. Matt was awarded the first Paul Tremont Award for Advocacy recognizing the first asbestos litigation in the Northeast filed in 1975. 
In addition to his prolific professional career, 
Matt was a stalwart, grassroots activist in local, state, and national politics. A member of the Groton Democratic Town Committee, Matt faithfully worked at party headquarters, at-tended conventions as a delegate, and shared his compassionate perspective on issues of the day in the press and with public officials and candidates. 
I benefited greatly from Matt’s strong sup-
port during my two campaigns for Congress as a challenger. In 2006, when my race was decided by 83 votes out of 242,000 cast, Matt volunteered to help with the recount process— a very tense and challenging task. His training and experience as a lawyer and his passion for democracy were a perfect blend, from which I feel honored to have benefited. 
For someone so accomplished, Matt was 
known equally for his extraordinary humility. His gentleness belied a tenacity in the court-room that was unparalleled for his clients and achieved major victories for them. 
Matt is survived by his wife Denise, four 
children, three step-children, nine grand-children, and ten great-grandchildren I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing our deep-est sorrow for their loss and to the south-eastern Connecticut community who lost a humble legal legend, who never stopped fight-ing for the underdog. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ELLEN GRACE BROWN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Ellen Grace Brown on the celebration of her 100th birthday. Ms. Brown celebrated her 100th birthday on August 30th, 2015 in Lenox, Iowa. 
Our world has changed a great deal during 
the course of Ms. Brown’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones, and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism, and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Ms. Brown has lived through seventeen United States Presidents 
and twenty-four Governors of Iowa. In her life-time, the population of the United States has more than tripled. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
Ellen in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Ms. Brown on reaching this in-credible milestone, and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE ONE HUN-
DREDTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ROTARY CLUB OF LEXINGTON 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize 
the centennial year of the Rotary Club of Lex-ington, Kentucky. This honorable humanitarian organization has been bringing men and women together to serve the Bluegrass com-munity since 1915. It is one of the oldest and best established community-oriented organiza-tions in the state and was Lexington’s first civic club. The newly established Rotary Club first met in the historic Phoenix Hotel, which has been host to numerous celebrities and public figures including six United States Presidents. The club has grown over the years 
to become the twenty first largest in the world. 
The motto of the Rotary Club is ‘‘Service 
over Self’’ and the Lexington club certainly ex-emplifies that. They are a shining example of individuals with servants’ hearts coming to-gether to better their community. Rotary orga-nizes and implements several significant serv-ice projects that benefit our community, our commonwealth, and the world. Hundreds of community projects have been completed by the Rotary Club of Lexington, including pro-viding clothing for children in the Fayette County School System, organizing the South-ern Lights Santa Project, funding the Surgery on Sunday program, mentoring and assisting in school classrooms, funding the Born Learn-ing night classes for parents, awarding size-able college scholarships, and sponsoring international youth exchange programs. Rotary raises money and donates thousands of dol-lars each year to worthy programs such as the End Polio Now campaign and the Cardinal Hill Foundation. 
Rotary membership consists of business 
owners, professionals, managers, and commu-nity leaders who take great interest in the hap-penings and welfare of the community. Lexington’s Rotary Club members have been instrumental in community action for the bet-terment of Lexington and the quality of life of its citizens for one hundred years and this is cause for celebration. It is my honor to stand before the United States House of Represent-atives to acknowledge the historic celebration for the Rotary Club of Lexington. I wish them the best for a successful future in their next one hundred years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18SE8.005 E18SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1324 September 18, 2015 
SGT. RAYMOND J. KOOMAN 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Sergeant Raymond J. Kooman, who served bravely in World War II and survived as a prisoner of war in a German prison camp. Sgt. Kooman is being honored today at the 2015 POW/MIA Recognition Month Cere-mony in Hackensack, NJ for his service. 
In 1942, Sgt. Raymond J. Kooman, son of 
Mr. and Mrs. S. Kooman, enlisted in the serv-ice at the age of 19, serving in the United States Army, 28th Infantry Keystone Division. The red keystone, official emblem of the State of Pennsylvania, is the official shoulder sleeve insignia of the 28th Division which was origi-nally a Pennsylvania National Guard organiza-tion. The Germans called it the ‘Bloody Buck-et’ because of the blood-red keystone insignia and vicious fighting tactics during the Nor-mandy Campaign. It was the 28th Infantry that paraded through the streets of Paris after the city’s liberation. The division traces its history back to Benjamin Franklin’s ‘‘Battalions for Associators’’ organized in 1747. 
In October 1943, Sgt. Kooman was de-
ployed to the European battlefront. He had been in action since D-Day and served with reconnaissance patrols, and in attacks on enemy strongholds. He continued to serve as a rifleman with the infantry in the European Theatre. On September 14, 1944 Sgt. Kooman was wounded when a German sniper shot him in the leg. He recovered quickly from his injuries and three weeks later he was sent back into action. After five months of fighting in France, Belgium, Luxembourg and Ger-many, the 28th Infantry was deployed along a 25-mile stretch of the Our River, from north-eastern Luxembourg to Wallenstein, Germany. 
On December 18, 1944, just three months 
after being injured, Sgt. Kooman was captured and taken prisoner by enemy German troops in Luxembourg. He was captured during the Battle of the Bulge and was eventually held as a POW in Stalag IV B in Germany. Sgt. Kooman weighed 155 pounds when he en-listed and weighed only 80 pounds when he was liberated by British soldiers. He also fell ill to dysentery, as had all prisoners. However, somehow, Sgt. Kooman found the will to sur-vive. He still carries the prisoner identification tag he was forced to wear. Sgt. Kooman de-scribes his experience as such: ‘‘We had 
3,007 prisoners in our camp. Everybody slept on the floor in this prison. There were no beds and no toilets. There was nothing to eat—35 men to one loaf of bread. I never took my socks off, yet walked 800 miles in 35 days, the death march. I buried a lot of people, a lot of soldiers. Every day, I buried them.’’ 
After a year in captivity, he was eventually 
liberated by the British Army in 1945. His story of survival in the midst of so much agony is both inspirational and a snapshot of the true brutality of war. 
In recognition for his service in the U.S. 
Army, Sgt. Kooman received several military decorations: the Purple Heart, Bronze Star Medal—1st Oak Leaf Cluster, World War II Victory Medal, ETO Campaign Medal, and the Bronze Arrowhead—Omaha Beach Assault. 
It is an honor for me to recognize Sgt. Ray-
mond J. Kooman, who hails from the Borough of Little Ferry, which I am proud to represent 
within the 9th Congressional District of New Jersey. 
The job of a United States Congressman in-
volves much that is rewarding, yet nothing compares to recognizing and commemorating the life and achievements of individuals such as Sgt. Raymond J. Kooman. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our col-
leagues, Sgt. Kooman’s family and friends, all those whose lives he has touched, and me, in recognizing the life and service of Sergeant Raymond J. Kooman. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HAROLD AND 
SANDRA BINTZ 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Harold and Sandra Bintz of Minden, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anni-versary. 
Harold and Sandra’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous oc-casion. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF HONOR 
FLIGHT OREGON 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
great pleasure to welcome the 35 World War II veterans visiting Washington, DC this week from our home state of Oregon. Their trip was made possible by Honor Flight of Oregon and their presence in the Capitol today is a hum-bling one. 
We are joined by Navy, Army, Marine, Mer-
chant Marine, Coast Guard and Army Air Force veterans who have faced terrors and dangers with bravery that continues to inspire. In this group are veterans who fought in Iwo Jima; those who fended off and survived the harrowing attack on the USS Franklin ; docu-
mentarians who photographed the war; cryp-tographers who kept our secrets safe; and mechanics of all branches that kept us march-ing forward. These are just a few examples of the contributions these heroes made, but each deserves individual recognition: 
Kenneth Anderson; John Fellas; RD, Sr 
Fortner; James Riopelle; Stanley Wheeler; Donald Bean; Marvin Johnson; Leo Schammel; Earl Uptegrove; Clyde Harrop; Ro-land Halberg; Lawrence Torrey; Donald Fowler; Patrick O’Brien; Eldon Dyer; Raymond Stahly; Robert Bortvedt; Lawrence Kissinger; Everett Lee; Gerald Midbust; Harold Goff; Raynold Deluca Sr; Murray Watts; Lyle Wescott; George Prusynski; Donald Cresap; William Birkeland; Harold Englet; Kenneth Kerns, Juanita Price; Donald Ford; James Sperling; Robert Zimmerman; Rupert Fixott; 
and Joe Bruer. 
The world as we know it would not be the 
same were it not for their courage, their brav-ery, and I hope that this trip bestows upon them a tiny fraction of the respect and grati-tude that can never be fully repaid. To our Greatest Generation, I wish them my very best on their visit and thank them for their service. 
These events are so important, connecting 
our veterans with the memorials erected to honor their service and with younger genera-tions to ensure they know this important his-tory. And a trip such as this would not be pos-sible without the help of the volunteers who donate their time, resources and passion to Honor Flight Oregon. They ensure that each visit is met with the heroes welcome these veterans deserve. 
f 
OBSERVING SEPTEMBER AS CHIL-
DREN’S CARDIOMYOPATHY AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, when my con-
stituent Matthew Nehaus was 9, he suddenly lost weight, became too tired to participate in sports, and was frequently overcome by coughing bouts. Concerned, his parents took him to the doctor, who initially thought the cause was an infection or pneumonia. But an X-ray led to a much scarier diagnosis—cardio-myopathy. 
Cardiomyopathy is a degenerative disease 
of the heart muscle that weakens its ability to efficiently and effectively pump blood around the body. Though more common for adults, it is a leading cause of sudden cardiac arrest and heart transplants in children. 
This September is the second annual Chil-
dren’s Cardiomyopathy Awareness Month, an opportunity to educate people about the condi-tion, its signs and risk factors, as well as ad-vocate for policies that help address it. 
One of those policies, which I’m proud to 
support, is H.R. 829, the SAFE PLAY Act. In-troduced by Representatives L
OISCAPPS and 
BILLPASCRELL , the bill would take a number of 
needed steps to protect the safety of student athletes, including developing emergency re-sponse plans at schools, communicating the risks of overexertion in hot weather, and teaching students to conduct CPR and use defibrillators. Another important measure of this bill is identifying students with cardio-myopathy to help them get treatment and re-duce their risks. 
Luckily, Matthew Nehaus and his family 
found out about his condition in time to sta-bilize his health and, after years on the dona-tion list, he received a heart transplant. I’m so grateful that Matthew has the opportunity to pursue a bright future and dearly hope that other children facing cardiomyopathy get the same chance. Please join me in spreading awareness about this condition and supporting policies that can lead to early detection and better health outcomes for these kids. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18SE8.009 E18SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1325 September 18, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO DOROTHY BUCH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Dorothy Buch on the celebration of her 100th birthday. Dorothy celebrated her 100th birthday on Au-gust 12, 2015. 
Our world has changed a great deal during 
the course of Dorothy’s life. Dorothy grew up on a farm in Mills County, Iowa. She would walk a mile to and from school every day. She was a 1932 graduate of Glenwood High School. Dorothy and her late husband, Carl, worked their farm for 61 years and are the proud parents of three daughters, five grand-children, 10 great-grandchildren, and 5 great- great-grandchildren. For years, Dorothy was the pianist and organist at the Trinity Lutheran Church where she still attends Sunday serv-ices. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
Iowans like Dorothy. I urge my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Dorothy on reaching this incredible milestone and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
THE JOHN WAYNE IN SCRUBS—DR. 
JAMES HENRY ‘‘RED’’ DUKE 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on 25 Au-
gust 2015, the Great State of Texas lost one of its greatest sons. A world class trauma sur-geon, educator and family man, Dr. James ‘‘Red’’ Duke is a legend of the Houston and Texas A&M communities. 
I was deeply saddened to hear of the loss 
of this good man and my friend. 
Dr. Duke—or as I liked to call him ‘‘the John 
Wayne in scrubs’’—was Texan to the core. His trademark bristly mustache, gold rimmed glasses, lanky Texas swagger and heavy twang were second only to his colorful person-ality. 
I met Dr. Duke in the ‘80s when he ap-
peared as an expert witness in criminal cases in my courtroom. (I was a felony court judge.) 
A few years later we teamed up as doctor 
and judge to teach high school students les-sons about drunk driving. 
Working with him to make those kids think 
twice about their decisions is something I will never forget. 
But while Dr. Duke may have been a 
straight shooter from humble roots, he was also one of the most celebrated folks in his field. He founded the Life Flight air ambulance service, wrote over forty publications, eighteen textbook chapters and gave almost 600 lec-tures. He became a household name through his educational TV series Bodywatch and the Texas Health Reports. 
A man dedicated to serving others, Dr. 
Duke completed a two-year tour of duty as a tank officer in the 2nd Armored Division, be-fore returning home from Germany to enter a theological seminary in 1955. Shortly thereafter he switched from one life- 
saving vocation to another, qualifying as a physician and taking up a residency at the Parkland Memorial Hospital, where in 1963 he was the first surgeon to receive President Kennedy after he was shot on that fateful day in Dallas. 
For the next 50 years, Dr. Duke dedicated 
himself to treating trauma victims and edu-cating young doctors, while in his spare time, generously giving his time to the Boy Scouts and wildlife conservation efforts. 
In 1989 he was considered for the position 
of Surgeon General of the United States, one year after being named Surgeon of the Year by the James F Mitchell Foundation. 
While the United States did not receive the 
pleasure of Dr. Duke’s service in this role, we in Texas were happy to have him stay. We were fortunate to call Red our own. 
He was bigger than life. He was ‘‘John Wayne in Scrubs.’’ And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DETECTIVE STEVE 
HAYES OF THE COPPELL POLICE DEPARTMENT 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Detective Steve Hayes on receiv-ing the Star of Texas Resolution for his serv-ice and dedication to the community. 
Detective Hayes has been a hardworking 
and respected member of the Coppell Police Department in Coppell, Texas, for several dec-ades in different capacities. One routine traffic stop on March 31, 1995, changed his life for-ever. During the stop, a different vehicle struck his patrol car and left him with severe injuries to both his legs. Yet this didn’t stop him from returning to work and continuing to make a positive impact on the community in any ca-pacity he could. 
After Steve lost his right leg to amputation, 
endured multiple surgeries, and many months rehabbing and caring to his injuries, he came back to the police department as a training of-ficer and dispatcher and has since been pro-moted. Today Steve works as a crime scene investigator and property crimes detective. His story is an inspiration and a strong message to all. 
Steve also volunteers and has become a 
board member of the Peace Officers Angels foundation. He regularly calls, travels, and meets with injured officers across the state as part of their program. He has been an integral part of the foundation and provides emotional support to other members of law enforcement injured on the job. It’s admirable and inspira-tional that he uses his unfortunate accident as a positive influence to aid fellow members of law enforcement with their struggles from being injured in the line of duty. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize 
the hard work and support Steve contributes as well as being awarded the Star of Texas Resolution. I ask all of my distinguished col-leagues to join me in recognizing Detective Steve Hayes of the Coppell Police Depart-ment. TRIBUTE TO THE FARMERS 
TELEPHONE COMPANY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate the Farm-ers Telephone Company of Essex, Iowa. This year marks the 60th year of operation for the telecommunications company, which opened its doors in 1955. 
The Farmers Telephone Company was 
formed by a group of area farmers. The com-pany has grown a great deal over the past 60 years, but they have kept their roots and re-mained at 615 Iowa Avenue in Essex since it first opened. While their location hasn’t changed, the way they operate their business has. The biggest change is the growth of inter-net service and the effects it has had on busi-nesses and residents alike. General Manager Tim Hill attributes the longevity of the Farmers Telephone Company to its core base of local customers and its constant willingness to evolve to keep up with the times. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend and congratulate 
the Farmers Telephone Company and its staff for providing cutting-edge telecommunication services to the Essex community and south-west Iowa for the past 60 years. I urge my col-leagues in the United States Congress to join me in congratulating Farmers Telephone Com-pany for their numerous achievements in the communications industry. I wish them and all of their employees nothing but the best mov-ing forward. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN 
LESCOE 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to honor and remember the life of John Lescoe, Jr. of Willimantic, Connecticut who passed away on September 14, 2015. John was a lifelong resident of Willimantic, where he lived with his wife Pauline ‘‘Bunny’’ Lescoe. He served as a State Representative for the 49th District in the Connecticut General As-sembly for 12 years and First Selectman for the Town of Windham for two and a half years. 
John graduated from Windham High School 
in 1956. Following his two year service in the Marine Corps, John worked at Pratt & Whitney for eight years as a machinist. John then en-tered another phase of his life by enrolling in Eastern Connecticut State University in 1966, and graduated with a degree in Physical Edu-cation. 
John put his new degree to work by teach-
ing physical education, social studies, and lan-guage arts for 30 years at Horace Porter Ele-mentary School in Columbia, CT. In 1986, John won election to serve as State Rep-resentative of the 49th District in the Con-necticut General Assembly. After representing the 49th District in Hartford from 1987 to 1999, John shifted to serve two and a half years as First Selectman for the Town of Windham. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18SE8.013 E18SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1326 September 18, 2015 
John also served the town as Alderman, Se-
lectman, and was the last mayor of Willimantic and the first mayor of Windham. Among John’s signature accomplishments, were help-ing to secure funding for the town to install lights and a playground at Recreation Park, the Textile Museum, and the iconic ‘‘Frog Bridge’’ downtown. 
Beyond his 32 years of service as a public 
servant, John’s reputation for civic engage-ment was legendary. He was passionate about recreation, and not only played on a softball team himself for over 50 years, but also ran the Elk’s ‘‘Hoop Shoot’’ and the Knights of Columbus Free Throw contest for over 40 years, was a member of the Town Recreation Commission, and was involved with Little Pal basketball, Little League base-ball, WYO and the intermediate junior high basketball travel team. 
No sporting event did John care about more 
than his children’s athletic events—he even created a shortcut on his computer to track his daughter’s statistics for the Springfield College basketball and rugby teams. John’s hard work to promote civic engagement and youth recre-ation was recognized when he was honored as the P.O.B.E. Elks Club Elk of the Year in 2003–2004, as president of the Polish Club, and an honorary member of the Franco-Amer-ican Citizens Club. 
The Windham community will miss John 
deeply. I ask my colleagues to join me in of-fering our condolences to his wife, Pauline, and his family as they mourn the passing of a good man. 
f 
HONORING CLAIRE’S CORNER 
COPIA ON THE OCCASION OF ITS 40TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, nestled on the 
corner of Chapel and College Streets in Downtown New Haven is Claire’s Corner Copia, a gourmet vegetarian restaurant that is among one of the most popular and beloved restaurants in the City. Founded by Claire and the late Frank Criscuolo, this community treas-ure is celebrating its 40th Anniversary and I am proud to rise today to join the community in extending my heartfelt congratulations on this remarkable milestone. 
A registered nurse by training, Claire de-
cided she really wanted to find a way to work with her husband, Frank. Disappointed with some of the fare she was getting from local restaurants at the time, she and Frank opened Claire’s Corner Copia in 1975. Claire was de-termined to bring the essence of her home- cooked meals to her restaurant and to create what she calls her ‘‘own utopia.’’ 
Claire’s is, in a word, eclectic. Its two walls 
of windows allow customers to enjoy the bus-tling crowds on Chapel and Church Streets, the tables and chairs do not match, and the menu is a series of blackboards with your choices written in colorful chalk. You wait in line to place your order, give your name to have it brought to you, you get your own cut-lery, and bus your own table. Claire liked the idea of her customers ‘‘participating’’ in their dining experience. Over the course of its 40- year history, Claire’s Corner Copia has built a 
loyal following not only locally but for travelers as well. A Seattle resident who travels to New Haven on business recently told the local paper, ‘‘It’s the only restaurant I go to every time I come to New Haven. Everything is fresh and there is a wide assortment of characters.’’ That is Claire’s Corner Copia. 
What makes Claire’s Corner Copia so spe-
cial—aside from the all-vegetarian menu, the use of fresh ingredients, and its famous baked goods—is the atmosphere that Claire has cre-ated. Nearly everything on the menu is made in-house, you can always find Claire buzzing around the restaurant, and her employees, many who have been with her for more than a decade love their work. Instead of relying on tips, her staff is paid a fair wage, provided health benefits, and paid time off. Claire and her staff dedicate themselves to providing their customers with a unique experience. That is the secret of the success of Claire’s Corner Copia. 
I want to extend a special note of congratu-
lations to Claire Criscuolo. The restaurant business is not easy and her determination, vi-sion, creativity, and entrepreneurial skill have made Claire’s Corner Copia an iconic local landmark. Claire is also a dedicated member of our community, supporting a variety of or-ganizations including New Haven Reads, St. Francis and St. Rose of Lima Schools, and Smilow Cancer Hospital. I cannot remember a time when I did not know her and I consider myself fortunate to call her my friend. I am honored to rise today to extend my very best wishes to her and her staff on this very special occasion. Happy 40th Anniversary. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RONNIE AND SHARON 
FOSTER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Ronnie and Sharon Foster of Clarinda, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Ronnie and Sharon were married on August 8, 1955 at the New Market Meth-odist Church of New Market, Iowa. 
Ronnie and Sharon’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their children, Beth, the late Dan, Don, the late Dusty, and Leesa, their grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, truly embodies Iowa values. I commend this de-voted couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. I wish them and their family all the best moving forward. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I would like to in-
dicate that I inadvertently voted ‘‘Yes’’ on Roll Call 503. I intended to vote ‘‘No.’’ OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,038,086,972.10. We’ve 
added $7,524,161,038,059.02 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RICHARD AND 
CAROLYN MILLER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Richard and Carolyn Miller of Neola, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They were married on August 28, 1965 at the Grace Evangelical United Brethren Church in Story City. 
Richard and Carolyn’s lifelong commitment 
to each other and their children, Tami and Jeff, as well as their grandchildren, truly em-bodies Iowa’s values. I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE GRAND 
OPENING OF THE NEW SCHOOL OF NURSING AT THE UNIVER-SITY OF MICHIGAN 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the grand opening of the new aca-demic building at the University of Michigan School of Nursing. 
The University of Michigan School of Nurs-
ing is a premier institution that is committed to teaching and training the next generation of nurses. Consistently recognized as one of the best nursing schools in the country, they have trained many individuals who have gone on to excel in the field of nursing and give back to their communities. In fact, just this year they were recognized for having six subspecialties ranked in the Top 10 of the U.S. News and World Report’s annual rankings. This includes the Nursing Administration program, which is ranked second, and the Family Nurse Practi-tioner and the Gerontology Primary Care pro-gram, which were both ranked third. This strong praise affirms the University’s commit-ment to training the ‘‘leaders and the best.’’ 
Our nation needs more well-trained nurses 
who are committed to giving back to their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18SE8.017 E18SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1327 September 18, 2015 
community. It is great to have a national lead-
er in the field in Ann Arbor, Michigan. This new academic building will further enhance their ability to train the next generation of nurses who will be on the front lines of pro-viding much needed care to those who need it most. It is especially exciting that the mod-ern tools within this facility will teach students to work in contemporary and collaborative en-vironments, which will help them prepare to excel at their jobs. Through this 75,000 square-foot new structure, new nurses will continue to expand upon the University of Michigan’s reputation of excellence and high achievement. 
My friend, Dr. Kathleen Potempa, the Dean 
of the School of Nursing, deserves our praise for her leadership in spearheading the opening of this new facility and for her dedication to teaching. It is my hope that this grand opening will be the start of a new and continued era of excellence at the University of Michigan School of Nursing. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in honoring the opening of the new School of Nursing Academic Building at the University of Michigan. I wish each and every new student the best of luck and much suc-cess in their future endeavors. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF 
RICHARD DUDA 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to honor and remember the life of Richard Duda of Griswold, Connecticut who passed away late last week. Dick was a fixture in Griswold, where he lived all his life with his wife Barbara and their two children. He was the quintessential ‘‘citizen’’ who believed giv-ing back to the community was his duty. He served five terms in the Connecticut State Legislature representing the 58th district and as the Town Attorney for Griswold for many years. 
Dick was a lifelong Democrat, and served 
as the Chairman of the Griswold Democratic Town Committee for over 30 years. Outside of government, he was a board member at the local library, a member of St. Mary’s Church, and a member of the board of directors for Jewett City Savings Bank. His involvement in local government and advocacy was exten-sive, and his capacity to help was boundless. Dick saw his local law practice as a way to give back to the Griswold community. He em-bodied the ideal of the profession, serving as a resource and advocate for his neighbors— often taking cases that others would have passed over or accepting rates far lower than average for the time. His goal was to serve as a resource and as a true community lawyer. The law was his calling, and his passion. 
In politics and law, fields that can turn acri-
monious, Dick was a true gentleman. He stayed above any bitterness, and his friends recall how he remained polite and deferential. His amiable manner, dedication to his commu-nity, and upbeat attitude will be sorely missed in Griswold. I ask my colleagues to please join me in offering our condolences to his wife Bar-bara, his son Christopher, and grandchildren Cameron, Caitlyn and Gavin. TRIBUTE TO CHARLIE WEIL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Charlie Weil of Afton, Iowa, for his retirement from Wellman Dynamics in Creston after 50 years of service. 
On August 25th, 2015, Mr. Weil marked 50 
years working as a molder for Wellman’s, which manufactures aluminum and magne-sium sand castings for aerospace applications. He also spent a year serving our country in Vietnam and when he completed his service, he demonstrated great commitment to Wellman’s, immediately returning to work there. 
Mr. Speaker, Charlie’s hard work and dedi-
cation to his craft embodies the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent him in the United States Congress. I know that all of my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating him on his achievement, and I wish him nothing but continued success and happiness in his retirement. 
f 
PERPETUAL POW/MIA STAMP ACT 
OF 2015 
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor our nation’s POWs and MIA service members. 
Today is National Prisoner of War, Missing 
in Action Day. As Vice-Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs I am con-stantly in awe of the sacrifices and efforts that have been made on behalf of our great coun-try by the men and women who have worn the uniform of our Armed Services. 
Tragically, according to the Department of 
Defense, more than 83,000 service members remain missing since World War II. These in-dividuals represent a unique segment of the men and women who serve or have served in the Armed Forces—men and women who are missing or captured, unable to come home. 
I am proud to introduce H.R. 3558, legisla-
tion to create a forever stamp depicting the National League of Families POW/MIA flag. 
This bill will help demonstrate our nation’s 
gratitude to this special segment of heroes, both past and present. I am forever grateful for their service. 
f 
H.R. 3504 AND H.R. 3134 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today I 
voted against H.R. 3504, which would limit women’s health care choices and interfere in the doctor-patient relationship, and against H.R. 3134, which would defund Planned Par-enthood. It is bizarre to watch the manufactured con-
troversy surrounding ambush-type, heavily- edited journalism used to discredit Planned Parenthood. 
It’s not just the blatantly manipulative and 
misleading tactics that are being used, which should be enough for most people to reject the allegations on their face. These attacks do not reflect my experience and knowledge of the amazing, dedicated, civic-minded men and women who have built, supported, and led Planned Parenthood in my community. 
For decades, I have admired these pillars of 
community, leaders in education, religion, business, and other civic affairs that provided the vision, the volunteer effort, and personal contributions to women’s health and reproduc-tive freedom. There is no question that be-cause of their efforts, tens of thousands of abortions never occurred in our community and those that did occur, did not result in harm to women. 
Because of their efforts, Oregon’s 11 
Planned Parenthood centers provided care to over 70,000 women in 2013, including over 25,000 breast and cervical cancer screenings. Nationally, Planned Parenthood cares for more than 2.5 million women annually. Planned Parenthood centers serve a greater share of safety-net clients than any other type of safety-net providers. Nearly 80 percent of women using Planned Parenthood have in-comes at or below 150 percent of poverty— these clinics offer affordable health care op-tions for women who may have no alternate source of care. 
The fact that we are engaged in a concerted 
assault against the provision of essential serv-ices to women, especially women of color and low-income status is appalling. If people would take the time, as I have, to visit these facili-ties, meet the employees, and most impor-tantly, know these community leaders that have made it possible to protect women’s health, to prevent countless abortions, and to promote wellbeing and education, would see the lies behind this heated rhetoric and mis-guided attacks. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE CLARINDA 
COMMUNITY THEATRE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate the Clarinda Community Theatre of Clarinda, Iowa for celebrating their 60th anniversary. The Community Theatre was founded in 1955 by a group of theatre enthusiasts. 
The mission of the Clarinda Community 
Theatre is to encourage and promote an inter-est in participating, observing, and supporting amateur theatre in the community of Clarinda. Clarinda resident Jolly Ann Davidson has played an important role in the success of the community theater. She felt it was important for Clarinda to have some form of live stage performances in town and has been the driv-ing force in bringing numerous productions to Clarinda for the community to enjoy. Jolly Ann has performed in many of the plays and has seen the theatre grow into a top-notch per-forming arts facility. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18SE8.023 E18SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1328 September 18, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I commend and congratulate 
the Clarinda Community Theatre for reaching this 60-year milestone. I am proud to rep-resent all those who have been involved in creating this outstanding theater. I urge my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating them on a job well done and wishing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING THE ACCOMPLISH-
MENTS OF MR. CHARLES DORCH 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. Charles Dorch, a remarkable leader whose passion for music and teaching has touched so many young people in Kansas City. Mr. Dorch attended Arkansas AM&N Uni-versity in Pine Bluff on a music scholarship, and then turned down a job in Detroit to teach in Kansas City at Southeast High School after his wife was hired at Paseo High School. As we celebrate the distinguished and acclaimed history of Southeast High School in Missouri’s Fifth District, it is necessary that Mr. Dorch be celebrated as well. His dedication to his stu-dents as the band director reached far beyond expectations. 
Starting at Southeast Junior High in 1970 
and continuing to Southeast High School in 1973, Mr. Dorch was a gift to the music de-partment of the Kansas City School District for over fifteen years. He was determined to revi-talize the band program at the high school, by encouraging students to enjoy playing music in and outside of the classroom. While he was band director, the high school participated in numerous publicized appearances, including varsity football games, pre-games, and half- time shows; annual American Royal parades; the once Kansas City Kings basketball games; and even a bicentennial half-time performance at the Kansas City Chiefs football game. The regard of the band program, under his leader-ship, is clear when looking at this list of strik-ing performances. 
In addition, Mr. Dorch led students through 
the jazz lab, stage band, and symphonic con-cert band. All of these opportunities were ways in which students could be involved in activities outside of the classroom. Prospects for students to perform at such occasions as the Goombay Festival on a Bahamas cruise, the nationally televised Republican National Convention at the Charlie Parker Center, or move on to compete in district or all-state bands, were all ways in which students were enthused to further appreciate music and con-tinue their education. 
Mr. Dorch urged students to pursue music 
beyond high school. He knew the importance of a college education, and many students continued on to schools such as Bishop Col-lege, Florida A&M, Langston University, and Prairie View A&M University, which I proudly call my alma mater. His effort to help his stu-dents’ musical interests did not stop with his students either. Mr. Dorch also created the Band Parents Association in order to get the students’ parents involved, as well as help with fundraising, which provided such amen-ities as new uniforms. His instruction through music also brought 
him to direct the St. James United Methodist Church choir for nine years. His musical apti-tude shined in his ability to not only prime and motivate the choir during worship, but also ex-pand their reach by adding instruments and genres of music to their ensemble. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me and our fellow 
colleagues in conveying our gratitude to a teacher, a man of worship, and a man of music. Mr. Charles Dorch has spread his pas-sion for music and has inspired thousands of his students, young and old alike. He has pro-vided them with opportunities to show off their full musical talent and adoration, where they may have not been able to before or under different guidance. We join the alumni and leadership of Southeast High School in hon-oring the accomplishments of Mr. Charles Dorch for his tireless enrichment of our com-munity and country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MICHAEL R. FREY 
ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RE-TIREMENT AS SULLY DISTRICT SUPERVISOR 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize and commend my former colleague Mi-chael R. Frey on the occasion of his retire-ment after a distinguished 38-year career in public service, culminating in his six terms rep-resenting the residents of the Sully District on the Fairfax County, Va., Board of Supervisors. 
Michael has represented the Sully District in 
western Fairfax since it was created following the 1990 census. Prior to seeking elected of-fice, he served 14 years as a staff member to former Springfield District Supervisor and Chairman Jack Herrity and former Springfield District Supervisor Elaine McConnell. The Sully District was carved largely out of the Springfield District, so Michael was intimately familiar with the community. I had the great pleasure of serving with him during my 14 years on the Board, first representing the Providence District and then as Chairman. 
Fairfax County is the largest local jurisdic-
tion in the Commonwealth of Virginia and the National Capital Region, and Michael had a front-row seat for much of that growth, particu-larly in the western part of the county, where the once sleepy rural community has become the largest magisterial district in the County. As a testament to his skill in working with those growing communities and managing the growth in Sully, Michael has chaired the Board’s Development Process Committee since 1992. 
In a career spanning four decades, Mi-
chael’s accomplishments are many, but let me cite just a few to convey the magnitude of the imprint he will leave on the community and our county. Michael and I both share a passion for history, and the Sully District is a historically- rich community. It is home to several land-marks, including the Centreville Historic Dis-trict and Park, which Michael helped to initiate and expand. The park contains remnants of one of the first fortifications constructed by the Confederate Army during the Civil War and was actually occupied by both sides during the conflict. He was instrumental in preserving his-
toric Mount Gilead and the Sears House as well. 
Michael was active in the effort to launch 
Centreville Days, an annual community festival that attracts families from throughout the re-gion. He championed the expansion of public facilities into western Fairfax, from new schools and libraries to parks and recreation centers to meet the explosive growth and de-mand from new residents. Of course, he was intimately involved in the project to construct the Sully District Police Station, in which his office is now located. I know I and the commu-nity will never forget the leadership and com-passion Michael displayed following the May 8, 2006, tragic shooting outside the station in which two officers were killed. 
For those who don’t know him, Michael has 
been a lifelong sports fan. He has coached youth baseball and basketball for multiple community sports leagues, and we worked to-gether during my tenure on the board to con-vert playing fields to synthetic turf in Fairfax to expand such opportunities for our youth. Mi-chael was active in the bid to lure a Major League Baseball team to Northern Virginia. He served on, and at one time chaired, the Vir-ginia Baseball Stadium Authority. As we all know, the team ultimately relocated into Washington, D.C., but the efforts of Michael and the Authority were instrumental in base-ball’s return to the National Capital Region. 
Of course, I cannot mention Michael without 
bringing up his steady canine companions. Since I’ve known him, Michael has owned a series of German shepherd rescue dogs—first Mosby, then Marley, and now Boomer—that have been a fixture by his side at community events and in his office. They made frequent appearances at Board meetings and retreats. Our love of animals is another shared bond, and I was pleased to work with Michael on various efforts to support the Fairfax County Animal Shelter and the construction of its new headquarters. 
During his tenure on the Board of Super-
visors, Michael has represented Fairfax on a number of regional organizations, including the Metropolitan Washington Council of Govern-ment’s Transportation Planning Board and the Environmental Quality Advisory Committee. He has served on the Inova Health Care Serv-ices Board. In addition, Michael has rep-resented Fairfax as part of regional or state-wide delegations traveling overseas. 
In fact, I had the pleasure of traveling with 
Michael to Israel as part of a trip hosted by the Jewish Community Relations Council, in which we visited the Dead Sea. Wanting to have the full experience, we thought we’d par-take in a mud bath, which we were assured held healing powers. Well, there’s a very un-fortunate picture of the two of us that will never see the light of day under a ‘‘mutual self-destruction pact’’ we’ve made and con-tinue to honor, and I will remind Michael that our agreement endures past his life in elected office. 
Mr. Speaker, Michael Frey’s commitment to 
our community and the mission of local gov-ernment is unparalleled. He leaves behind a legacy that will enrich our community for gen-erations to come. His career in public service is truly commendable and deserving of our heartfelt gratitude. When I was Chairman of the Board of Supervisors, Michael often heard me joke at retirement announcements that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18SE8.028 E18SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1329 September 18, 2015 
should not allow retirement for such talented 
and dedicated public servants. I know the resi-dents of the Sully District certainly wish that was the case here. I join the community in 
wishing Michael the best of luck in his retire-ment, and Task my colleagues in the House to join me in expressing our appreciation for his commitment and service to not just the Sully District but all of Fairfax County. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHARLIE AND RUTH 
DIX 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Charlie and Ruth Dix of Council Bluffs, on the very 
special occasion of their 60th wedding anni-versary. Charlie and Ruth were married in 1955. 
Charlie and Ruth’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their children, Cheryl, Eric, Mark, Andy and Paula, their grandchildren, and great-grandchildren truly embodies Iowa values. I salute this devoted couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous oc-casion. I wish them and their family all the best moving forward. REGARDING THE ABSENCE OF 
REPRESENTATIVE WAGNER 
HON. ANN WAGNER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, September 18, 2015 
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, 
September 14, my family and I said goodbye to a remarkable woman, my mother, Ruth Ann Trousdale. A devoted wife to our father, Earl, for 51 years until his death in 2012, she was a strong woman with an even stronger faith. As we mourn her passing, we also find com-fort in knowing she is in the arms of our Lord and reunited with her beloved Earl, whom she missed so much. She was an inspiration to us all, and we will hold her memory in our hearts until we are reunited in heaven. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18SE8.030 E18SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D992 Friday, September 18, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-
journed until 2 p.m., on Monday, September 21, 2015. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 27 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3556–3582; and 4 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 78; and H. Res. 430–432 were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H6177–80 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6180–81 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
S. 136, to amend chapter 21 of title 5, United 
States Code, to provide that fathers of certain perma-nently disabled or deceased veterans shall be in-cluded with mothers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service (H. Rept. 114–263); 
H.R. 3089, to close out expired grants, and for 
other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–264); and 
H.R. 692, to ensure the payment of interest and 
principal of the debt of the United States (H. Rept. 114–265).
                                                                      Page H6177 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Ros-Lehtinen to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H6141 
Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act: The House passed H.R. 3504, to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practi-tioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion, by a yea-and-nay vote of 248 yeas to 177 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 506.
                                                   Pages H6143–52, H6167 
H. Res. 421, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 3134) to provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federa-
tion of America, Inc. and (H.R. 3504) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion, was agreed to yester-day, September 17th. 
Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015: The 
House passed H.R. 3134, to provide for a morato-rium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Fed-eration of America, Inc., by a recorded vote of 241 ayes to 187 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 505.
                                                                Pages H6152–67 
Reject the Esty motion to recommit the bill the 
bill to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and- nay vote of 183 yeas to 245 nays, Roll No. 504. 
                                                                                    Pages H6165–66 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment printed in 
H. Rept. 114–262 shall be considered as adopted. 
                                                                                            Page H6152 
H. Res. 421, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 3134) to provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federa-tion of America, Inc. and (H.R. 3504) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper 
degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion, was agreed to yester-day, September 17th. 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, September 22nd and further, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18SE5.REC D18SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D993 September 18, 2015 
when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to 
meet at 8:30 a.m. on Thursday, September 24th. 
                                                                                            Page H6175 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6165–66, H6166–67 and H6167. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 2:11 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
IMPROVING THE MEDICAID PROGRAM 
FOR BENEFICIARIES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Improving the Med-icaid Program for Beneficiaries’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MAKING DHS MORE EFFICIENT: INDUSTRY 
RECOMMENDATIONS TO IMPROVE HOMELAND SECURITY 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Management Efficiency held a hearing entitled ‘‘Making DHS More Efficient: Industry Rec-ommendations to Improve Homeland Security’’. Tes-
timony was heard from public witnesses. 
NEON WARNING SIGNS: EXAMINING THE 
MANAGEMENT OF THE NATIONAL ECOLOGICAL OBSERVATORY NETWORK 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Research and Technology; and Sub-committee on Oversight, held a joint hearing enti-
tled ‘‘NEON Warning Signs: Examining the Man-agement of the National Ecological Observatory Network’’. Testimony was heard from James L. Olds, Assistant Director, Directorate for Biological Sciences, National Science Foundation; and a public witness. 
DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY AND 
THE DEFENSE CLANDESTINE SERVICE 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Sub-
committee on Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Architecture held a hearing on the Defense Intelligence Agency and the Defense Clan-destine Service. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 21, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18SE5.REC D18SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD994 September 18, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
2 p.m., Monday, September 21 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration 
of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 36, Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
4 p.m., Tuesday, September 22 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma 
session at 4 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1317, E1318 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E1323 Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E1327 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1322, E1324, E1327 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1320 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E1319 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E1328 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1326 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E1328 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1323, E1325, E1327 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E1319, E1321 
DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E1319 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E1326 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1326 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1318, E1318, E1319, E1320, E1320, 
E1321, E1321 
Kato, John, N.Y., E1318 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1325 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1317 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E1324 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E1322, E1324 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1325 Poliquin, Bruce, Me., E1317 
Rooney, Thomas J., Fla., E1318, E1322 Thompson, Glenn, Pa., E1322 Tiberi, Patrick J., Ohio, E1320 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1317 Wagner, Ann, Mo., E1329 Welch, Peter, Vt., E1326 Young, David, Iowa, E1322, E1323, E1324, E1325, E1325, 
E1326, E1326, E1327, E1327, E1329 
Young, Don, Alaska, E1319, E1320, E1321, E1321 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Sep 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D18SE5.REC D18SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST