Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7191 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 27, 2015 No. 158 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. V
ALADAO ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
October 27, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable D AVID G. 
VALADAO to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
THE SPEAKER’S RACE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-
er, between 2000 and 2014, in the 16 to 65 age bracket, although the American economy created 5.6 million net new jobs, American-born citizens lost 127,000 jobs. All job gains in America— and more—went to people born in for-eign countries. 
In 2012, 51 percent of households 
headed by immigrants relied on welfare compared to 30 percent of households headed by someone born in America, thus driving up America’s deficits and 
driving down America’s ability to pay for safety nets for Americans. 
This week I vote on P
AULRYAN’s bid 
for House Speaker. While P AUL RYAN 
has excellent communication skills, is charismatic, understands the economic risk of out-of-control deficits, and the like, P
AUL RYAN and I have a major 
disagreement on border security. 
Last week, on October 22, P AUL 
RYAN, I, and others met about his can-
didacy. Border security was discussed. Thereafter, I hand-delivered to P
AUL 
RYAN, on the House floor, at, roughly, 
4 p.m., a letter that states: 
‘‘Paul: Struggling American families 
have lost more than 8 million job op-portunities to illegal aliens. All lower and middle income American workers have suffered from suppressed wages caused by the surge in both illegal alien and lawful immigrant labor sup-ply. 
‘‘Your past record and current stance 
on immigration conflicts with the val-ues of the Americans I represent and causes great concern to me and the Americans I represent. 
‘‘Yesterday during discussions about 
the Speaker race, you made two rep-resentations about immigration that stood out. They are: 
‘‘1. It is unwise or unproductive to 
bring up any immigration legislation so long as Barack Obama is President. 
‘‘2. As Speaker, you will not allow 
any immigration bill to reach the House Floor for a vote unless the im-migration bill is ‘supported by a major-ity of the majority’ of Republican House Members. 
‘‘Although you talk faster than I can 
write your words down, I believe the above statements properly reflect what you said. I send this letter to confirm that I accurately portray your remarks 
and that I may rely on them when the House Floor Vote for Speaker occurs next week. 
‘‘If my portrayal of your words errs 
in any respect, please deliver to me (before the GOP Conference meeting 
next week in which we are to conduct Speaker elections) a written commu-nication correcting my errors. 
‘‘If I do not receive such a commu-
nication from you, then I will infer that you concur that my portrayal of your remarks is accurate and that I, and the rest of the GOP Conference, and the American people, may rely on your words as I have written them. 
‘‘I need your assurance that you will 
not use the Speaker’s position to ad-vance your immigration policies, ex-cept when in accord with the two above statements, because there is a huge gap between your immigration position and the wishes of the American citizens I represent. Your words yesterday con-stitute the needed assurance. 
‘‘If your assurances as I have por-
trayed them are accurate, then I am much more comfortable voting for you for Speaker on the House Floor (and will do so, absent something startling coming to my attention between now and the election, which I don’t antici-pate). 
‘‘If, however, you would use the 
Speaker’s chair to advance an immi-gration belief system that is unaccept-able to the Americans I represent, it will be very difficult for me to vote for you for Speaker on the House Floor. 
‘‘To be clear, I intend to publicly 
share this letter and your responding letter, if any, to help explain to my constituents why I voted as I did on the House Floor in the Speaker’s election. 
‘‘Thank you for considering the con-
tents of this letter.’’ 
At roughly 5:20 p.m., P
AUL RYAN 
called me and stated that my letter ac-curately portrayed his immigration representations. P
AULRYAN confirmed 
that he meant what he said and would keep his word. 
Based on P
AUL RYAN’s representa-
tions and my trust that P AULRYANis 
a man of his word, I will vote for P AUL 
RYANfor House Speaker on the House 
floor if he is the Republican nominee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.000 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7192 October 27, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I submit this letter for 
the R ECORD . 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 22, 2015. 
Hand-delivered on House Floor to Paul Ryan 
at approx. 4 p.m., 10/22/15 
Paul Ryan called Mo and confirmed accuracy 
of letter via phone at 5:20 p.m. (during staff meeting) 
Re: Immigration Positions & Speaker Race. 
Hon. P
AULRYAN, 
Chairman, Ways and Means Committee. 
PAUL: Struggling American families have 
lost more than 8 million job opportunities to illegal aliens. All lower and middle income American workers have suffered from sup-pressed wages caused by the surge in both il-legal alien and lawful immigrant labor sup-ply. 
Your past record and current stance on im-
migration conflicts with the values of the Americans I represent and causes great con-cern to me and the Americans I represent. 
Yesterday during discussions about the 
Speaker race, you made two representations about immigration that stood out. They are: 
1. It is unwise or unproductive to bring up 
any immigration legislation so long as Barack Obama is President. 
2. As Speaker, you will not allow any im-
migration bill to reach the House Floor for a vote unless the immigration bill is ‘‘sup-ported by a majority of the majority‘‘ of Re-publican House Members. 
Although you talk faster than I can write 
your words down, I believe the above state-ments properly reflect what you said. I send this letter to confirm that I accurately por-tray your remarks and that I may rely on them when the House Floor Vote for Speaker occurs next week. 
If my portrayal of your words errs in any 
respect, please deliver to me (before the GOP Conference meeting next week in which we are to conduct Speaker elections) a written communication correcting my errors. 
If I do not receive such a communication 
from you, then I will infer that you concur that my portrayal of your remarks is accu-rate and that I, and the rest of the GOP Con-ference, and the American people, may rely on your words as I have written them. 
I need your assurance that you will not use 
the Speaker’s position to advance your im-migration policies, except when in accord with the two above statements, because there is a huge gap between your immigra-tion position and the wishes of the American citizens I represent. Your words yesterday constitute the needed assurance. 
If your assurances as I have portrayed 
them are accurate, then I am much more comfortable voting for you for Speaker on the House Floor (and will do so, absence something startling coming to my attention between now and the election, which I don’t anticipate). 
If, however, you would use the Speaker’s 
chair to advance an immigration belief sys-tem that is unacceptable to the Americans I represent, it will be very difficult for me to vote for you for Speaker on the House Floor. 
To be clear, I intend to publicly share this 
letter and your responding letter, if any, to help explain to my constituents why I voted as I did on the House Floor in the Speaker’s election. 
Thank you for considering the contents of 
this letter. 
Sincerely, 
M
ORRIS J. ‘‘M O’’ BROOKS , Jr., 
M.C., AL–5. A BIPARTISAN MAJORITY—A NEW 
PRECEDENT FOR SOLVING PROB-LEMS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, for 
the first time in over a dozen years, an unusual legislative procedure—a dis-charge petition—has been successfully mounted in the House. This is an ex-traordinary effort to allow the House to work its will—a mechanism that was part of a package of reform, dating back over a century, to deal with the iron rule of Speaker Joe Cannon. The subject of the petition, the Ex-Im Bank, was almost as obscure as the procedure that brought it to the House. 
This is an agency that for over 70 
years has provided financing for trans-actions similar to which all of our com-petitor nations provide their exporting companies. In this case, American companies will have the credit tools that will enable them to cost-effec-tively engage in international trans-actions that other private institutions won’t finance because of political or commercial risks. 
Even if providing this service meant 
a modest exposure to the taxpayer, which might occasionally cost money, it was probably worth it to have the businesses support good-paying Amer-ican jobs and to be able to compete with foreign companies. 
Yes, it would be worth it. It is not 
just a low-risk proposition. The Ex-Im Bank is a service that has made bil-lions of dollars for the United States Treasury. It turns a profit—about $2 million in the last 2 fiscal years. 
This is interesting—a service that all 
of our competitor nations provide their companies. It hasn’t cost the taxpayers any money. In fact, it makes money for the Treasury. Why was it allowed to expire? 
This is another example of where a 
minority of the House, for ideological reasons, decided they were going to take over the process. In this case, they were going to kill the Ex-Im Bank. They did so over the objections of the administration, of the business community, of many Members of Con-gress, of people in organized labor. 
It was hard to maintain decorum dur-
ing last night’s debate when the chair of the committee complained that, somehow, by approving the discharge petition and the procedural motions that followed, we were stifling the will of the House. I smiled as people la-mented that they would not be able to offer amendments. Members came to the floor, saying they had amendments they wished they could offer and now they were being shut out. 
How ironic. His committee had no intention of al-
lowing the House to participate in the give-and-take of legislation he was la-menting was slipping away. His com-mittee didn’t allow this proposal to come to the floor. The committee did not amend and refine the Ex-Im Bank. 
The committee killed it by having the authorization expire without giving the whole House a chance to be part of that decision. 
Now the people who were caught on 
the wrong side of the majority of the House, with a losing argument and a minority position, were suddenly con-cerned that the House was being shut out. They had been shutting out the House for the last 2 years. They had de-nied efforts at reform. Only when their hand was forced did they somehow re-sort to the most specious of arguments. This is like, as they say, the person who kills his parents and then pleads for mercy from the court because he is an orphan. 
There is no reform because they 
didn’t want reform. They were the ones who shut the House out. Now, because of the courageous action by a bipar-tisan group, led by our Republican col-leagues—eloquently and bravely—the House will no longer be shut out. American business will be stronger; and the House has demonstrated that there sometimes will be opportunities for a bipartisan majority to have its in-terests represented. 
We can only hope that this sets a 
precedent for how we solve other prob-lems, from raising the debt ceiling, to dealing with budgets, to rebuilding and renewing America. Involve the entire House—solutions are possible—and America will be better served. 
f 
THE TRIUMPH OF EVIL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, last Thursday, President Obama used his veto power for the fifth time since taking office. This time, it was to reject the $612 billion defense authorization bill: H.R. 1735, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. 
President Obama vetoed the defense 
bill on the same day that an American was killed in Iraq. With so much uncer-tainty and conflict around the world, I would have expected our President to have understood the importance of sup-porting this bipartisan defense bill. This veto is inexcusable. Not only is this a blatant show of disrespect for our troops, but it is disrespect for our Nation. 
The National Defense Authorization 
Act also contains key provisions that 
will greatly benefit my State of West Virginia. The provisions include the drug interdiction and counterdrug pro-gram, the National Guard State Part-nership Program, and $3.9 million in funding for the Charleston, West Vir-ginia, Air National Guard Base. 
It is shortsighted and wrong that the 
President refused to sign this critical defense bill. The bill gives our troops essential resources, but President Obama vetoed it because he wants con-cessions in other areas of government spending. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.002 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7193 October 27, 2015 
It is time to stop playing politics 
with our military. I urge my colleagues in the House and Senate to join to-gether to override this veto. 
Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, I 
stood on the floor of this Chamber and shared the stories of my constituents who have family members in Syria who are experiencing the political turmoil that is seen on the news daily. These stories paint a disturbing picture of what life is like in Syria right now. 
Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad is 
inflicting a reign of terror on his own people that include the worst kinds of torture, the repeated uses of chemical weapons bombardments, and the siege and starvation of innocent people. Assad has killed more than 130,000 of his own people and has forced an addi-tional 3 to 4 million to flee the coun-try. 
These problems have been exacer-
bated by the failure of leadership from the United States of America. It is not just that Obama has a bad plan for how to handle the crisis in Syria. It is that he has no plan at all. 
Edmund Burke once said: ‘‘All that is 
necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.’’ 
That is exactly what the Obama ad-
ministration has done: nothing. Evil is triumphing because of it. Innocent peo-ple will continue to die if we do not act now. We must take the first step and establish a no-fly zone so that Assad cannot continue to bomb his own peo-ple from the sky. It is so photos like these won’t be commonplace in our news. 
This critical action will help, but we 
have to do more. I call upon this ad-ministration to wake up to that fact. 
f 
b1015 
A POWERFUL COALITION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, over 
the last several weeks, I visited six high schools in my district to meet with juniors and seniors, about 2,000 students in total. 
Almost all of the students I meet are 
U.S. citizens. The majority are Latinos. Some have immigrant par-ents, and most will soon be eligible to vote. 
All of them have one question for me. 
It starts every Q and A at every high school I visit. The questions are about Donald Trump. Is he going to be our next President? Is it true that he wants to revoke our citizenship and deport us to the countries our parents came from? Is it true he wants to round us up, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , and deport us all? 
It is very sad when the questions a 
Congressman gets from American high school students are about how much they should fear their own government, whether their own government is going to break up their families, whether their own government is going to treat them not as citizens and as equal part-
ners, but as outsiders and pariahs in their own country. 
When they hear that Trump is ‘‘lead-
ing in the polls,’’ they think that means there is a pretty good chance that he will be the next President. When they see him on TV shows like Jimmy Fallon, not to mention CNN and Fox News, they get the feeling that he is a celebrity that all of us in Amer-ica admire. 
When they hear that Trump is 
hosting ‘‘Saturday Night Live’’—not just being a guest but actually hosting, even after saying Mexican are mostly rapists, criminals, and drug dealers— they get the impression that calling whole groups of people rapists, crimi-nals, and drug dealers based on their ethnicity or national origin is basically okay with us in America. 
The real question these Chicago-area 
high school students have is: Hey, G
UTIE´RREZ , what are you going to do to 
defend us from Donald Trump? What are you going to do to stand up for us? 
This leads to an intense discussion 
about American politics. And I ask the students right back: What are you going to do to stand up for yourselves, for your community? 
Look, motivating 17- and 18-year-olds 
to do something is not always easy, in-cluding motivating them to register to vote when they are old enough and to actually go out and vote. But when I ask these young Americans whether they plan to get registered and vote, every hand goes up in the classroom. 
Donald Trump is spurring youth 
voter mobilization like I have never seen before. Nationally, we know that 93 percent of Latinos under the age of 18 are citizens of the United States and that every 30 seconds a Latino citizen turns 18. That is about a million a year for the next decade or so. If they are half as motivated as the young people I am talking to in Chicago, Donald Trump could have a tremendous im-pact on the youth vote in the coming election. 
But let’s be honest, do we really want 
to motivate civic participation through fear of deportation, racial profiling, and families being broken up? These are American teenagers 
growing up to distrust their govern-ment. 
Trump wants to take us back to the 
good old days of race relations, which apparently means the 1950s, when President Eisenhower evicted millions of immigrants and U.S. citizens from the United States. Dr. Carson, who be-lieves that human history is only about 5,000 years old—that is what he says, we have only been around 5,000 years—says of mass deportation schemes: ‘‘I think it’s worth dis-cussing.’’ 
Here in the House, we have consid-
ered measures to deport children more quickly, to make groups more distrust-ful of the police, and to delay Home-land Security funding. 
Testifying on one of these bills before 
the Rules Committee last year, I made the unfortunate but real suggestion 
that Republicans were gravitating to-ward mass deportation policies, which provoked a response from the chair-man, Mr. S
ESSIONS . He said: 
GUTIE´RREZ , ‘‘there is no one in respon-
sible Republican leadership that has said we should deport 13 or 11 million people. And I find it extremely dis-tasteful that people would come here and suggest things that we have not suggested.’’ 
Well, now that people are suggesting 
mass deportation openly and are gain-ing in the public opinion polls in the Republican Party, I wonder why there is so much silence from the Republican Members of this body. 
But it is not just young Latino voters 
in Chicago that are being motivated by Republican attacks. When Republicans attack Planned Parenthood and block laws to guarantee equal pay for women, that motivates women to reg-ister and vote. When Republicans cele-brate people who will not issue mar-riage licenses to two men or two women, a lot of people in the LGBT community get motivated to register and vote. 
When Republicans rail against unions 
and block increases in the minimum wage, while, of course, they earn $174,000 a year, and block environ-mental standards and block sensible gun laws, a lot of working class and middle class Americans get motivated to register and vote. 
Together with those young people I 
talked about at those high schools, we are forming a very, very powerful coa-lition, a coalition so powerful that some day, even Republicans themselves will want to be part of it. 
f 
HOLDING THE EPA ACCOUNTABLE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to bring awareness to the reckless acts of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
On August 5, 2015, the EPA triggered 
the release of millions of gallons of 
toxic waste into the Animas River near Durango, Colorado, containing lead, ar-senic, and other pollutants. 
Originally, contaminated water was 
seeping into the Gold King Mine from another nearby mine. When the Gold King Mine owner refused to allow the EPA on his property, the EPA threat-ened to fine him up to $35,000 a day—let me repeat—$35,000 a day for a leak that wasn’t coming from the owner’s mine. It was only after these thuggish threats that he was forced to let the EPA on his property. 
In fact, as recently as last week, in-
vestigators from the Interior Depart-ment concluded their independent in-vestigation into the August spill and determined that the spill was prevent-ible and occurred due to the actions of the EPA. The best that EPA adminis-trator Gina McCarthy could do is say 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.003 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7194 October 27, 2015 
that she was ‘‘deeply sorry’’ and that 
the spill was a ‘‘tragic and unfortunate accident.’’ That is not all: there was no accountability, no reparation, nothing. 
How can the American people trust a 
government agency charged with pro-tecting our environment when the same Agency is responsible for causing even more damage? Actions speak louder than words. This is more of the same from the EPA. They are another arm of the Federal Government look-ing to bully private citizens, but this is nothing new from the EPA. 
Almost a decade ago, a gentleman 
from my district faced a costly, almost devastating battle with the EPA. Mr. Paul McKnight owned an old cotton warehouse in Senoia, Georgia. After a former deadbeat tenant of Mr. McKnight, who had already been re-sponsible for the EPA spending $1.6 million in a brownfield cleanup, could not afford to remove 2,000 barrels of toxic waste from this warehouse that Mr. McKnight knew did not exist, the EPA was called in to inspect the build-ing by some anonymous caller who said that they could smell a leak. Once the EPA got there, their inspector said they couldn’t smell a leak. There was no leak, but they did find 2,000 barrels containing toxic material. 
Without Mr. McKnight’s knowledge, 
the EPA declared this warehouse an ‘‘imminent fire hazard’’ and cleaned up the chemicals at a cost of $800,000, even though the previous tenant had a bid of 170. Later, at a public forum, an EPA representative stated that the EPA had the funds to clean up the warehouse, only to bill Mr. McKnight later for that overpriced cleanup. Not only did they bill him for the overpriced clean-up, but they sought over $1 million in cleanup fees and placed a lien on his real estate holdings, including his farm and his home. 
I helped Mr. McKnight to get the 
case reconsidered. After 8 years in court, he was able to get it reduced down to $600,000. 
The EPA shouldn’t use legal loop-
holes and cower behind exemptions at the cost of taxpayers and, not only that, to charge somebody that had no knowledge of the barrels even being there, rather than the man who put the barrels there. This gentleman served 1 year and 4 months in Federal prison for this. It was his second offense, and yet Mr. McKnight was fined over $1 mil-lion. 
That is why I have introduced three 
bills over the last 2 months targeting the EPA. My bills: H.R. 3531, No Ex-emptions for EPA Act; H.R. 3655, EPA Pays Act; and H.R. 3699, Judgment Fund Taxpayer Accountability Act are all aimed at holding the EPA to the same standards and requirements as private citizens. 
My bills remove these legal loopholes 
for the EPA and force them to repay the Federal Government for any dam-ages the EPA causes. If I were to acci-dentally cause the same disaster, do you think that I would get off by just saying ‘‘I’m sorry and I promise not to 
do it again’’? That is why we have in-troduced these three bills. 
So I ask my colleagues to, please, 
join me in holding the EPA account-able in any future accidents by sup-porting H.R. 3531, 3655, and 3699. 
f 
DEBT CEILING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, in 1983, 
President Ronald Reagan wrote to then-Senate Majority Leader Howard Baker, urging him to raise the debt ceiling. In his letter, he said: ‘‘The risks, the costs, the disruptions, and the incalculable damage lead me to but one conclusion: The Senate must pass this legislation before the Congress ad-journs.’’ 
Twenty-three years later, we now 
find ourselves 1 week away from de-faulting on our debt for the first time in our Nation’s history. Instead of making sure we preserve the full faith and credit of the United States, as President Reagan had done 18 times during his tenure, some want to hold our economy hostage to extract ideo-logical wins. 
This is not the time for partisan 
bickering and political gamesmanship, not when it means delaying Social Se-curity benefits for seniors and those with disabilities, withholding pay-checks from our brave Active Duty servicemembers, and postponing inter-est payments on government-issued bonds. 
We have a responsibility to live up to 
our obligations no matter what. That is not politics; it is basic governing. 
The longer we wait to meet our obli-
gations and raise the debt ceiling, the closer we get to another credit rating downgrade, a spike in interest rates, and a severe slowdown in economic growth. This is not an overstatement. 
Let’s look back at what happened in 
2013 during the last debt ceiling stand-off. Just the possibility of default caused rates on Treasuries to rise by almost half a percentage point. That cost taxpayers as much as $70 million. 
This time around, if we actually de-
fault, market forecasters estimate that interest payments on Treasuries would increase Federal deficits by $10 billion over the short term and by $70 billion a year after that. That is money that wouldn’t be going to critical invest-ments in research and development, education, and infrastructure. 
On top of that, higher interest rates 
on Treasuries could lead to a 1 percent reduction in GDP. That would mean the loss of almost 700,000 jobs, and that is just a conservative estimate. 
Make no mistake, every American 
would be impacted. Middle class fami-lies looking to buy a home would face higher mortgage rates. A half a per-centage point increase in mortgage rates would increase the lifetime cost of an average home loan by almost $19,000. Small-business owners would 
face difficulties trying to secure new loans as lending tightens up. And stu-dents will have an even harder time trying to pay for college as student loan rates skyrocket. 
We owe it to our constituents to 
move toward responsible governing and away from governing by crisis, which has become all too common around here. 
The bipartisan budget package un-
veiled last night affirms the full faith and credit of the United States and represents real progress for hard-working American families who are tired of threats of default and partisan gridlock. 
Now is not the time for politics. Now 
is the time for thoughtful consider-ation, bipartisan compromise, and, most importantly, finding a path for-ward for the American people. 
f 
BREAST CANCER AWARENESS 
MONTH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, this is the 
last week of National Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Before it ends, I would tell the American people about two amazing women from Sugar Land, Texas, two good friends of my family, two women who are here for a reason, two people who are touching others in need, two people who are making a dif-ference. 
b1030 
Meet Irma and Sasha. Stunning, 
aren’t they? They are related. They look like sisters, but they are not. They are mother and daughter. The mom, Irma, is on the left. Her baby girl, Sasha, is on the right. Irma and Sasha are sisters in a cause. Both have fought breast cancer, and both have won. 
Each year over 200,000 American 
women hear four crushing words: You have breast cancer. Irma feared those words because she knew they may be coming. Both of her sisters heard those four words. One died. 
Irma beat her cancer, but lived in 
fear. With her family’s history of breast cancer, her daughter had a good chance of hearing those four terrible words. Five years after Irma beat breast cancer, Sasha banged on her door, crying without end. She was 31, and she had aggressive breast cancer. 
Irma was by Sasha’s side every sec-
ond of her fight against cancer. Mom watched her daughter lose each breast. Mom watched her daughter go through 16 rounds of harsh chemotherapy. Mom watched her daughter lose all of her hair, her eyebrows, her eyelashes. Mom watched her daughter lose that smile. Sasha thought that she was no longer beautiful. Her will to fight was decreas-ing. 
Irma took charge. She told Sasha 
that ‘‘no matter how sick you feel, get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.005 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7195 October 27, 2015 
up, shower, and put some lipstick on. 
You are beautiful.’’ 
Then it hit both of them. They were 
women of style and grace. Cancer took that away. The only wigs they could find looked good on circus clowns. There was not a beauty shop for women with breast cancer, a place where they are pampered, a place where they are beautiful. They were going to end that. 
Dad had no choice. He gave Sasha his 
life savings, and in 2013 my wife and I walked into our friends’ dream store, Cure & Co., on its opening day. Cure & Co. gives women with cancer real wigs, real facials, and real beauty products. Sasha and Irma give their clients hope and love in the worst of times, the greatest gifts of all. 
Look one last time at Irma and 
Sasha. They are gorgeous, stunning, and beautiful. They have had breast cancer. Both of them have beaten breast cancer, and both of them will never leave the fight until breast can-cer is cured forever. 
f 
REFUGEE CRISIS IN EUROPE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, last week 
I came to the floor and recommended that the Obama administration appoint a special envoy with a very broad port-folio: dispatched to work on a diplo-matic solution to the tragedy that is destroying Syria and unfolding in the Middle East, now having broad impact in greater Europe. 
I want to point out to those who are 
listening that the displacement crisis in the Middle East, centered in Syria, has consumed seven nations and pro-pelled the largest refugee crisis Europe has faced since World War II. Already in Syria, over a quarter of a million people have been killed—civilians—and that is probably a low number. 
With over 12 million people displaced, 
Europe is being besieged by hundreds of thousands, legions, of the dispossessed. Meanwhile, it almost seems surreal that no effective diplomatic negotia-tion is underway that holds the pros-pect of leading to peace. 
I again ask the Obama administra-
tion to dispatch a special envoy with a broad portfolio to work full time on a diplomatic solution to the tragedy that is destroying Syria. 
Then yesterday in The New York 
Times appeared an editorial by the leg-endary 39th President of the United States, Jimmy Carter, entitled ‘‘A Plan to End the Syrian Crisis.’’ I served President Carter during his years in the Presidency. 
I well remember the incredible mo-
ment in 1979 when President Carter stood with Anwar Sadat, the President of Egypt, and the Prime Minister of Israel, Menachem Begin, and they signed that treaty in March of 1979. Who would have ever thought that that moment in history would have been possible? Yet, until today, that treaty holds between Egypt and Israel, and it 
has made a gigantic difference in the saving of lives in that extremely trou-bled region. 
In his editorial to The New York 
Times, President Carter references that the Carter Center—which he founded and to which he has dedicated his life with his wife Rosalyn ever since his service as President—has been deeply involved in Syria since the early 1980s. Who would know more than he? 
He recommends the only real chance 
of ending the conflict is to engage the United States, Russia, Iran, Turkey, and Saudi Arabia in preparing a com-prehensive peace protocol with Syria. He knows what that requires. He rec-ommends a cease-fire, formation of a unity government, constitutional re-forms, and elections. 
Mr. Speaker, I include for today’s 
R
ECORD the editorial entitled ‘‘A Plan 
to End the Syrian Crisis.’’ 
I say to my colleagues and to those 
who are listening: As we watch this tragedy unfold, our Nation is the most powerful nation in the world. Surely, we should have the wisdom and the will to take this latest tragedy, which we had no small part in precipitating, and find a way to bring the parties to the table. 
What is happening in Syria due to 
the lack of a diplomatic solution is now impacting Europe in ways that we have not seen since World War II. It is very destabilizing. 
With what is happening inside 
Ukraine today due to Russia’s inva-sion, with over 1.7 million displaced persons internally, if Russia would happen to turn the tourniquet tighter in eastern Ukraine and cause addi-tional displacement across Europe, imagine what the winter months would bring. 
I can’t urge in strong enough terms 
that the Obama administration pay heed to President Carter’s very lucid editorial in yesterday’s New York Times. I commend all Members and citizens to read it. 
[From the New York Times, Oct. 26, 2015] 
A PLANTOEND THE SYRIAN CRISIS  
(By Jimmy Carter) 
I have known Bashar al-Assad, the presi-
dent of Syria, since he was a college student in London, and have spent many hours nego-tiating with him since he has been in office. This has often been at the request of the United States government during those many times when our ambassadors have been withdrawn from Damascus because of diplo-matic disputes. 
Bashar and his father, Hafez, had a policy 
of not speaking to anyone at the American Embassy during those periods of estrange-ment, but they would talk to me. I noticed that Bashar never referred to a subordinate for advice or information. His most per-sistent characteristic was stubbornness; it was almost psychologically impossible for him to change his mind—and certainly not when under pressure. 
Before the revolution began in March 2011, 
Syria set a good example of harmonious rela-tions among its many different ethnic and religious groups, including Arabs, Kurds, Greeks, Armenians and Assyrians who were 
Christians, Jews, Sunnis, Alawites and Shi-ites. The Assad family had ruled the country since 1970, and was very proud of this rel-ative harmony among these diverse groups. 
When protesters in Syria demanded long 
overdue reforms in the political system, President Assad saw this as an illegal revolu-tionary effort to overthrow his ‘‘legitimate’’ regime and erroneously decided to stamp it out by using unnecessary force. Because of many complex reasons, he was supported by his military forces, most Christians, Jews, Shiite Muslims, Alawites and others who feared a takeover by radical Sunni Muslims. The prospect for his overthrow was remote. 
The Carter Center had been deeply in-
volved in Syria since the early 1980s, and we shared our insights with top officials in Washington, seeking to preserve an oppor-tunity for a political solution to the rapidly growing conflict. Despite our persistent but confidential protests, the early American po-sition was that the first step in resolving the dispute had to be the removal of Mr. Assad from office. Those who knew him saw this as a fruitless demand, but it has been main-tained for more than four years. In effect, our prerequisite for peace efforts has been an impossibility. 
Kofi Annan, the former United Nations 
secretary general, and Lakhdar Brahimi, a former Algerian foreign minister, tried to end the conflict as special representatives of the United Nations, but abandoned the effort as fruitless because of incompatibilities among America, Russia and other nations re-garding the status of Mr. Assad during a peace process. 
In May 2015, a group of global leaders 
known as the Elders visited Moscow, where we had detailed discussions with the Amer-ican ambassador, former President Mikhail S. Gorbachev, former Prime Minister Yevgeny M. Primakov, Foreign Minister Sergey V. Lavrov and representatives of international think tanks, including the Moscow branch of the Carnegie Center. 
They pointed out the longstanding part-
nership between Russia and the Assad re-gime and the great threat of the Islamic State to Russia, where an estimated 14 per-cent of its population are Sunni Muslims. Later, I questioned President Putin about his support for Mr. Assad, and about his two sessions that year with representatives of factions from Syria. He replied that little progress had been made, and he thought that the only real chance of ending the conflict was for the United States and Russia to be joined by Iran, Turkey and Saudi Arabia in preparing a comprehensive peace proposal. He believed that all factions in Syria, except the Islamic State, would accept almost any plan endorsed strongly by these five, with Iran and Russia supporting Mr. Assad and the other three backing the opposition. With his approval, I relayed this suggestion to Washington. 
For the past three years, the Carter Center 
has been working with Syrians across polit-ical divides, armed opposition group leaders and diplomats from the United Nations and Europe to find a political path for ending the conflict. This effort has been based on data- driven research about the Syrian catas-trophe that the center has conducted, which reveals the location of different factions and clearly shows that neither side in Syria can prevail militarily. 
The recent decision by Russia to support 
the Assad regime with airstrikes and other military forces has intensified the fighting, raised the level of armaments and may in-crease the flow of refugees to neighboring countries and Europe. At the same time, it has helped to clarify the choice between a political process in which the Assad regime 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.006 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7196 October 27, 2015 
assumes a role and more war in which the Is-
lamic State becomes an even greater threat to world peace. With these clear alter-natives, the five nations mentioned above could formulate a unanimous proposal. Un-fortunately, differences among them persist. 
Iran outlined a general four-point sequence 
several months ago, consisting of a cease- fire, formation of a unity government, con-stitutional reforms and elections. Working through the United Nations Security Council and utilizing a five-nation proposal, some mechanism could be found to implement these goals. 
The involvement of Russia and Iran is es-
sential. Mr. Assad’s only concession in four years of war was giving up chemical weap-ons, and he did so only under pressure from Russia and Iran. Similarly, he will not end the war by accepting concessions imposed by the West, but is likely to do so if urged by his allies. 
Mr. Assad’s governing authority could 
then be ended in an orderly process, an ac-ceptable government established in Syria, and a concerted effort could then be made to stamp out the threat of the Islamic State. 
The needed concessions are not from the 
combatants in Syria, but from the proud na-tions that claim to want peace but refuse to cooperate with one another. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 39 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
God of wisdom, we give You thanks 
for giving us another day. 
Prior to the Great Compromise, Ben-
jamin Franklin addressed the Constitu-tional Convention: ‘‘We indeed seem to feel our own want of political wisdom, since we have been running about in search of it. In this situation of this as-sembly, groping as it were in the dark to find political truth and scarce able to distinguish it when presented to us, have we now forgotten (our) powerful friend?’’ 
Lord, You are the powerful friend re-
ferred to by Franklin, and we turn again to You to ask that Your wisdom might break through the political dis-cussions of these days. 
Bless the Members of the people’s 
House and all of Congress with the in-sight and foresight to construct a fu-ture of security in our Nation’s poli-tics, economy, and society. May they, as You, be especially mindful of those who are poor and without power. 
May all that is done today be for 
Your greater honor and glory. Amen. THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. D OLD) come forward 
and lead the House in the Pledge of Al-legiance. 
Mr. DOLD led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
BREAST CANCER AWARENESS 
MONTH 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, October marks Breast Cancer Awareness Month, a month to espe-cially recognize and celebrate breast cancer patients, survivors, and advo-cates. While breast cancer affects indi-viduals and families throughout the year, I especially appreciate the aware-ness and advocacy efforts that occur this week, especially the Walk for Life and Women’s Night Out. 
The Walk for Life/Race for Life at 
Palmetto Health, though rescheduled due to tragic flooding, is celebrating 25 years of raising funds and awareness for survivors and treatment in the Mid-lands. In the past 25 years, the Walk for Life, led by Chair Janet Snider, has gone from 200 participants in the first year to over 11,000 participants last year, raising over $800,000. 
Women’s Night Out at Lexington 
Medical Center, led by President Mike Biediger, is an inspiring evening at Burkett, Burkett & Burkett CPAs where the hospital honors breast can-cer patients, survivors, and their fami-lies. 
I know firsthand of the success at 
Lexington Medical Center where my son, Addison, in high school, was suc-cessfully treated for thyroid cancer and now himself is an orthopedic surgeon. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, this summer, when a small group of Republicans success-fully blocked the renewal of the Ex-port-Import Bank, they were very dismissive of the negative effects their efforts would have on job creation here in our country. Now it is autumn, and without the Ex-Im Bank, we are losing American jobs. 
Last month, General Electric an-
nounced it will move production of large, gas-powered engines to Canada, along with 350 jobs, because the com-pany cannot access financing from the Export-Import Bank. 
Boeing was recently told by a Singa-
pore-based satellite company not even to bother bidding on a satellite con-tract because they lacked the financing from Ex-Im. 
These are just a few real-life exam-
ples of the real-world consequences of letting Ex-Im expire. There is never a good time to commit economic suicide. 
I urge my colleagues to join together 
in renewing the Export-Import Bank and saving and growing American jobs. 
f 
BREAST CANCER AWARENESS 
MONTH 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize October as Breast Cancer Awareness Month. This disease has touched everyone in some way, and we must do all we can to fight it. 
An astonishing one in eight women 
will be diagnosed with breast cancer over the course of her lifetime. This is one of the many reasons that I sup-ported increased funding for the Na-tional Institutes of Health. American scientists and researchers are the best in the world, but they do need our sup-port to put an end to this disease once and for all. 
I am also proud to be the lead Repub-
lican sponsor of H.R. 1925, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Dr. Ernie Bodai, the creator of the breast cancer research stamp. Since its introduction in 1998, the stamp has been an effective tool for increasing awareness and has raised over $80 mil-lion to support the cause. 
This month, please take a moment to 
join me in remembering those who lost the battle to breast cancer, while cele-brating survivors, those currently fighting the disease, and all of those helping women live longer, healthier lives. 
f 
SOLAR ENERGY 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, solar en-
ergy serves the national interest in a number of ways. It is reducing our reli-ance on fossil fuels that are causing climate change. It is helping America 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.003 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7197 October 27, 2015 
to become energy independent. It is 
creating jobs, 3,000 of them, at or near the solar plant under construction in Buffalo, New York. 
Solar panels empower consumers to 
generate clean and affordable energy at home and to sell the extra energy that they do not use to the grid. A policy called ‘‘net metering,’’ which requires utilities to pay a fair price for this en-ergy to the consumer, is currently in place in all but six States. It has been vital to the growth of the solar indus-try by providing consumers with cer-tainty on the savings that solar will produce in their energy bill. 
That is why I have introduced legis-
lation to direct the Department of En-ergy to conduct a study on all of the impacts of net metering. Through a comprehensive analysis, we can ensure 
that regulators and policymakers have the accurate information they need to make a sound decision on whether to support consumer-generated solar en-ergy. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT VETOED 
(Mrs. BLACKBURN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, my 
heart breaks for our military men and women who last week watched their Commander in Chief as he vetoed the NDAA, the National Defense Author-ization Act. This was a bill that would give them more pay and better benefits for the job that they are doing. He ve-toed it, great flourish, called a cere-mony. 
He vetoed the bill because he wanted 
more money for his domestic agenda that includes more money for broken agencies like the EPA and the IRS. Imagine that. 
In Congress, our first responsibility 
is to provide for the common defense, and the NDAA just does that. 
This year’s defense bill passed both 
the House and the Senate with an over-whelming bipartisan majority. It is the most reform-centered defense bill in decades. 
It includes pay and benefits for our 
troops. Did you know 83 percent of our military personnel have retired with no retirement benefits? It changes that. 
The President vetoed it. It would 
have given them 401(k)-style benefits. The President vetoed it. He should be ashamed of those actions. The men and women in uniform deserve better. 
f 
NATION’S CRUMBLING 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, well, it is 
long past time for Congress to do its job and get serious about funding a long-term solution to fix our crumbling roads and bridges, all of our infrastruc-ture in this country. In Michigan, of all States, we know 
that we need to invest in order to grow our economy. To build a 21st century economy, we need state-of-the-art in-frastructure. 
No more short-term fixes, no more 
month-to-month funding. I have voted against these short-term bills in the past, and I am going to continue to do so. 
We are in urgent need of dramatic in-
vestment in infrastructure. Nearly a third of our roads are in poor or medi-
ocre condition. One out of four of our bridges require significant repair. In my own hometown, our water infra-structure is wholly inadequate to pro-vide even clean water to our residents. 
We just cannot continue to threaten 
our economy by failing to do our job. Congress needs to do its job. The Amer-ican people go to work every single day, and the least that they can expect is that we do the same thing and do our job. 
If we really believe in our future in 
this Congress, we ought to be willing to invest in it. 
f 
FAIRNESS AND OPPORTUNITIES 
FOR MARRIED HOUSEHOLDS WITH STUDENT LOANS ACT 
(Mr. MARCHANT asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, stu-
dent loan debt is now the fastest grow-ing and second-largest type of house-hold debt in America. It is no surprise that many Americans are putting off marriage and family life for financial reasons. 
The decline in marriage is a problem 
that could impact our economy and so-ciety for decades to come. Yet, our Tax Code punishes married households who have student debt. That is why I have introduced the Fairness and Opportuni-ties for Married Households With Stu-dent Loans Act. 
Currently, an individual with student 
loans can deduct up to $2,500 in interest paid on their loans, but that amount does not increase for married couples filing jointly. So spouses who both have student loan debt are limited to just one $2,500 deduction. This is not fair. 
My bill increases the deduction to 
$5,000 for married couples. It only makes sense. It also strengthens incen-tives toward marriage and financial independence. 
With student debt putting pressure 
on our economy, let’s stop penalizing marriage and start helping families build a stronger future. 
f 
2015 JOBS FAIR AND ECONOMY 
(Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
recently hosted my third annual hiring event where 500 applicants connected with more than 70 employers looking to fill positions. I was delighted to see Ramona Young 
and Sommatra Jackson at the event, two women hired at my first event in 2013. They were back this year rep-resenting the company that hired them. 
Their success continues to motivate 
me. For every Ramona and Sommatra, there are hundreds of Americans look-ing for good-paying jobs that allow them to build toward a future. 
So today I rise on behalf of those 
American workers still looking for good-paying jobs. 
We all know the statistics. Our econ-
omy is growing. After 67 months of consecutive job growth, our unemploy-ment rate stands at 5.1 percent for the first time since 2008, but the fact is there are nearly 8 million Americans still searching. 
The people I met at my hiring event 
were talented, skilled, and driven. They are hungry for an opportunity to work, to put their skills to good use, and to provide for their families. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
creating an economy that works for ev-eryone. 
f 
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AWARENESS 
(Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize Octo-ber as Domestic Violence Awareness Month. Far too many families fall vic-tim to domestic violence. In fact, one in four women will experience domestic violence at some point in their lives. 
I want to recognize and thank the or-
ganizations, their staff, and their vol-unteers across my district for what they do to help victims of domestic vi-olence. 
To cite just one example, Mr. Speak-
er, last week the Berks Women in Cri-sis held their annual Silent Witness Project march and ceremony to honor and remember victims lost. A group of about 75 people marched from the Berks Women in Crisis center to the Reading Area Community College, car-rying 25 red silhouettes of women, men, and children killed due to domestic vi-olence. Each cutout held a brass shield with the summary of that victim’s story. 
By spreading awareness of these hor-
rors of domestic violence and encour-aging victims to speak up, we can and must help reduce the number of women victimized. 
I applaud the efforts of this annual 
ceremony and march and want to let them know that their work is recog-nized by the community. Indeed, the work of all the organizations, their staff, and volunteers is critical. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.010 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7198 October 27, 2015 
b1215 
STAND WITH SHERIFF LUPE 
VALDEZ 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to stand with Lupe. That is Dal-las County Sheriff Lupe Valdez. Sheriff Lupe Valdez has a great history in Dal-las County, but recently she has come under attack from our Governor for trying to build relationships between the law enforcement community and the immigrant community. 
Governor Abbott sent a threatening 
letter to Sheriff Valdez, questioning her decision to decline certain Federal ICE detainers when the immigrant in question is not a public safety risk— not a public safety risk. 
Sheriff Valdez understands that, in 
order to serve and protect the immi-grant community, she must have the trust of that community. 
I call on Governor Abbott, instead of 
trying to erode that trust between law enforcement and the immigrant com-munity, to work with the Republican Texas delegation to push for com-prehensive immigration reform, to push for the things that the business community wants, that the church community wants, in order to do some-thing about our broken immigration system instead of trying to push for things like sanctuary city bills. 
If we work together with the immi-
grant community and do the right thing, together we can work on solving a lot of these issues. 
I ask my colleagues and the Governor 
to stand with Lupe and to do the right thing when it comes to Texas immi-grants. 
f 
HONORING VESTA MANGUN 
(Mr. ABRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a faithful and God-fear-ing woman, Ms. Vesta Mangun of Alex-andria, Louisiana, who will soon be celebrating her 90th birthday. 
Ms. Mangun is a dedicated member of 
The Pentecostals of Alexandria Church. She has been instrumental in the life and spirit of the Pentecostal community for a long, long time. 
Ms. Mangun and her husband, G.A. 
Mangun, started The Pentecostals of Alexandria when it was known as the First United Pentecostal Church with just 38 members. Today The Pentecostals of Alexandria is made up of thousands of members, largely thanks to the dedication of the Mangun family. 
The work of Ms. Mangun extends far 
beyond community. A daughter of an east Texas pioneer, Vesta Mangun has dedicated her life to sharing the Lord’s word as a speaker at camp meetings across the country and across the world. I commend the Mangun family for 
their tireless dedication to Louisiana, and I congratulate The Pentecostals of Alexandria in their celebration this week commemorating 65 years of min-istry. 
f 
GOOD THINGS AND BAD THINGS 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
today we will have an opportunity to support the Export-Import Bank open-ing so that constituents across Amer-ica, including Houston, Texas, will have the opportunity to grow jobs and to compete internationally. That is a good thing, Mr. Speaker. 
Soon I hope we will be able to reopen 
Riverside Hospital in my congressional district with the collaboration and work with Health and Human Services and State authorities to open the doors for those who need health care. That is a good thing. 
Mr. Speaker, the showing of a video 
of a student being dragged out of a classroom violently while educators stand by and watch is a bad thing. It calls upon the Justice Department of that State, the Attorney General, and the local district attorney to stand up and be counted. It also calls upon the U.S. Department of Justice to deter-mine whether the civil rights of that student were violated. 
Not one American should be able to 
tolerate the heinous, horrific, violent actions of throwing a young girl stu-dent on the floor, up against the door, dragged as if she were a bag of pota-toes. No one should tolerate that. 
Mr. Speaker, I call upon everyone to 
address the conditions in schools and violence along with those who are per-petrating these acts against students. 
f 
NDAA VETO 
(Mr. PALAZZO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, last 
week the President once again dis-appointed the American people while only seeking to advance his own polit-ical agenda. Despite only vetoing four bills in 7 years, the President took the extraordinary measure of vetoing a bill vital to keeping Americans safe. 
The annual National Defense Author-
ization ensures our troops have the tools and training they need to destroy our enemies and to return to their loved ones back at home. This bill has been passed for 53 consecutive years, yet this President saw fit to veto it, putting campaign promises above our military and the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, the world is not becom-
ing a safer place. In fact, it is becoming much more dangerous. China is build-ing military islands in the South China Sea. The Russians are destabilizing Eu-rope. Foreign fighters are flooding to ISIS by the thousands. Iran is on the 
path to having a nuclear weapon. Yet this President is more concerned about liberal politics than he is about the safety of our Nation. As a veteran, I find it disgraceful. 
f 
WEAR RED WEDNESDAY 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
tomorrow is Wear Red Wednesday to Bring Back Our Girls. 
This month President Obama an-
nounced he will deploy 300 troops to Cameroon to help with the fight against the ISIS-linked terrorist orga-nization, Boko Haram. These American troops will provide vital intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance sup-port to the multinational regional coa-lition fighting Boko Haram. 
I applaud the President’s commit-
ment to rooting out and destroying radical terrorism in the region. This newly announced aid could be a turn-ing point in the fight against Boko Haram. 
Mr. Speaker, until the precious 
Chibok girls are returned, we will con-tinue to wear red and continue to tweet, tweet, tweet. Continue to tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls. Tweet, tweet, tweet #joinrepwilson. 
f 
OCTOBER IS NATIONAL FARM TO 
SCHOOL MONTH 
(Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize a very innova-tive program in my home State of Ar-kansas. Governor Asa Hutchinson pro-claimed October to be Farm to School Month. The Farm to School program provides healthy, locally grown food to our State’s schools while creating new revenue streams for our Arkansas farmers. 
According to the USDA, 169 schools, 
serving over 86,000 young Arkansans, participate in the program. This di-rected over $600,000 into local econo-mies by purchasing products from local farmers. 
The Farm to School program helps to 
combat childhood obesity by encour-aging healthy eating habits among our youngest, most impressionable citi-zens. Also, at a time when families are moving away from the rural, agricul-tural parts of our Nation, I believe it is vital that our children know how and where their food is produced. The Farm to School program helps to educate them. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe the Farm to 
School program is important to the economy, health, and education of Ar-kansas’ Fourth District. I look forward to working with the many stakeholders in Arkansas to see the continued suc-cess of the Farm to School program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.013 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7199 October 27, 2015 
CLEAN THE BARN 
(Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-
er, Speaker B
OEHNER has pledged to 
clean the barn before handing the Speakership over later this week. 
So far, we are off to a good start. 
First, a bipartisan majority is finally able to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. Ex-Im supports countless Amer-ican jobs and historically has enjoyed broad bipartisan support. 
Today we learned of a bipartisan 
deal. I am still reviewing the details of this compromise, but I am encouraged that the leaders of both parties came together to protect the full faith and credit of the United States and to re-duce the burden of sequestration. 
Now, I represent the heart of San 
Diego. We don’t have many farms in my district, but even I know that, when you put off cleaning the barn, the you-know-what tends to pile up. 
There is so much more that Congress 
should be doing that we are not doing this week. We still need a highway bill that will improve our Nation’s infra-structure and create jobs. We need 
meaningful immigration reform and a deal to get rid of sequestration once and for all. 
Let’s hope this week marks the be-
ginning of an effort to not just clean the barn, but to keep the barn clean. 
f 
FIRST ANNUAL CRISTINA GOMEZ 
5K RUN/WALK 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to urge south Floridians to run or walk this Sunday, November 1, to support the Cristina M. Gomez Trau-matic Brain Injury Foundation—TBI Foundation—at its first annual Cristina Gomez 5K Run/Walk at Miami Executive Airport. 
Cristina was a senior majoring in 
education at my alma mater, Florida International University, when she suf-fered a traumatic brain injury after falling while out on a run. 
While her family is encouraged by 
Cristina’s slow, but steady, recovery, she still requires 24/7 care, and her con-tinuing treatment is not fully covered by insurance, concerns that they share with many other families. 
As a result, proceeds from Sunday’s 
event will help ensure that other trau-matic brain injury victims and their families in our community receive the emotional and the financial support they need to keep hope alive. 
Registration is online now at 
cristinagomezfoundation.org. 
f 
WHITE HOUSE INITIATIVE FOR 
EDUCATIONAL EXCELLENCE FOR HISPANICS 
(Mr. CASTRO of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
his remarks.) 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
this year marks the 25th anniversary of the White House Initiative on Edu-cational Excellence for Hispanics, a bi-partisan effort to increase educational opportunities and improve educational outcomes for Latinos in America. 
Over the past 2
1⁄2decades, the initia-
tive has made great progress. The per-centage of Hispanics with a high school degree has jumped by nearly 20 per-cent. The percentage of Hispanics drop-ping out of high school is nearly 20 per-cent lower. The percentage of His-panics with a bachelor’s degree or high-er has nearly doubled. 
Progress like this is possible because 
of so many committed organizations across our Nation. The initiative has identified certain ‘‘Bright Spots’’ in this effort, and I would like to recog-nize those programs that received the ‘‘Bright Spot’’ designation in my own congressional district. 
They are: The Academy for Teacher 
Excellence, the Graduate Support Cen-ter at UIW, IDRA’s Coca-Cola Valued Youth Program, Northwest Vista Col-lege’s College Connection Program, and San Antonio College’s College and Grants Development Department. 
Congratulations to these ‘‘Bright 
Spots,’’ and thank you to all the orga-nizations out there helping to make 
this program a success. 
f 
HOME HEALTH CARE PLANNING 
IMPROVEMENT ACT 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
bring attention to the dire need for nurses in the Granite State. The New Hampshire Union Leader—my news-paper of Manchester, New Hampshire— reports the need will only increase as our population ages and more nurses reach retirement. 
Also, healthcare facilities are con-
centrated outside the State, increasing the need for healthcare practitioners in New Hampshire. I recently hosted a Manchester Job Fair to help meet the need, and I am a proud cosponsor of the Home Health Care Planning Improve-ment Act of 2015. 
Right now, according to Medicare 
rules, a nurse practitioner may not prescribe home healthcare services for beneficiaries. They must seek a doc-tor’s permission, a process that would take weeks in rural areas like northern New Hampshire. 
The New Hampshire Nurse Practi-
tioner Association visited me in Wash-ington last month to tell me about this critical problem. Current rules add extra time and cost to home health care. Qualified nurses should be able to make the best decisions for their pa-tients, especially in the isolated or homebound arena. 
The Home Health Care Planning Im-
provement Act would allow nurses to do their jobs and help patients recover. 
It is time to remove a needless layer of bureaucracy and give them the tools they need to succeed. 
f 
b1230 
FARM TO SCHOOL ACT OF 2015 
(Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I 
urge the House to pay attention to the Farm to School Act of 2015. Like my colleague from Arkansas, California is a big agricultural State, and we know that kids go hungry. 
We have the 2010 Healthy, Hunger- 
Free Children Act, providing some $5 million annually in competitive pro-grams for schools to establish the Farm to School Act programs. These programs are vitally important to farmers, increasing their income, but even more important to kids who can get good, healthy food, locally grown and available in their schools. 
So let’s pay attention here. Let’s get 
this new bill underway. Let’s move this program forward. Let’s put some money so our kids can have good food and our local farmers can have a good market. 
f 
FREE AND FAIR ELECTIONS IN 
TURKEY 
(Mr. TROTT asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to highlight the upcoming Par-liamentary elections being held in Tur-key. With so much on the line for Tur-key, both domestically and inter-nationally, it is my sincere hope that the elections are held in an environ-ment that is consistent with inter-national standards on November 1. 
Free and fair elections are a funda-
mental part of any democratic society, and Turkish citizens of all backgrounds deserve to know that not only does their vote count, but it will be cast in a welcoming, safe and open atmos-phere. 
Freedom of the press is also a crucial 
part of democracy and, with the future of Turkey at the forefront of the No-vember elections, Turkish citizens de-serve to hear every narrative, and jour-nalists and reporters should not have to worry about intimidation or legal action, simply for doing their jobs. 
As Turkey enters a pivotal moment 
in its history, I wish them a safe and successful election day. And just like any democratic society, the real win-ners at the end of the day will be the citizens of Turkey. 
f 
CONGRESS’ LAST SHORT-TERM EX-
TENSION OF THE HIGHWAY BILL 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.014 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7200 October 27, 2015 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, today we 
will vote on what, hopefully, will be this Congress’ last short-term exten-sion of the highway bill. We have made progress on a long-term bill, and the House should consider that legislation next week. This is good news. 
But the short-term bill also includes 
an inevitable but disappointing exten-sion of the deadline for railroads to in-stall positive train control technology. This technology can prevent train acci-dents and is designed to save lives. 
Originally, Congress gave railroads 7 
years to install positive train control, but as that deadline approaches, the railroads are woefully behind schedule. With the railroad industry’s threat to shut down over our heads, we have no choice but to go through with this ex-tension. 
I worry what the consequences will 
be for this. This has to be the last delay that we give to the railroads. 
Congress did not mandate positive 
train control to be a thorn in the rail-roads’ side. It was done to save lives. 
f 
SETTING THE RECORD STRAIGHT 
ON MEAT 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to set the record straight regarding a claim this week by the International Agency for Research on Cancer classifying processed meats as carcinogenic and red meat as a prob-able carcinogen. 
According to the American Cancer 
Society, there is a lifetime risk of de-veloping colorectal cancer of 5 percent. By this organization’s own findings, eating a cold-cut sandwich or a hot dog every day would only raise that risk to around 6 percent. 
Doctors with the International Agen-
cy for the Research on Cancer admit that the risk for someone to develop cancer due to red meat consumption is dwarfed by the risk caused by cigarette and alcohol consumption. 
With that in mind, Mr. Speaker, this 
study should not be used for scare-mongering in causing people across the Nation to believe that red meats or processed foods are dangerous. 
The fact remains that variety is the 
key to a healthy, well-balanced diet, and that cancer is not caused by a sin-gle food. 
f 
FIX OUR BROKEN IMMIGRATION 
SYSTEM 
(Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, today I call 
upon the House of Representatives to finally fix our broken immigration sys-tem. 
The American people have had 
enough. They have had enough of the lack of security around our borders. 
They have had enough of the economic damage of not being able to hire and retain the people we need to grow our economy and make us strong. 
We have had enough of the chaos 
within our borders, of the difficult de-cisions that police and law enforce-ment officials have had to make with regard to enforcing a set of unenforce-able laws, under which more than 10 million people here don’t have docu-mentation. 
This needs to end. We should not 
have 12 million illegal immigrants. We should not have 8 million illegal immi-grants. We shouldn’t even have 1 mil-lion illegal immigrants. 
If we simply acted upon the bipar-
tisan proposal that passed the Senate with more than two-thirds support last session and, I believe, would pass the 
House today if we brought it to the floor, we would finally unite families, secure our borders, boost our economy, and end the enormous number of people who are here without their papers. 
I call upon this body to act. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PAUL MODRICH 
AND AZIZ SANCAR 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to congratulate scientists Paul Modrich of Duke University and Aziz Sancar of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill on winning the 2015 Nobel Prize in Chemistry. They share this prestigious award with Swedish scientist Tomas Lindahl for their work in understanding how cells repair damaged DNA. 
Dr. Modrich is the James B. Duke 
Professor of Biochemistry at Duke’s medical school and a member of the Duke Cancer Institute. He is also an in-vestigator with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. Dr. Modrich’s re-search has demonstrated how the cell corrects errors that occur when DNA is replicated during cell division. 
Dr. Sancar is the Sarah Graham 
Kenan Professor of Biochemistry at UNC’s medical School. Only the second Turk to win a Nobel Prize, he is the co-founder of the Aziz and Gwen Sancar Foundation, a nonprofit organization that promotes Turkish culture and supports Turkish students in the United States. Dr. Sancar has mapped the mechanism that cells use to repair UV damage to DNA. 
Congratulations to Dr. Modrich and 
Dr. Sancar on their extraordinary achievements. We are fortunate they call North Carolina home. 
f 
EX-IM BANK DISCHARGE 
REAUTHORIZATION 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of reauthor-izing the Export-Import Bank. In the First District of Georgia, the 
Ex-Im Bank facilitates exports for over 17 companies, more than half of which are small businesses, over $500 million in exports, and supports over 3,200 jobs. 
Around Georgia, those numbers jump 
to more than $4 billion in exports from 205 companies supporting almost 30,000 jobs. 
With the recent expiration of the Ex- 
Im Bank, many of these companies have suffered the loss of millions of dollars in new business growth, market access, and risked thousands of jobs. 
While we stand here debating the fu-
ture of the Ex-Im Bank, our competi-tors are leveraging their own versions of their export-import agencies to in-crease their market shares abroad. 
While I advocated for reforms that go 
further than this legislation, it does provide critical reforms necessary to ensure taxpayers are protected while allowing the bank to do its important work. 
Passing this legislation is essential 
to protecting thousands of jobs, and I urge my colleagues to join us in reau-thorizing the Ex-Im Bank and to let the world know America is open for business. 
f 
CONGENITAL HEART FUTURES 
ACT 
(Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today on behalf of the nearly 1 in 100 newborns born with congenital heart disease. Congenital heart disease is the most common birth defect and is the number one cause of birth defect re-lated deaths. 
This disease demands our attention. 
That is why I founded the Congenital Heart Caucus, and that is why, this week, I am introducing legislation to reauthorize the Congenital Heart Fu-tures Act. 
This legislation focuses on studying, 
educating, and raising awareness of the continuing impact congenital heart disease has throughout the life span. It promotes more research at NIH and en-courages the need to seek and maintain lifelong, specialized care. 
This bill helps give hope to the 40,000 
babies born with congenital heart dis-ease each year and their families across the U.S. I urge my colleagues to support this very important bill. We must continue our efforts to help our future generations live longer, healthier lives. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER laid before the House 
the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.016 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7201 October 27, 2015 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 27, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Oc-tober 27, 2015 at 9:39 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 313. 
That the Senate passed with an amend-
ment H.R. 639. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PRO-
CEEDINGS ON MOTION TO RE-COMMIT ON H.R. 597, REFORM EXPORTS AND EXPAND THE AMERICAN ECONOMY ACT 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that the question of adopting a motion to re-commit on H.R. 597 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. 
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to 
the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 1090, RETAIL INVESTOR PROTECTION ACT 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 491 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 491 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 1090) to amend the Secu-rities Exchange Act of 1934 to provide protec-tions for retail customers, and for other pur-poses. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-31 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amend-ment thereto, to final passage without inter-vening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services; (2) the further amendment printed in the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion, if offered by Representative Lynch of Massachusetts or his designee, which shall be in order without intervention of any point of order, shall be considered as read, shall be separately debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question; and (3) one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from 
Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on House Resolution 491 currently under consid-eration. 
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to 
the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I am pleased today to bring forward this rule on behalf of the Rules Com-mittee and the hundreds of thousands of young men and women who one day hope to retire. 
The rule provides for consideration of 
H.R. 1090, the Retail Investor Protec-tion Act. The Rules Committee met on this measure yesterday evening and heard testimony from both the chair-man and ranking member of the Finan-cial Services Committee. 
The rule brought forward by the com-
mittee is a structured rule. There was only one amendment submitted to the Rules Committee on this bill, and the House will have the opportunity to de-bate and vote on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Massachu-setts (Mr. L
YNCH ) later today. 
b1245 
This legislation went through regular 
order in the Financial Services Com-mittee and was also passed by the House in the 113th Congress by a vote of 254–166 with a number of my friends from the other side of the aisle voting for the legislation. I hope we can put aside our political differences and vote in a similar bipartisan fashion here today. 
This rule provides for 1 hour of gen-
eral debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chairman and ranking member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. 
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to hear-
ing the stories that Members will share highlighting the desperate need for H.R. 1090 to become law. 
I also have heard firsthand from men 
and women in my district who are scared about their financial future. Navigating retirement planning can be a difficult task, especially for young men and women just entering the workforce. They often rely on financial planners to offer advice on the steps they need to take today so one day they can retire. 
I had the opportunity to meet with 
one of those financial planners in my office just a few months ago. Beth Baldwin is a financial planner who works for Edward Jones in my home-town of Gainesville, Georgia. She took the time to come to Washington to 
meet with me and other elected offi-cials because she was scared about the impact that the fiduciary rule would have on her ability to do her job. She told me that the administration’s fidu-ciary rule prevents her from helping people. 
Beth told me that financial advisers 
should always provide advice that is in their client’s best interest, but the rule places unnecessary and burdensome re-quirements on both advisers and cli-ents. 
That is not what we are about as a 
country, Mr. Speaker. We are the world’s greatest economic engine, the land of hope and opportunity, because we believe in the ingenuity and hard work of people. Our founders believed in people. They were on their team, and they created a governmental struc-ture that is for the people and by the people. Frankly, Mr. Speaker, that is what this Republican majority stands for: the people who get up every day looking to how they can make it bet-ter. 
The Republican majority is for peo-
ple. We believe in their hopes, we be-lieve in their dreams, and we want them to succeed. When my son gets a little older and starts thinking about retirement, I want him to be able to go to a professional and get some advice and seek good information. 
If H.R. 1090 isn’t signed into law, then 
financial advisers like Beth Baldwin won’t be able to help him. In fact, they won’t be able to help others who have helped my family, like Wayne Parrish, who is a dear friend of our family, but is also someone who advises us in our financial decisions. This is something that is threatening not only his liveli-hood, but many teachers that work with my wife. This is about people, Mr. Speaker. 
Across the Nation today, there are 9 
million households that rely on small business retirement plans. And there are 3 million small-saver households. These are the people who need Con-gress now, more than ever, to be on their team. 
To them, this debate isn’t over defi-
nitions and enhanced coordination and studies. It is over their future. It is over their ability to make informed de-cisions, to find somebody like Beth or Wayne or a number of others all across this country who can help them plan for the future. 
Financial advisers should be free to 
offer advice to their clients based on what is best for them as individuals 
and small businesses, not based on what advice most limits their liability. 
Saving for retirement is already dif-
ficult. It requires tough decisions. But the one thing that can keep a dev-astating financial decision from being made is advice from a qualified profes-sional. 
I in no way believe we should model 
our policies after other countries. We have talked about that before here. However, when we can learn from their mistakes, we should. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.005 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7202 October 27, 2015 
The United Kingdom implemented a 
similar rule in 2013. Two years later we can see the negative effects. The rule has created an advice gap in which 60,000 investors are unable to receive fi-nancial advice because their accounts are too small. 
Mr. Speaker, I know some stories 
that have been told on the floor and from many Members here. I remember when I and my wife were just starting out. To tell me what little bit that I had saved was too small is an affront to the very free enterprise system that helps people climb to where they want to go and fulfill their dreams. We should never be satisfied with when we tell people they can’t get advice be-cause their pot, so to speak, is too small. 
Several of my constituents from 
northeast Georgia recently wrote to me about the administration’s fidu-ciary rule. Here is what they said: ‘‘The rule as proposed is not workable and would have numerous unintended consequences for American workers and retirement savers, particularly those who are middle class. The re-quirements in the rule would drive the market to fee-based arrangements that are used only for wealthier clients and are not the best fit for many investors. As a result, middle-class savers would be forced into low-service, do-it-your-self accounts, depriving them of mean-ingful, personalized planning advice.’’ 
Let me repeat that: ‘‘depriving them 
of meaningful, personalized planning advice.’’ 
We are here today as the Republican 
majority, advancing H.R. 1090, because we are for the middle class. Because we refuse to accept any rule from this ad-ministration that would deprive the middle class of the tools they need to make good financial decisions. 
One of my constituents also wrote: 
‘‘The time to act is now before Ameri-cans are deprived of consumer choice on how to plan for retirement and in-vest their savings.’’ 
Another said: ‘‘Recently, I became 
aware of a proposed rule that would un-dermine my ability to plan for my re-tirement in ways I believe best for me.’’ 
It is the very heart of why we are 
here, Mr. Speaker. It is taking up for those who need someone to say: Gov-ernment, it is time to let the free en-terprise, time to let the middle class, the hardworking folks of our country, have advice and be able to access that. 
I cannot understand why some of my 
friends on the other side of the aisle support a rule that would undermine anyone’s ability to plan for their re-tirement in ways that are best for them. This isn’t a political issue. It is about people and their future. It is as simple as that. 
Financial planning isn’t one size fits 
all. It is customized, individualized, based on the need of a particular fam-ily or small business. ObamaCare is a perfect example of what happens when the administration takes over an in-dustry without regard to the needs of 
the middle and lower class. 
Another constituent wrote to me and 
said: ‘‘With this rule, it seems the gov-ernment has determined that I am not smart enough to make my own in-formed investment decisions. I do not agree. Saving for retirement is difficult enough. Why add more obstacles and complexity? I urge you to please pre-serve the freedoms investors currently enjoy to choose how we invest in our retirement accounts and plan for a bet-ter financial tomorrow.’’ 
This administration, Mr. Speaker, is 
already costing families jobs, constitu-tional liberties, affordable quality health care, and a strong national de-fense. Let’s not also take away from them the ability to plan for retire-ment. 
I remember when, just a little over 27 
years ago, my wife and I walked down the aisle and we said, ‘‘I do,’’ for bet-ter, for worse, for richer, for poorer. And, Mr. Speaker, we have been through all of that. 
But, at times, we had people who 
came into our lives, investment advice that would help us with her teacher re-tirement, help us with advice that I didn’t have the time or really the un-derstanding to work on. 
If we take that away from folks like 
myself and families in my district and families in your district and families all over the country, then what are we saying to the American people? We are saying: the government knows better than you. 
I am a firm believer that this govern-
ment was started and will stand both for the people and of the people, and that is what this Republican majority is doing today. That is why this rule is important, and that is why this bill is important. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman for yielding me the 30 min-utes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank you, Mr. Speaker. 
Rather than having a mere Speaker pro tempore, as I had the opportunity to do as a freshman in the majority, it is al-ways exciting to be presided over by the actual Speaker of the body, the second in line to be President of the United States, and particularly some-body who has dedicated so much of his life to public service, Mr. Speaker, as you have, and left his mark on this in-stitution. 
I am sure that there will be addi-
tional opportunities for showing our great regard and esteem with which this body holds you, Mr. Speaker. But I think it is somewhat apt that per-haps, if not the final time you act as presiding officer of this body, at least the final rule is related to retirement, which you, Mr. Speaker, will presum-ably soon be experiencing, and is an important topic of discussion for this body. 
Now, we may have our disagreements 
about whether curtailing this rule is in the interest of the American people or 
not, but I know that we both have a deep and abiding interest in making sure that Americans are safe in their retirement. I think it is wonderful that you are highlighting the importance of retirement security by presiding over this particular debate yourself, Mr. Speaker. 
I rise in opposition to the rule, which 
is a structured rule for H.R. 1090. Frankly, it is premature to be consid-ering this bill when we don’t know what the final rules will look like out of the Department of Labor, rather than allow the Department of Labor to continue doing its job, which has in-cluded many stakeholders. 
I know firsthand the Secretary of 
Labor has not only reached out to me and met with me on numerous occa-sions as well as my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and has appeared be-fore one of the committees of jurisdic-tion that I serve on, the Committee on Education and the Workforce, of which you, Mr. Speaker, are a prior chair as well, and engaged with the financial services community, consumer protec-tion organizations, and many others in his very earnest and serious attempt at making sure that the many short-comings of the initial draft rule, which you and I might agree on, Mr. Speaker, are addressed in the final rulemaking. I think the Secretary deserves that op-portunity. The hardworking men and women of the Department of Labor de-serve that opportunity. 
And then, if, in fact, the mark is 
missed, it might be appropriate for this body to consider amending or changing any rule to address the fears that both of us share on both sides of the aisle with regard to ensuring that people of low and moderate income do have ac-cess to high-quality advice and that the legitimate educational activities of financial services organizations are al-lowed to continue to provide that type of advice. 
Now, this legislation is somewhat 
wrapped in a seemingly arcane matter. It has to do with whether it is under the jurisdiction of the Department of Labor or the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding new fiduciary standards of care. 
We had the chair of the Financial 
Services Committee, Mr. H
ENSARLING , 
before us in the Rules Committee yes-terday. He simply said that, under Dodd-Frank, the SEC has the ability to pass rules regarding fiduciary stand-ards of care. I don’t think anybody dis-putes that the SEC has the legal au-thority to do so. 
I question here—and I think this was 
well established—that they are un-likely, because of their ongoing imple-mentation work in many other areas, to get to this any time soon, whereas the Department of Labor is nearing the end of a 2-year-long-plus process around trying to make sensible rules to ensure that conflicts of interest within retirement advice are offered, con-sumer protections are provided, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.021 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7203 October 27, 2015 
the market is allowed to operate in a 
more efficient way with regard to of-fering quality retirement products and appropriate retirement products to consumers. 
After the Department of Labor re-
tracted the flawed first version of this rule several years ago, they released a new version of the rule in 2015. They have been getting input from a broad spectrum of stakeholders through a long and extended comment period. 
I have provided feedback. Stake-
holders in the retirement community have. Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle have. We all know what some of the fundamental issues that we are trying to address are, Mr. Speaker. 
Today most Americans are not sav-
ing enough for retirement and are not securing their retirement. The retire-ment savings gap is estimated at $14 trillion, and one in five Americans who are approaching retirement have zero private retirement savings. 
As the ranking member on the 
Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions Subcommittee of the Education and the Workforce Committee, I am very interested in working in a bipar-tisan fashion to address this savings gap. Helping to make sure that Ameri-cans save for retirement is not a par-tisan issue. Whether one is a Democrat or a Republican, eventually, you are going to need to retire, some of us, Mr. Speaker, before others. 
This bill did not have to be partisan 
either. I think, if we had waited and targeted any particular flaws in the final rule, there might have been an ability to build a bipartisan consensus. I am optimistic that the Secretary of Labor and the Department of Labor will get their rules right. 
Investors need to be able to trust the 
person advising them about the money they need to live after retirement. On the other hand, we need to protect in-dividuals’ and small businesses’ access to advice. 
Mistakes in investments cost billions 
of dollars to individuals and the econ-omy. Of course, a mistake can occur with wrongful advice from somebody who has a conflict of interest, but mis-takes can also occur if there is a lack of access to quality advice. We need to be cognizant of both of those potentials as we look at improving the ability of the American people to save for their retirement. 
I know that everybody involved with 
this rule and many of the stakeholders who will be impacted actually agree on a lot of the big concepts. They agree generally that financial advisers should use the best interest or fidu-ciary standard because the client’s best interest should be paramount. 
The main disagreement is about how 
to make this happen and how to imple-ment the rule in a way that makes sense. Most advisers today do what is in the best interest of their client. They are good actors, and they help their clients save for retirement. It is critical that our final rule, as 
the Secretary himself has said, does not upend an entire business model that works for good actors and works for many American families. However, making sure that we have a standard in place that the few bad actors need to abide by and are not able to wreak havoc in allowing American families to plan for their retirement is also essen-tial. 
b1300 
Now, just because there is disagree-
ment on some of the specifics of the rule doesn’t mean that we should use a bill that wholesale removes this au-thority and transfers it entirely to an SEC entity, which is unlikely to pro-ceed with rulemaking and can’t even proceed with rulemaking while this President is in office under a timeline even if they were to begin expedi-tiously. So, effectively, this underlying legislation is an effort to thwart the ability of this President, this Secretary of Labor, and even the SEC under this President, from acting in a way to pro-tect the American people from con-flicts of interest in retirement products that are not suitable for their needs. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1090 would actu-
ally prevent the Department of Labor from issuing any sort of fiduciary rule until after the Securities and Exchange Commission issued a rule. Now, the De-partment of Labor clearly has the au-thority to write and implement this rule. That is not even being called into question; it is simply the timeline of which agency goes first. But due to the realities of the SEC, the Commission is not moving forward a rule any time in the near future, and that is simple re-ality. 
So what this bill actually does is it 
effectively kills the Department of La-bor’s ability under President Obama to update the fiduciary standard under ERISA. Would it make sense for Con-gress to mandate that the IRS couldn’t take action to collect taxes until the Treasury acted first? This is a similar situation. 
I believe the Department of Labor 
must take into account the high num-ber of outstanding questions and re-quests for comments that they pro-posed in the rule, the incredible vol-ume of feedback the rule has received, including from myself and Members on both sides of the aisle and outside stakeholders. To date, there has been a number of letters from both parties re-questing changes to the proposed rule. I signed onto a letter with 96 Demo-crats, and there are over 3,500 public comments, hundreds of thousands of people signing their names to peti-tions. The Department of Labor hope-fully will listen to this feedback as they issue their final draft rule to make the effort streamlined while pro-tecting investors and workers. 
My staff and I have had dozens of 
meetings and phone calls to the De-partment of Labor with Secretary Perez. I have submitted over two dozen questions for the record to the Depart-
ment of Labor on the subject, and I am satisfied and optimistic that these con-cerns will be addressed in the final rule. 
I am just now leading a letter with 
several of my colleagues requesting an additional comment period to look at the changes the Department of Labor is planning to make to the rule. So the answer, I think, Mr. Speaker, is to take the time to get these rules right, make 
sure they don’t have unintended con-sequences, and not prejudge them by invalidating them before they are out of the gate. That is what I consider a constructive way forward. 
Mr. Speaker, I have learned from 
these conversations that we need to move forward with a productive proc-ess, and I believe the Labor Secretary is committed to doing that. We may have disagreements about the final outcome, but we should see what that final outcome is before we pass legisla-tion that requires us to pretend that the problem doesn’t exist. 
While the specifics of the fiduciary 
rule are important, and DOL needs to make changes and communicate them to stakeholders, this legislation is very counterproductive to those ongoing discussions that have occurred over the last several years. This bill would ef-fectively prevent protections from being implemented after years of work, meetings, and due diligence involving financial services companies and in-volving retirement advocacy organiza-tions, not to mention the fact that this bill will not become law. The President has already put out a promise to veto the legislation should it reach his desk. So, instead, we should be spending our time on more important work for the American people. With just over a month to take action until a govern-ment shutdown and with the transpor-tation bill expiring, we have six con-gressional working days to raise a clean debt ceiling. I am hopeful, Mr. Speaker, that you will be able to bear witness to that as a Member and leader of this body in the short future, in the next couple of days. Just as aston-ishing, we have the highway funding shutdown. 
So here we are again. I think that we 
need to work on bills that have a chance of becoming law. We shouldn’t prejudge rules that I think the Sec-retary has really worked hard to en-sure involve multiple stakeholders, and hopefully, we will be satisfied with the final rules that address many of the po-tential unintended consequences and concerns that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have raised, including myself. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I do appreciate the comments just made, but I think there is a general disagreement, and we will have a dis-agreement in just a few moments about article I and what we are supposed to be doing here and taking care of the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.022 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7204 October 27, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she 
may consume to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX). 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
colleague from Georgia for yielding. In the spirit of bipartisanship, let me as-sociate myself with the opening re-marks and kind words of Mr. P
OLIS 
about the Speaker. 
Mr. Speaker, if adopted, the proposed 
fiduciary rule would reduce access to reasonably priced investment options for lower and middle class families and small-business owners across the coun-try. It will also increase costs for Americans trying their best to save for retirement. 
Our country faces difficult retire-
ment challenges, and the last thing the Federal Government should do is cre-ate new barriers blocking the retire-ment security the American people de-serve. The fact is we have seen this scheme before. This proposal contains many of the same flaws as the adminis-tration’s failed 2010 proposal, which was ultimately withdrawn because of harsh bipartisan opposition. 
The Department of Labor’s rushed 
and uncoordinated process has again resulted in an unworkable proposal, and I urge the administration to use the same logic that it did the first time and withdraw its damaged proposal. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, many 
American workers don’t have access to paid sick days, which means they can’t miss work without losing a day’s pay or risking their job security. If we de-feat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up legislation that would allow workers to earn paid sick leave. 
Mr. Speaker, everyone should be able 
to take care of themselves or their loved ones when they are sick and not have to worry about losing their jobs or falling behind on their bills because of illness. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to 
the request of the gentleman from Col-orado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. To discuss our proposal, I 
yield such time as she may consume to the distinguished gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to the previous question. Defeating the previous question will allow us to amend the rule to provide for consideration of the Healthy Fami-lies Act. What is the Healthy Families Act? It is an act that would allow workers to earn up to 7 days of job-pro-tected sick leave each year. 
Mr. Speaker, being a working parent 
should not mean choosing between your job and taking care of yourself and your family. But at least 43 million private sector workers—39 percent of our workforce—must make this deci-sion every time illness strikes. Mil-lions more cannot earn paid sick time 
to care for a sick child or for a family member. 
Employers ultimately suffer when 
workers have to make this choice. In-creased turnover rates amount to greater costs, and employers can jeop-ardize the health of other employees when their policies force employees to come to work sick. 
With regard to families, I listen to 
people—as we all do in our commu-nities—all of the time. I can talk to you about Eva, the bus driver who picks up kids in the morning on their way to school. They are there with their parents, and she says that I see parents with tears in their eyes as they are putting their child on the bus, knowing that their child is sick, but they can’t afford to stay home with that child because they could lose their job. They could get pay docked. They are making a choice, and that is not how they view themselves as a parent. 
Paid sick day policies have been en-
acted successfully at the State and at the local levels. Nearly 20 jurisdictions across the country have adopted paid sick days, and there is strong public support for universal access to paid sick days. Eighty-eight percent of Americans support paid sick day legis-lation. 
The Healthy Families Act allows 
working families to meet their health and their financial needs while boost-ing businesses’ productivity and reten-tion rates—strengthening our Nation’s economy. It is common sense. It is business savvy. This is the right thing to do. 
Today there isn’t a parent staying 
home with their children. Mothers, fa-thers, grandmothers, aunts, and uncles, everyone is in the workplace. Let our public policy reflect the way that fami-lies are trying to make it today. We need to work to protect public health, to boost the economy, and to help hardworking families have access to paid sick days. 
Let’s pass the Healthy Families Act, 
and I urge my colleagues to oppose the previous question. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
RENSHAW ). 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of this rule and the underlying legisla-tion. I am the chairman of the Appro-priations Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government. My subcommittee is charged with over-seeing the budget of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
That is the agency of the Federal 
Government that is charged with pro-tecting investors and making sure that the capital markets are fair and or-derly, and that is what they do every day. In fact, Dodd-Frank gives them more authority in this area than any other agency in the Federal Govern-ment, so I find it a little bit surprising that the Department of Labor, whose 
day-to-day job is not to oversee invest-ment advisers, whose day-to-day job is not to oversee broker-dealers, and yet they will decide that they are going to write a rule dealing with fiduciary standards for those that are involved in retirement accounts. Well, it just seems to me that is backwards. That is upside down. 
The SEC ought to be acting in this 
area. That is their primary role. If we are going to let other agencies write rules that might be in conflict, might create confusion, and might be duplica-tive, then it seems to me we are going to give those individuals who are strug-gling to make a living and to make ends meet, we are going to have a dif-ficult time understanding what their retirement accounts are all about and who is in charge and what are the rules and the standards. 
So the SEC should act first, and that 
is all this bill does. It says the SEC should act first in dealing with inves-tor security to make sure that capital markets are fair and orderly and that the Department of Labor is prohibited from finalizing any rule in this regard. 
So I think it is a commonsense piece 
of legislation. I thank the sponsors for bringing it, and the committee for bringing it up, and so I urge adoption of this rule and adoption of the under-lying legislation as well. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, even if my friends on 
the other side of the aisle think they might not like this final rule, let’s at least give the Department of Labor, after several years of hard work, the chance to produce it. If at that point the majority feels that there are parts of the rule that they don’t want or don’t like or want to invalidate or are counterproductive, that would be the appropriate time for this kind of bill to intervene in those efforts before those rules are finalized. 
Mr. Speaker, I have been very satis-
fied with the work of the Department of Labor and the Secretary of Labor to engage Members of this body on both sides of the aisle and the financial services community to ensure that many of the acknowledged flaws that are in the draft bill are addressed in any final rule that is brought forward. 
This bill is effectively an effort to 
thwart the entire process around ad-dressing a real problem, and that real problem is the conflict of interest and poor quality retirement advice that is being given to too many American families. 
The Secretary is not seeking to 
upend a business structure that allows access to quality financial advice for millions of middle class American fam-ilies, and I believe that any concerns with regard to that will be addressed in the final rulemaking. 
With little time left before so many 
deadlines and cliffs that this body has—transportation funding expiring, the Federal budget expiring without a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.023 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7205 October 27, 2015 
potential government shutdown, the 
debt ceiling, and so many others—why are we discussing a bill that is not going to become law? Again, you are seeking to overturn a ruling before it is made. The President himself would veto this bill. There will not be two- thirds of this body to overturn this veto. 
When we are discussing taking ac-
tions that affect actions that the Presi-dent is taking, keep in mind that under our constitutional republic, if we were to override the President, it would take both Democrats and Republicans, and Democrats in large numbers. Now, I understand there may be a few hand-ful of my Democratic colleagues sup-porting this final bill, not very many, certainly not enough to bring it close to the two-thirds threshold. So, again, that would qualify as a waste of time for this body, and a premature waste of time at that. 
Let’s give the Department of Labor 
the ability and the benefit of the doubt to bring forward these rules, and then perhaps if they overstep and have a lot of flaws, then, Mr. Speaker, the Repub-licans might have more Democrats willing to join them in counteracting these rules. But at this point, it is en-tirely premature to interdict the entire rulemaking process to protect Amer-ican retirement without even knowing what those rules are that we are seek-ing to circumvent. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
b1315 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I think it is a fundamental dif-
ference, again, in the way we choose to look at how we do our business up here. There is a constitutional flow to this. It is called Article I. It is our responsi-bility as elected Representatives, both from Georgia, from Colorado, from all over this country, it is our responsi-bility to look at this. 
I think one of the things that frus-
trates me, and I know it frustrates many of my constituents back home, is that it seems like every time—as my friend has said—that we are pre-empting or putting down all this hard work done by the agencies, well, every-thing that is pointed to so far, it is not our job as Congress to worry about the work product of an agency. Our job is to take care of the American people and make sure that their interests are best concerned. My first interest is the folks of the Ninth District of Georgia. My first interest is not, did the office or agency of an administration of any, Republican or Democrat, did they work real hard on it? I appreciate their work. 
But the problem we are coming back 
to here is we are facing a real issue. We are simply saying the SEC needs to go first. We are simply saying let’s put these priorities in line, and let’s simply say that we look at this. It is not the executive body’s determination to 
make the law, so to speak. It is our body. So if we choose to intervene here, then it is our prerogative to do so, tak-ing care of what we are doing. 
I think also to simply say—and I love 
this argument—that if the President is not going to sign and we don’t have enough to override, then fine, let’s make that argument to the American people. And if the administration chooses to do this and chooses not to, then let them tell the American people and the teachers in my district and the law enforcement officers in my district and people who need this advice and looking at the history and say: We don’t care about you, let our bureauc-racy work, let bureaucracy ring in-stead of freedom ring. 
If that is what the President and the 
administration wants to do, then so be it. I will stand on the side of the Amer-ican people. I will stand on the side of the middle class. I will stand on them being able to take what they have and get advice so they can make it better. If that is the argument they want to be had, let’s have it. 
Mr. Speaker, with that, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I think that the remarks by my col-
league on the Rules Committee are part of the problem here. The way that laws are passed require the House and the Senate to pass a bill in the same form and the President to sign that bill, or if the President vetoes that bill, two-thirds of the body to overrule it. 
And, of course, no one doubts that if 
this body of the House wants, they can continue to pass bills that the Senate won’t bring up, as they have dozens, I would have to get a count, perhaps, hundreds of times, or bills that the Senate will pass but the President will veto, and the President vetoed, I be-lieve, his fifth bill with the defense re-authorization last week. 
Certainly, if the majority chooses, if 
the Republicans choose, this body can continue to do that, or this body can work together with the Senate and the President to pass laws that address issues that the American people have brought to us to solve, and that takes compromise. That doesn’t mean this body should say, ‘‘It is our way or the highway,’’ and the Senate says, ‘‘Sorry, it is the highway,’’ and the President says, ‘‘Sorry, it is the highway.’’ It means, roll up your sleeves and work together. 
If we are going to solve a problem 
like immigration in this country, our broken immigration system, and re-place our broken immigration system with one that works, that restores bor-der security, the rule of law, benefits our economy, and unites families, it will take all sides working together. Guess what? Last session, the Senate passed a bill. It was this House that didn’t spend even a minute of time on the floor debating that bill or bringing forward something that the American people demand to replace our broken 
immigration system with one that works and protects our country. 
So, again, I don’t doubt the ability of 
this body to keep passing bills that don’t go anywhere. Perhaps, it makes some of my Republican colleagues feel good. They go home, and they say: Gee, we passed this out of the House. We passed that out of the House. The prob-lem is the Senate. The problem is the President. 
But that is just an excuse for blame 
and more and more problems. I think what the American people want is not this finger pointing. They don’t want the Senate to say: We solved immigra-tion; it was the House’s fault. They don’t want the House to say: We defunded ObamaCare; it is the Senate and President’s fault they didn’t do it. 
They want us to work together, work 
together to implement the Affordable Care Act and address some of the prob-lems in it, work together to replace our broken immigration system with one that works, one to work together to cut our budget deficit, one to work to-gether to fund an infrastructure and transportation bill, and—this is an ex-ample—if there are deficiencies in the final rule, work together to make sure that those deficiencies are addressed so that our common goal the Democrats and Republicans share of making sure that Americans have quality, noncon-flicted advice in their retirement sav-ings is able to occur across the coun-try. 
I call on Speaker B
OEHNER and, of 
course, whoever succeeds him as Speaker, as well as the rest of the House leadership, to present truly bi-partisan efforts to move forward on the various issues that we face and not yield to the easy temptation to pass single-Chamber bills in the House that aren’t even brought up by the Senate and, if they were, it would be vetoed by the President. That is not how laws are made. That is how rhetoric is made. The American people want their prob-lems addressed by this body, not just more hot wind and rhetoric that this bill is an example of. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I appreciate that because there are 
many people in America right now who remember just a few years ago when there was plenty of hot rhetoric com-ing from this Chamber, and it is really punishing the American people now. It is called ObamaCare. It is called Dodd- Frank. I guess the warm winds are still blowing. 
It is amazing to me that when you 
look at this—and I can go back in his-tory—and I think the one thing that we maybe can come to an agreement on is when you govern and when you are in the majority, you pass bills that reflect your majority values. You do not re-flect, in this case, an administration that happens to have different values. We are continuing to work for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.024 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7206 October 27, 2015 
American people, just as my friend 
when he was in the majority—as he said, he sat in the chair as a fresh-man—they would have passed bills that, oh, by the way, probably wouldn’t have made it through that Republican administration. Some got vetoed. And if it did get vetoed, you would come back and work the process of an over-ride, and that can happen. 
The problem here is I believe—and 
this is just fundamental—I believe that we can work on different ideas. There are things that the gentleman from Colorado and I can agree on or disagree on. I think it goes back just basically to the problem that many of us are frustrated with, is that there are three branches of government that the Con-gress, the House and the Senate, whether we agree on everything or not, is not the point. The point is, are we making the voices heard from our dis-tricts and doing so in a meaningful way? 
If that means that Republicans feel 
one way and Democrats feel another way, that so be it. But I, as long as I am part of the majority, we are going to put our values forward, and we are going to say: This is what we believe in. We would like for you to come on. And we will find areas where we can agree. 
But I will never stand by just because 
the administration, as they did just this past week with the NDAA, put pol-itics over our troops. As someone who served in Iraq, it is time to quit play-ing politics with our troops. 
If we want to get specific about what 
we are playing politics with here, then we can understand that. That is a dis-grace. And what we have got to under-stand is—we are going to put stuff here—we are simply saying: Here is a fix that we believe; let the SEC work first. 
That is our policy statement. If they 
don’t agree, fine. But when it is fight-ing for the people of the Ninth District of Georgia and also people for America and middle class and lower income folks who are just trying to make their retirement and get good advice, I will never back up or apologize for taking the time to fight for the American peo-ple. If that is a waste of time, I will be up here every day taking that time for the American people. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
This is a very interesting discussion 
with my colleague from Georgia. When you look at the work product of this body in the House of Representatives, this body has voted to repeal ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act, over 54 times. So it is clear to the American people—my colleague from Georgia can tell his constituents—we voted to repeal ObamaCare. We did. I didn’t vote for that, but the majority of this body did that—not once, not twice, not three times, not four times, not five times. I can count all the way up to over 54 times. In fact, many of us are losing track about how many times 
this body is on the R
ECORD opposing 
ObamaCare, but that is not how laws are made. That is part of the process. One would say once should suffice for it to pass this body. 
The bill also would need to pass the 
Senate. And as the President has indi-cated, it is unlikely that something called by many people ObamaCare would be repealed by a President named Barack Obama. He, of course, would veto any legislation that ended the Affordable Care Act, his signature health care policy that he passed in his first term in office. 
So, again, it looks at what we do 
with this body. When one wonders why the approval ratings of the House of Representatives are as low and con-tinuing to plummet as they are, I think it is because rather than address the concerns of the American people around making health care work and more affordable and passing construc-tive laws through the system that ad-dress some of the shortcomings in ObamaCare, whether it is addressing some of the shortcomings in Dodd- Frank, rather than taking that path, this body instead is passing single- Chamber bills, like we are here today, with regard to undermining a rule that we haven’t even seen yet because some people think it might be counter-productive or bad. If it is, let’s have that discussion. 
But, again, as a Member of this body, 
I have been happy so far with the ef-forts of the Secretary of Labor to en-gage with the stakeholder groups and Members of this body to get this rule right. I honestly believe that the only reason this legislation was brought to the floor is it is hard for the Repub-lican caucus to agree on much else. It is hard for them to agree on something that might be a governing effort to pass. So, instead, we are dealing with single-Chamber bills. On weeks that we could be dealing with funding transpor-tation or infrastructure or cutting our deficit or going after government waste and fraud, we are instead repealing ObamaCare again and again and again or repealing a rule that we haven’t even seen because people think they might not like it if they do. 
Look, we have a choice in this body. 
The Republicans in the majority can either sit back and bring partisan leg-islation to the floor each week and watch costs of the American people go up and watch problems go unsolved, or we can come to the table and start a serious discussion with the House and the Senate, with the President, with Members of this body on both sides of the aisle, about important things that actually move our country forward, grow our economy, promote our na-tional security, reduce our deficit, in-cluding the basics of keeping our gov-ernment open and paying our bills on time. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous ques-tion. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my 
time. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to just finalize some time here 
and just really look at this because what is really interesting in the last few minutes is many times in this—and I appreciate my colleague from Colo-rado—this is, frankly, why I believe most of us came into public service, is to have honest debate, go back and forth. But I will have to say as I close here, I do want to make it back to what this bill does and what this rule is that you are going to be voting on. It just says: Let the SEC go first. 
Now, I know that is hard to under-
stand. And if you are watching this, you might have a hard time under-standing because my friend just said that we won’t wait on a rule and then that we are repealing a rule. So I am not sure how you can repeal a rule that you have not waited on, and if the rule is not there, you are repealing. No, we are simply saying: Let the SEC go first. So you can’t repeal something that your own statement said you are waiting on. 
And, also, by the way, a Dear Col-
league letter that says that we know from many, many of my Democrat friends across the aisle are sending around saying: DOL, we have got a lot of concerns about this; we want to make sure you do it right. I think this is a good way to do it, and it is called being part of a bipartisan solution here on the floor, and let’s put it back right and let it go that way instead of send-ing a letter to DOL and letting them make sure they get it right because they acknowledge that there are real concerns about the workability of this rule in progress, and this is right now being circulated. 
I think I just want to say I support 
this bill, H.R. 1090, because I believe that men and women should have the ability to choose their type of financial professional who best meets their in-vestment needs. This isn’t about pro-tecting investors. It is about the ad-ministration once again telling fami-lies that they know what is best for them. They have told families that they know better when it comes to health care. They have told families they know better when it comes to education. They have told families they know better when it comes how and where to spend their money, and the results have been devastating. 
H.R. 1090 isn’t going to undo all the 
devastating impacts of this one-size- fits-all regulatory approach, but it will prevent from taking away the ability of families to plan their financial fu-ture. This bill passed with bipartisan support last Congress, and on behalf of my constituents, I deeply hope it does so again. 
Again, it is about who you fight for. 
It is a consistency. I will consistently stand here and say what is best for those hard-working, middle class, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.025 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7207 October 27, 2015 
lower income class, and anybody else 
who earns as much as they want to to have the access to get the financial planning they need in the way that is best for them without the interference of a bureaucratic organization that has taken so long and already shows re-sults from other places that are dev-astating. We are not going to do that. We are going to put this forward and let’s see who we are really standing with and who we are really standing for. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 491 O FFERED BY  
MR. POLIS OF COLORADO  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 932) to allow Ameri-cans to earn paid sick time so that they can address their own health needs and the health needs of their families. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on House Admin-istration, and the chair and ranking minor-ity member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. After general de-bate the bill shall be considered for amend-ment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Com-mittee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 932. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 
15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule ....  When the 
motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
b1330 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
C
ARTER of Georgia). The question is on 
ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings 
today on the motion to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Any record vote on the postponed 
question will be taken later. 
f 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
EXTENSION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3819) to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3819 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; RECONCILIATION OF 
FUNDS; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2015’’. 
(b) R
ECONCILIATION OF FUNDS .—The Sec-
retary of Transportation shall reduce the amount apportioned or allocated for a pro-gram, project, or activity under this Act in fiscal year 2016 by amounts apportioned or allocated pursuant to the Surface Transpor-tation and Veterans Health Care Choice Im-provement Act of 2015, including the amend-ments made by that Act, for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on Oc-tober 29, 2015. 
(c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; reconciliation of funds; 
table of contents. 
TITLE I—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
PROGRAM EXTENSION 
Subtitle A—Federal-Aid Highways 
Sec. 1001. Extension of Federal-aid highway 
programs. 
Sec. 1002. Administrative expenses. 
Subtitle B—Extension of Highway Safety 
Programs 
Sec. 1101. Extension of National Highway 
Traffic Safety Administration highway safety programs. 
Sec. 1102. Extension of Federal Motor Car-
rier Safety Administration pro-grams. 
Sec. 1103. Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish Res-
toration Act. 
Subtitle C—Public Transportation Programs 
Sec. 1201. Formula grants for rural areas. 
Sec. 1202. Apportionment of appropriations 
for formula grants. 
Sec. 1203. Authorizations for public trans-
portation. 
Sec. 1204. Bus and bus facilities formula 
grants. 
Subtitle D—Hazardous Materials 
Sec. 1301. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 1302. Ensuring safe implementation of 
positive train control systems. 
TITLE II—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
Sec. 2001. Extension of Highway Trust Fund 
expenditure authority. 
TITLE I—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
PROGRAM EXTENSION 
Subtitle A—Federal-Aid Highways 
SEC. 1001. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL-AID HIGH-
WAY PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1001(a) of the 
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.027 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7208 October 27, 2015 
2014 (128 Stat. 1840) is amended by striking 
‘‘October 29, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘November 20, 2015’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(1) H IGHWAY TRUST FUND .—Section 
1001(b)(1)(B) of the Highway and Transpor-tation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1840) is amended by striking ‘‘for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on Octo-ber 29, 2015, 
29⁄366of the total amount’’ and in-
serting ‘‘for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015, 
51⁄366 
of the total amount’’. 
(2) G ENERAL FUND .—Section 1123(h)(1) of 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 202 note) is amended by striking ‘‘and $2,377,049 out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out the pro-gram for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘and $4,180,328 out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out the pro-gram for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’. 
(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1001(c)(1)(B) of the 
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1840) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘October 29, 2015,’’ and in-
serting ‘‘November 20, 2015,’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘
29⁄366’’ and inserting 
‘‘51⁄366’’. 
(2) O BLIGATION CEILING .—Section 1102 of 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 104 note) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (a)(4) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(4) $5,595,839,851 for the period beginning 
on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015.’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)(12) by striking ‘‘, and 
for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000, less any reduc-tions that would have otherwise been re-quired for that year by section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), then mul-tiplied by 
29⁄366for that period’’ and inserting 
‘‘, and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000, less any reductions that would have otherwise been required for that year by section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), then mul-tiplied by 
51⁄366for that period’’; 
(C) in subsection (c)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by 
striking ‘‘October 29, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘November 20, 2015’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2) in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and end-ing on October 29, 2015, that is equal to 
29⁄366 
of such unobligated balance’’ and inserting ‘‘for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015, that is equal to 
51⁄366of such unobligated balance’’; 
and 
(D) in subsection (f)(1) in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘Octo-ber 29, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘November 20, 2015’’. 
SEC. 1002. ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 
Section 1002 of the Highway and Transpor-
tation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1842) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a)(2) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(2) $61,311,475 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(2) by striking ‘‘and for 
the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015, subject to the limitations on administrative expenses under the heading ‘Federal Highway Admin-istration’’’ and inserting ‘‘and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on 
November 20, 2015, subject to the limitations on administrative expenses for the Federal Highway Administration and Appalachian Regional Commission’’. 
Subtitle B—Extension of Highway Safety 
Programs 
SEC. 1101. EXTENSION OF NATIONAL HIGHWAY 
TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION HIGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF PROGRAMS .— 
(1) H IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—Section 
31101(a)(1)(D) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(D) $32,745,902 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015.’’. 
(2) H
IGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT .—Section 31101(a)(2)(D) of MAP–21 
(126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(D) $15,815,574 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015.’’. 
(3) N
ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PROGRAMS .— 
Section 31101(a)(3)(D) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(D) $37,901,639 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015.’’. 
(4) N
ATIONAL DRIVER REGISTER .—Section 
31101(a)(4)(D) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(D) $696,721 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015.’’. 
(5) H
IGH VISIBILITY ENFORCEMENT PRO -
GRAM .— 
(A) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 31101(a)(5)(D) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(D) $4,040,984 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015.’’. 
(B) L
AW ENFORCEMENT CAMPAIGNS .—Section 
2009(a) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note) is amended— 
(i) in the first sentence by striking ‘‘Octo-
ber 29, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘November 20, 2015’’; and 
(ii) in the second sentence by striking ‘‘Oc-
tober 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘November 20, 2015,’’. 
(6) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 
31101(a)(6)(D) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(D) $3,553,279 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015.’’. 
(b) C
OOPERATIVE RESEARCH AND EVALUA -
TION.—Section 403(f)(1) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $198,087 of the total amount available for ap-portionment to the States for highway safe-ty programs under section 402(c) in the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $348,361 of the total amount available for ap-portionment to the States for highway safe-ty programs under section 402(c) in the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23.—Section 
31101(c) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended by striking ‘‘October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘November 20, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1102. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL MOTOR CAR-
RIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) M OTOR CARRIER SAFETY GRANTS .—Sec-
tion 31104(a)(11) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(11) $30,377,049 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015.’’. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 
31104(i)(1)(K) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(K) $36,090,164 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015.’’. 
(c) G
RANT PROGRAMS .— 
(1) C OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE PROGRAM  
IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .—Section 4101(c)(1) of 
SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $2,377,049 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on Octo-ber 29, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $4,180,328 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’. 
(2) B
ORDER ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .—Section 
4101(c)(2) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $2,535,519 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and end-ing on October 29, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $4,459,016 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’. 
(3) P
ERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION INFOR -
MATION SYSTEM MANAGEMENT GRANT PRO -
GRAM .—Section 4101(c)(3) of SAFETEA–LU 
(119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $396,175 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $696,721 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on No-vember 20, 2015’’. 
(4) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS -
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT PROGRAM .— 
Section 4101(c)(4) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $1,980,874 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $3,483,607 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’. 
(5) S
AFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .— 
Section 4101(c)(5) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $237,705 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $418,033 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’. 
(d) H
IGH-PRIORITY ACTIVITIES .—Section 
31104(k)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and up to $1,188,525 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and up to $2,090,164 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’. 
(e) N
EW ENTRANT AUDITS .—Section 
31144(g)(5)(B) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and up to $2,535,519 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘and up to $4,459,016 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on No-vember 20, 2015,’’. 
(f) O
UTREACH AND EDUCATION .—Section 
4127(e) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1741) is amended by striking ‘‘and $316,940 to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and in-serting ‘‘and $557,377 to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’. 
(g) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR COMMERCIAL  
MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS .—Section 4134(c) 
of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is amended by striking ‘‘and $79,235 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $139,344 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1103. DINGELL-JOHNSON SPORT FISH RES-
TORATION ACT. 
Section 4 of the Dingell-Johnson Sport 
Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777c) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘October 29, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘November 20, 2015’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.006 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7209 October 27, 2015 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(A) by striking ‘‘Oc-
tober 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘November 20, 2015,’’. 
Subtitle C—Public Transportation Programs 
SEC. 1201. FORMULA GRANTS FOR RURAL AREAS. 
Section 5311(c)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘and 
$396,175 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $696,721 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on No-vember 20, 2015,’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and 
$1,980,874 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $3,483,607 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on No-vember 20, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1202. APPORTIONMENT OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS FOR FORMULA GRANTS. 
Section 5336(h)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $2,377,049 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘and $4,180,328 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1203. AUTHORIZATIONS FOR PUBLIC TRANS-
PORTATION. 
(a) F ORMULA GRANTS .—Section 5338(a) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘and 
$681,024,590 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $1,197,663,934 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘and 
$10,205,464 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $17,947,541 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and 
$792,350 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $1,393,443 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on No-vember 20, 2015,’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘and 
$353,281,011 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $621,287,295 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’; 
(D) in subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘and 
$20,466,393 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $35,992,623 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’; 
(E) in subparagraph (E)— (i) by striking ‘‘and $48,159,016 for the pe-
riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $84,693,443 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and $2,377,049 for the pe-
riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $4,180,328 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘and $1,584,699 for the pe-
riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $2,786,885 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (F) by striking ‘‘and 
$237,705 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $418,033 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on No-vember 20, 2015,’’; (G) in subparagraph (G) by striking ‘‘and 
$396,175 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $696,721 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on No-vember 20, 2015,’’; 
(H) in subparagraph (H) by striking ‘‘and 
$305,055 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $536,475 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on No-vember 20, 2015,’’; 
(I) in subparagraph (I) by striking ‘‘and 
$171,615,027 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $301,805,738 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’; 
(J) in subparagraph (J) by striking ‘‘and 
$33,896,721 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $59,611,475 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’; and 
(K) in subparagraph (K) by striking ‘‘and 
$41,669,672 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $73,281,148 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’. 
(b) R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT DEMONSTRA -
TION AND DEPLOYMENT PROJECTS .—Section 
5338(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $5,546,448 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and end-ing on October 29, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $9,754,098 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’. 
(c) T
RANSIT COOPERATIVE RESEARCH PRO-
GRAM .—Section 5338(c) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $554,645 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $975,410 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on No-vember 20, 2015’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND STANDARDS  
DEVELOPMENT .—Section 5338(d) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $554,645 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $975,410 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on No-vember 20, 2015’’. 
(e) H
UMAN RESOURCES AND TRAINING .—Sec-
tion 5338(e) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $396,175 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $696,721 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’. 
(f) C
APITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS .—Section 
5338(g) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $151,101,093 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and end-ing on October 29, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $265,729,508 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’. 
(g) A
DMINISTRATION .—Section 5338(h) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘and 
$8,240,437 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $14,491,803 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on No-vember 20, 2015’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘and not 
less than $396,175 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and not less than $696,721 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘and not 
less than $79,235 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and not less than $139,344 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’. SEC. 1204. BUS AND BUS FACILITIES FORMULA 
GRANTS. 
Section 5339(d)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and $5,189,891 for the period 
beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $9,127,049 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘$99,044 for such period’’ and 
inserting ‘‘$174,180 for such period’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘$39,617 for such period’’ and 
inserting ‘‘$69,672 for such period’’. 
Subtitle D—Hazardous Materials 
SEC. 1301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5128(a)(4) of title 
49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(4) $5,958,639 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015.’’. 
(b) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS EMERGENCY  
PREPAREDNESS FUND.—Section 5128(b)(2) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL YEAR 2016 .—From the Hazardous 
Materials Emergency Preparedness Fund es-tablished under section 5116(i), the Secretary may expend for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015— 
‘‘(A) $26,197 to carry out section 5115; ‘‘(B) $3,037,705 to carry out subsections (a) 
and (b) of section 5116, of which not less than $1,902,049 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5116(b); 
‘‘(C) $20,902 to carry out section 5116(f); ‘‘(D) $87,090 to publish and distribute the 
Emergency Response Guidebook under sec-tion 5116(i)(3); and 
‘‘(E) $139,344 to carry out section 5116(j).’’. 
(c) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS TRAINING  
GRANTS .—Section 5128(c) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $316,940 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $557,377 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on No-vember 20, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1302. ENSURING SAFE IMPLEMENTATION OF 
POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL SYSTEMS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Positive Train Control Enforce-ment and Implementation Act of 2015’’. 
(b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 20157 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘18 months after the date 
of enactment of the Rail Safety Improve-ment Act of 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘90 days after the date of enactment of the Positive Train Control Enforcement and Implementa-tion Act of 2015’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘develop and’’; (C) by striking ‘‘a plan for implementing’’ 
and inserting ‘‘a revised plan for imple-menting’’; 
(D) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and in-
serting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’; and 
(E) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘parts’’ 
and inserting ‘‘sections’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (a)(2) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(2) I
MPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(A) C ONTENTS OF REVISED PLAN .—A re-
vised plan required under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(i) describe— ‘‘(I) how the positive train control system 
will provide for interoperability of the sys-tem with the movements of trains of other railroad carriers over its lines; and 
‘‘(II) how, to the extent practical, the posi-
tive train control system will be imple-mented in a manner that addresses areas of greater risk before areas of lesser risk; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.006 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7210 October 27, 2015 
‘‘(ii) comply with the positive train control 
system implementation plan content re-quirements under section 236.1011 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations; and 
‘‘(iii) provide— ‘‘(I) the calendar year or years in which 
spectrum will be acquired and will be avail-able for use in each area as needed for posi-tive train control system implementation, if such spectrum is not already acquired and available for use; 
‘‘(II) the total amount of positive train 
control system hardware that will be in-stalled for implementation, with totals sepa-rated by each major hardware category; 
‘‘(III) the total amount of positive train 
control system hardware that will be in-stalled by the end of each calendar year until the positive train control system is imple-mented, with totals separated by each hard-ware category; 
‘‘(IV) the total number of employees re-
quired to receive training under the applica-ble positive train control system regula-tions; 
‘‘(V) the total number of employees that 
will receive the training, as required under the applicable positive train control system regulations, by the end of each calendar year until the positive train control system is im-plemented; 
‘‘(VI) a summary of any remaining tech-
nical, programmatic, operational, or other challenges to the implementation of a posi-tive train control system, including chal-lenges with— 
‘‘(aa) availability of public funding; ‘‘(bb) interoperability; ‘‘(cc) spectrum; ‘‘(dd) software; ‘‘(ee) permitting; and ‘‘(ff) testing, demonstration, and certifi-
cation; and 
‘‘(VII) a schedule and sequence for imple-
menting a positive train control system by the deadline established under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) A
LTERNATIVE SCHEDULE AND SE -
QUENCE .—Notwithstanding the implementa-
tion deadline under paragraph (1) and in lieu of a schedule and sequence under paragraph (2)(A)(iii)(VII), a railroad carrier or other en-tity subject to paragraph (1) may include in its revised plan an alternative schedule and sequence for implementing a positive train control system, subject to review under paragraph (3). Such schedule and sequence shall provide for implementation of a posi-tive train control system as soon as prac-ticable, but not later than the date that is 24 months after the implementation deadline under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(C) A
MENDMENTS .—A railroad carrier or 
other entity subject to paragraph (1) may file a request to amend a revised plan, in-cluding any alternative schedule and se-quence, as applicable, in accordance with section 236.1021 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
‘‘(D) C
OMPLIANCE .—A railroad carrier or 
other entity subject to paragraph (1) shall implement a positive train control system in accordance with its revised plan, including any amendments or any alternative schedule and sequence approved by the Secretary under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(3) S
ECRETARIAL REVIEW .— 
‘‘(A) N OTIFICATION .—A railroad carrier or 
other entity that submits a revised plan under paragraph (1) and proposes an alter-native schedule and sequence under para-graph (2)(B) shall submit to the Secretary a written notification when such railroad car-rier or other entity is prepared for review under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) C
RITERIA .—Not later than 90 days 
after a railroad carrier or other entity sub-mits a notification under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall review the alternative schedule and sequence submitted pursuant to 
paragraph (2)(B) and determine whether the railroad carrier or other entity has dem-onstrated, to the satisfaction of the Sec-retary, that such carrier or entity has— 
‘‘(i) installed all positive train control sys-
tem hardware consistent with the plan con-tents provided pursuant to paragraph (2)(A)(iii)(II) on or before the implementa-tion deadline under paragraph (1); 
‘‘(ii) acquired all spectrum necessary for 
implementation of a positive train control system, consistent with the plan contents provided pursuant to paragraph (2)(A)(iii)(I) on or before the implementation deadline under paragraph (1); 
‘‘(iii) completed employee training re-
quired under the applicable positive train control system regulations; 
‘‘(iv) included in its revised plan an alter-
native schedule and sequence for imple-menting a positive train control system as soon as practicable, pursuant to paragraph (2)(B); 
‘‘(v) certified to the Secretary in writing 
that it will be in full compliance with the re-quirements of this section on or before the date provided in an alternative schedule and sequence, subject to approval by the Sec-retary; 
‘‘(vi) in the case of a Class I railroad car-
rier and Amtrak, implemented a positive train control system or initiated revenue service demonstration on the majority of territories, such as subdivisions or districts, or route miles that are owned or controlled by such carrier and required to have oper-ations governed by a positive train control system; and 
‘‘(vii) in the case of any other railroad car-
rier or other entity not subject to clause (vi)— 
‘‘(I) initiated revenue service demonstra-
tion on at least 1 territory that is required to have operations governed by a positive train control system; or 
‘‘(II) met any other criteria established by 
the Secretary. 
‘‘(C) D
ECISION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the receipt of the notification from a railroad carrier or other entity under sub-paragraph (A), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) approve an alternative schedule and 
sequence submitted pursuant to paragraph (2)(B) if the railroad carrier or other entity meets the criteria in subparagraph (B); and 
‘‘(II) notify in writing the railroad carrier 
or other entity of the decision. 
‘‘(ii) D
EFICIENCIES .—Not later than 45 days 
after the receipt of the notification under 
subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall pro-vide to the railroad carrier or other entity a written notification of any deficiencies that would prevent approval under clause (i) and provide the railroad carrier or other entity an opportunity to correct deficiencies before the date specified in such clause. 
‘‘(D) R
EVISED DEADLINES .— 
‘‘(i) P ENDING REVIEWS .—For a railroad car-
rier or other entity that submits a notifica-tion under subparagraph (A), the deadline for implementation of a positive train control system required under paragraph (1) shall be extended until the date on which the Sec-retary approves or disapproves the alter-native schedule and sequence, if such date is later than the implementation date under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(ii) A
LTERNATIVE SCHEDULE AND SEQUENCE  
DEADLINE .—If the Secretary approves a rail-
road carrier or other entity’s alternative schedule and sequence under subparagraph (C)(i), the railroad carrier or other entity’s deadline for implementation of a positive train control system required under para-graph (1) shall be the date specified in that railroad carrier or other entity’s alternative schedule and sequence. The Secretary may 
not approve a date for implementation that is later than 24 months from the deadline in paragraph (1).’’; 
(3) by striking subsections (c), (d), and (e) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRESS REPORTS AND REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) P ROGRESS REPORTS .—Each railroad 
carrier or other entity subject to subsection (a) shall, not later than March 31, 2016, and annually thereafter until such carrier or en-tity has completed implementation of a posi-tive train control system, submit to the Sec-retary a report on the progress toward im-plementing such systems, including— 
‘‘(A) the information on spectrum acquisi-
tion provided pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A)(iii)(I); 
‘‘(B) the totals provided pursuant to sub-
clauses (III) and (V) of subsection (a)(2)(A)(iii), by territory, if applicable; 
‘‘(C) the extent to which the railroad car-
rier or other entity is complying with the implementation schedule under subsection (a)(2)(A)(iii)(VII) or subsection (a)(2)(B); 
‘‘(D) any update to the information pro-
vided under subsection (a)(2)(A)(iii)(VI); 
‘‘(E) for each entity providing regularly 
scheduled intercity or commuter rail pas-senger transportation, a description of the resources identified and allocated to imple-ment a positive train control system; 
‘‘(F) for each railroad carrier or other enti-
ty subject to subsection (a), the total num-ber of route miles on which a positive train control system has been initiated for rev-enue service demonstration or implemented, as compared to the total number of route miles required to have a positive train con-trol system under subsection (a); and 
‘‘(G) any other information requested by 
the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) P
LAN REVIEW .—The Secretary shall at 
least annually conduct reviews to ensure that railroad carriers or other entities are complying with the revised plan submitted under subsection (a), including any amend-ments or any alternative schedule and se-quence approved by the Secretary. Such rail-road carriers or other entities shall provide such information as the Secretary deter-mines necessary to adequately conduct such reviews. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Not later than 
60 days after receipt, the Secretary shall make available to the public on the Internet Web site of the Department of Transpor-tation any report submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) or subsection (d), but may ex-clude, as the Secretary determines appro-priate— 
‘‘(A) proprietary information; and ‘‘(B) security-sensitive information, in-
cluding information described in section 1520.5(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
July 1, 2018, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate a report on the progress of each railroad carrier or other entity subject to subsection (a) in imple-menting a positive train control system. 
‘‘(e) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary is au-
thorized to assess civil penalties pursuant to chapter 213 for— 
‘‘(1) a violation of this section; ‘‘(2) the failure to submit or comply with 
the revised plan required under subsection (a), including the failure to comply with the totals provided pursuant to subclauses (III) and (V) of subsection (a)(2)(A)(iii) and the spectrum acquisition dates provided pursu-ant to subsection (a)(2)(A)(iii)(I); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.006 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7211 October 27, 2015 
‘‘(3) failure to comply with any amend-
ments to such revised plan pursuant to sub-section (a)(2)(C); and 
‘‘(4) the failure to comply with an alter-
native schedule and sequence submitted under subsection (a)(2)(B) and approved by the Secretary under subsection (a)(3)(C).’’; 
(4) in subsection (h)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) P
ROVISIONAL OPERATION .—Notwith-
standing the requirements of paragraph (1), the Secretary may authorize a railroad car-rier or other entity to commence operation in revenue service of a positive train control system or component to the extent nec-essary to enable the safe implementation and operation of a positive train control sys-tem in phases.’’; 
(5) in subsection (i)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) 
through (3) as paragraphs (3) through (5), re-spectively; and 
(B) by inserting before paragraph (3) (as so 
redesignated) the following: 
‘‘(1) E
QUIVALENT OR GREATER LEVEL OF  
SAFETY .—The term ‘equivalent or greater 
level of safety’ means the compliance of a railroad carrier with— 
‘‘(A) appropriate operating rules in place 
immediately prior to the use or implementa-tion of such carrier’s positive train control system, except that such rules may be changed by such carrier to improve safe op-erations; and 
‘‘(B) all applicable safety regulations, ex-
cept as specified in subsection (j). 
‘‘(2) H
ARDWARE .—The term ‘hardware’ 
means a locomotive apparatus, a wayside interface unit (including any associated leg-acy signal system replacements), switch po-sition monitors needed for a positive train control system, physical back office system equipment, a base station radio, a wayside radio, a locomotive radio, or a communica-tion tower or pole.’’; and 
(6) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(j) E
ARLY ADOPTION .— 
‘‘(1) O PERATIONS .—From the date of enact-
ment of the Positive Train Control Enforce-ment and Implementation Act of 2015 through the 1-year period beginning on the 
date on which the last Class I railroad car-rier’s positive train control system subject to subsection (a) is certified by the Secretary under subsection (h)(1) of this section and is implemented on all of that railroad carrier’s lines required to have operations governed by a positive train control system, any rail-road carrier, including any railroad carrier that has its positive train control system certified by the Secretary, shall not be sub-ject to the operational restrictions set forth in sections 236.567 and 236.1029 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, that would apply where a controlling locomotive that is operating in, or is to be operated in, a posi-tive train control-equipped track segment experiences a positive train control system failure, a positive train control operated consist is not provided by another railroad carrier when provided in interchange, or a positive train control system otherwise fails to initialize, cuts out, or malfunctions, pro-vided that such carrier operates at an equiv-alent or greater level of safety than the level achieved immediately prior to the use or im-plementation of its positive train control system. 
‘‘(2) S
AFETY ASSURANCE .—During the period 
described in paragraph (1), if a positive train control system that has been certified and implemented fails to initialize, cuts out, or malfunctions, the affected railroad carrier or other entity shall make reasonable efforts to determine the cause of the failure and ad-just, repair, or replace any faulty component 
causing the system failure in a timely man-ner. 
‘‘(3) P
LANS .—The positive train control 
safety plan for each railroad carrier or other entity shall describe the safety measures, such as operating rules and actions to com-ply with applicable safety regulations, that will be put in place during any system fail-ure. 
‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION .—During the period de-
scribed in paragraph (1), if a positive train control system that has been certified and implemented fails to initialize, cuts out, or malfunctions, the affected railroad carrier or other entity shall submit a notification to the appropriate regional office of the Federal Railroad Administration within 7 days of the system failure, or under alternative location and deadline requirements set by the Sec-retary, and include in the notification a de-scription of the safety measures the affected railroad carrier or other entity has in place. 
‘‘(k) S
MALL RAILROADS .—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall amend section 236.1006(b)(4)(iii)(B) of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (relating to equipping loco-motives for applicable Class II and Class III railroads operating in positive train control territory) to extend each deadline under such section by 3 years. 
‘‘(l) R
EVENUE SERVICE DEMONSTRATION .— 
When a railroad carrier or other entity sub-ject to (a)(1) notifies the Secretary it is pre-pared to initiate revenue service demonstra-tion, it shall also notify any applicable ten-ant railroad carrier or other entity subject to subsection (a)(1).’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
20157(g), is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
ONFORMING REGULATORY AMEND -
MENTS .—Immediately after the date of the 
enactment of the Positive Train Control En-forcement and Implementation Act of 2015, the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) shall remove or revise the date-spe-
cific deadlines in the regulations or orders implementing this section to the extent nec-essary to conform with the amendments made by such Act; and 
‘‘(B) may not enforce any such date-spe-
cific deadlines or requirements that are in-consistent with the amendments made by such Act. 
‘‘(3) R
EVIEW .—Nothing in the Positive 
Train Control Enforcement and Implementa-tion Act of 2015, or the amendments made by such Act, shall be construed to require the Secretary to issue regulations to implement such Act or amendments other than the reg-ulatory amendments required by paragraph (2) and subsection (k).’’. 
TITLE II—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 2001. EXTENSION OF HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
EXPENDITURE AUTHORITY. 
(a) H IGHWAY TRUST FUND.—Section 9503 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘October 30, 2015’’ in sub-
sections (b)(6)(B), (c)(1), and (e)(3) and insert-ing ‘‘November 21, 2015’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘Surface Transportation 
and Veterans Health Care Choice Improve-ment Act of 2015’’ in subsections (c)(1) and (e)(3) and inserting ‘‘Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2015’’. 
(b) S
PORT FISHRESTORATION AND BOATING  
TRUST FUND.—Section 9504 of such Code is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Surface Transportation 
and Veterans Health Care Choice Improve-ment Act of 2015’’ each place it appears in subsection (b)(2) and inserting ‘‘Surface 
Transportation Extension Act of 2015’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘October 30, 2015’’ in sub-
section (d)(2) and inserting ‘‘November 21, 2015’’. 
(c) L
EAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANK 
TRUST FUND.—Section 9508(e)(2) of such Code 
is amended by striking ‘‘October 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘November 21, 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) and the 
gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D EFAZIO) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on H.R. 3819. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 3819, which 
extends Federal surface transportation programs through November 20, 2015. 
This bill allows States to continue to 
fund transportation projects, and it prevents 4,100 U.S. Department of Transportation employees from being furloughed. H.R. 3819 funds these pro-grams at the authorized levels for fis-cal year 2014. No offsets or transfers of funding to the highway trust fund are necessary for this extension since the trust fund will remain solvent during this period. 
Last week, the Committee on Trans-
portation and Infrastructure unani-mously approved a bipartisan, multiyear surface transportation reau-thorization bill. This extension will en-able the House to continue its work on this important legislation. H.R. 3819 also includes critical language extend-ing the deadline for railroads to imple-ment positive train control technology to 2018. 
We have known for some time that 
railroads simply cannot meet the con-gressionally mandated positive train control, or PTC, deadline of December 31, 2015. What has become more appar-ent is how catastrophic it would be for the Nation’s economy if we don’t ex-tend the deadline now. 
Without an extension, railroads will 
stop shipping important chemicals critical to manufacturing, agriculture, clean drinking water, and other indus-trial activities. In fact, some railroads are already notifying shippers they will stop accepting chemical shipments by December 1. This is creating extreme uncertainty across a variety of groups that rely on rail shipments, from farm-ers who need ammonia for fertilizer, to water utilities that need chlorine to purify drinking water. 
Some industrial companies have al-
ready begun the planning process for 
shutting down plants because they can-not operate without chemicals deliv-ered by rail. We have heard from one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.006 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7212 October 27, 2015 
chemical company in New Hampshire 
that said its railroad will stop picking up chlorine on November 13. 
This company is the only supplier of 
chlorine to the entire six-State New England region for drinking water and wastewater treatment. Therefore, after November 13, New England could very well be without chlorine to clean its water. 
On a broader scale, a PTC-related rail 
shutdown would pull $30 billion out of the economy in one quarter alone and lead to 700,000 jobs lost in just one month. It is our responsibility to ex-tend this deadline now and avoid such harm to the Nation’s economy. 
This language is based on bipartisan, 
bicameral work over the last several weeks, and it would ensure that rail-roads implement positive train control as quickly as possible. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support 
H.R. 3819. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
On July 1, when we last visited the 
issue of a short-term extension for sur-face transportation, I bemoaned the fact that little progress had been made on a long-term, 6-year bill. I am pleased today that I don’t have to use the same talking points. 
We did, through the actual legisla-
tive process—with lengthy negotia-tions leading up to it—pass out of com-mittee a 6-year bill, which relates to policies that would underlie a 6-year investment in our crumbling infra-structure. That is the good news. 
It was ultimately a bipartisan effort 
in the tradition of the committee. 
There is not too much to make par-tisan about moving goods and people from here to there efficiently except for those who are opposed to the Fed-eral Government being involved and, who, luckily, don’t represent a major-ity on our committee. So that is the good news. 
The bad news is we still do not have 
the funding mechanism before us, so we have to do another short-term exten-sion. Also, the currently stated objec-tive for funding is totally inadequate. I mean, America is falling apart. It is embarrassing, actually. 
These States, including many all-red 
Republican States—14 States—have voted to raise gas taxes since 2013 to invest in maintaining or in rebuilding their infrastructure or in building out new transportation options to get their citizens and goods out of congestion— 14 States. Since 2008, nearly half of the States have taken action to raise more funds. 
The Federal Government last raised 
the gas tax in 1993, and we are told any increase in user fees—gas tax, barrel tax, indexation of the gas tax, vehicle miles traveled—is all off the table. We cannot ask those who use the system to pay user fees to improve the system that they use on a daily basis. I think the American people are more realistic than that. Luckily, this bill contains a provi-
sion that, should this Congress or a fu-ture, more enlightened Congress decide to allocate additional funds, those funds will flow through under the poli-cies set out in this bill and the for-mulas set out in this bill without any further action by Congress, as it is really a good idea to avoid coming to Congress for anything whenever you can. So that is, I think, a very impor-tant provision of the bill. 
There is an AP story today that kind 
of goes to the heart of this, and it talks about the fact that, in many States, they are abandoning roads and bridges. We are not just talking about the rural heartland anymore. This has been somewhat commonplace in the rural heartland, where they have been say-ing, ‘‘We can’t afford to pave these roads anymore. We are going back to gravel.’’ We are talking about King County in Washington State. We are talking about the counties and State areas surrounding Des Moines, Iowa. 
We are talking about major urban 
areas and the fact that, since the Fed-eral Government has failed to invest and to live up to its partnership for major, critical urban area projects or major projects for our ports or other choke points on the system, States have had to concentrate resources there. 
They have tried to raise more money, 
again, with no help from the Federal Government. Now they are having to abandon the 20th-century transpor-tation system. I mean, that is pretty darned pathetic, that we are not hold-ing up our end of that bargain and making any effort to do that. So that is the bad news part. 
As the chairman mentioned, this bill 
also includes critical provisions to ex-tend positive train control deadlines. With the exception of some portion of Amtrak, nobody will be able to meet the deadline of January 1, which does mean an extraordinary disruption of the movement of freight and commuter and passenger rail across the United States. 
We have worked very hard with the 
Senate in negotiations, and we have a bicameral agreement on the extension. It is tough. It says we are not going to get to this point again. It is not going to be kick the can, kick the can, kick the can. 
It says that all of the entities that 
are required to put in place positive train control will put forward a plan for approval with measurable bench-marks over this 3-year period, and they will be tracked as to meeting those benchmarks during that 3-year period. 
So it won’t be that, suddenly, we get 
to the end of 3 years and we hear from a majority of freight and/or passenger- commuter railroads, saying, ‘‘Gee, we just can’t make it.’’ 
We will know where we are headed 
and will be able to target our efforts on those who are lagging behind. At the end of that, yes, it will be possible to get another extension, but they all will have had to have installed the equip-
ment. 
The reality is that this is an expen-
sive and complicated process, and put-ting in the equipment is, obviously, the first critical part and turning it on, but then it can take up to 2 years to get it certified as operational. So we are ac-ceding to that reality in this legisla-tion by saying: 3 years and measurable goals to get to the 3 years. Everybody is up with installation, and, hopefully, most will be operational at that point. 
Some may not be due to cir-
cumstances beyond their control, even though they have made the necessary investments, and under negotiations with the Secretary of Transportation, they could get further extensions. So that is a very time-sensitive portion of this bill. 
I have had many colleagues on my 
side saying, ‘‘I am really tired of these short-term extensions. I really don’t want to vote for another one.’’ 
I have said that this is different. We 
have the policy in place—we don’t have the funding yet—and we have got this very critical element of positive train control. 
I am urging Members on my side of 
the aisle to support this proposal. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ), the subcommittee chairman 
on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials. 
Mr. DENHAM. I thank Chairman 
S
HUSTER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, 
and Ranking Member C APUANO for 
working with us to develop this impor-tant piece of legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation would 
ensure that railroads actually imple-ment positive train control. We need to do it as quickly as possible and as safe-ly as possible for the safety of our country. 
As chairman of the Railroads, Pipe-
lines, and Hazardous Materials Sub-committee, we have been monitoring the railroads’ progress in imple-menting PTC, positive train control, including holding a hearing in June that brought stakeholders in from across the country so as to understand exactly what the impacts are. 
We have known for some time that 
most railroads simply won’t be done with positive train control implemen-tation by the end of this year. Now, several different things went into the delays of this, one of which is the FCC, where you have two government agen-cies not working together to get the tens of thousands of poles permitted so that they could actually have the com-munication interface. 
PTC is a huge undertaking, requiring 
38,000 wayside interfaces be installed along 60,000 miles of track. In addition, 18,000 locomotives need to be upgraded and 12,000 signals need to be replaced. All of these elements need to be seamlessly communicated across dif-ferent railroads. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.030 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7213 October 27, 2015 
But what is important here is that 
we actually have benchmarks in place on implementation, that we have re-porting on the progress and enforce-ment of the metrics throughout the en-tire extension. We need to make sure that this gets done right and that it gets done quickly. 
Given this obvious need for an exten-
sion, a few weeks ago, Chairman S
HU-
STER and I, with Ranking Members 
DEFAZIO and C APUANO , introduced a 3- 
year PTC extension. This bipartisan piece of legislation has garnered over 130 coauthors. Additionally, more than 200 stakeholders have signed letters to the Transportation Committee who support a PTC extension. 
Just to give you a few examples from 
California: 
If we don’t extend the PTC deadline, 
the Altamont Corridor Express com-muter rail service will shut down, put-ting more commuters on California’s congested highways. 
In the Central Valley, farmers will be 
negatively impacted, as farmers rely on rail for their fertilizers and our dairies and our cattle yards depend on feed that only comes in on rail. That is why the California Farm Bureau Fed-eration and the California League of Wheat Growers are supporting a PTC extension deadline. 
Those are just a few examples of 
broad and wide agreement among rail-roads, shippers, and consumers that Congress should pass this legislation. 
In conclusion, we have worked in a 
bipartisan manner with our Senate counterparts to develop this legisla-tion, and I believe this bill will ensure that PTC gets done as soon as possible and as safely as possible. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ), the 
ranking Democrat. 
b1345 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Chairman S HUSTER and Chairman 
GRAVES as well as Ranking Member 
DEFAZIO for working with me and for 
all of us being able to work together on what will be, when it gets to the floor in November, I believe, the first 6-year or long-term transportation bill in 10 years. That is why it is possible not to fret that we are now going through an-other extension. 
As a matter of fact, the States have 
the funds until January. These short- term extensions have compelled the States to stash their money without spending all of it because what they need to get to are long-term projects or at least projects that take more than a few months or a year or two, so we are making progress. When we authorize a 6-year bill, there will be a real burden on us to make sure that, in fact, it is 6 years. 
I would advise my colleagues to sup-
port this last short-term extension. It is bipartisan. It is both Chambers. It avoids furloughs. 
There is a bill waiting off stage. How-
ever, there is a funding mystery. I don’t like mysteries, particularly with 
long-term bills. But I have to believe that the appropriate committee is meeting every day—it must be in se-cret—in order to fund this bill. 
At least we have done our work, and 
we have done it in a bipartisan way. I won’t trouble with the entire bill. There will be time to get to that. 
I will say, on positive train control, 
that I regret there had to be a 3-year extension. I do think that puts at jeop-ardy those that have to be in these 
trains—employees and passengers. As I looked at what it took to do positive train control, I don’t think we had any alternative. So that gives people 3 years. 
With the benchmarks, I hope that we 
will get most of this done way before 2018. I don’t like permitting individual waivers because, after all, there have been at least 2 years spent trying to do something about positive train control, and the jeopardy is clear when we see what has happened already with re-spect to terrible crashes that have taken human life. 
Finally, I just want to say that per-
haps the greatest challenge we have is a challenge that we must meet. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
S
IMPSON ). The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
an additional 1 minute to the gentle-woman. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, and that 
is a new way to fund the highway trust fund. There is in the final bill some ex-perimentation that I regard as urgent. 
I thank my good friends on both sides 
of the aisle for this short-term exten-sion, which I hope will be the last in a very long time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to support this legislation. 
I first want to thank Chairman S HU-
STER as well as Ranking Member D EFA-
ZIOfor their hard work in marking up 
a meaningful, long-term transportation bill. It truly is something our country has eagerly anticipated, and we appre-ciate both you and your staff’s hard work for giving our country the cer-tainty that is needed on road and rail projects. 
I also want to say I appreciate you 
including a deadline extension for the full implementation of positive train control safety technology. While this technology is vitally important for safety and many reasons, it has become increasingly clear that our Nation’s passenger and freight railroads are un-able to meet the current deadline. 
As a farmer, I can tell you the result-
ing shutdown our country’s freight net-work could experience if this deadline is not extended would have devastating consequences for both our farms and our entire Nation’s economy. I appre-ciate your swift attention to this issue. 
I urge all of my colleagues’ support. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
I just want to say my heartfelt 
thanks to the leaders of the Democrats on the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Mr. D
EFAZIO and 
Ms. N ORTON , for getting this extension 
until November 20. It doesn’t give us much time, but we need to get down to work, get this passed next week, get it into conference, and work to get this on the floor as soon as possible. 
I also thank them for a sound exten-
sion to PTC, which is absolutely vital to the Nation’s economy to get this thing extended so we continue rail shipments and to make sure that we have got something in place that gets this important technology deployed in a reasonable way, a responsible way to make sure that our rail system con-tinues to be even safer than it is today. It is a very, very safe system today. 
So I urge all my colleagues to sup-
port this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to express my support for this extension and I truly hope this is the last one we need to pass for a very long time. This extension also addresses an emergency involving Positive Train Control (PTC). 
Positive Train Control (PTC) is a critical sys-
tem and it’s very important that we address this issue in a rational manner. We need to implement positive train control as soon as hu-manly possible, but we need to get it done right. I don’t want to see a situation where the federal government is fining railroads on a daily basis or picking winners and losers, be-cause I don’t think that is good for anyone. Our railroads are a critical part of our nation’s economy and I’d much rather have them spending their money on implementing PTC and improving and expanding their infrastruc-ture. 
I believe wholeheartedly that reauthorizing a 
surface transportation bill will give the econ-omy just the type of boost it needs. A long term transportation bill will strengthen our in-frastructure, provides quality jobs, and serves as a tool to put America back on a path to-ward long-term economic growth. 
Last week the Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture Committee passed a fair bill that moves us closer to sending a long term bill for Presi-dent Obama to sign in to law. 
This important legislation included a critical 
freight grant program, additional programs and funding for transit systems and their operators, continues the Transportation Alternatives Pro-gram (TAP) and creates a new non-motorized safety grant program, includes a much needed extension of Positive Train Control (PTC) im-plementation, increased funding for Grade Crossings, Requires more information on Haz-ardous Trains to State Emergency Response Commissions, incentivizes states to combat racial profiling, and extends the Disadvan-taged Business Enterprise (DBE) Program. 
Unfortunately, without critically needed addi-
tional funds, we’re robbing Peter to pay Paul and forcing our states and local transportation agencies to pay more for New Starts and other programs while limiting their flexibility to use these funds. And we’re missing out on an opportunity to ensure our infrastructure is meeting the needs of the disadvantaged and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.031 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7214 October 27, 2015 
working class to ensure they have fair access 
to employment and economic centers. 
We absolutely need to do more to protect 
pedestrians and bike riders from harm. Ac-cording to the May 2014 Pedestrian Danger Index (PDI), Orlando is ranked as the most dangerous place for pedestrians, with Jack-sonville and Tampa also included in the top five most dangerous cities. This bill spends more time protecting corporations from liability than it does protecting the traveling public. Moreover, we need to ensure that all sizes and modes of transportation are treated equal-ly in the freight grant program and should re-move any caps on funding for these entities. 
Again, I encourage my colleagues to sup-
port this extension and support bringing a long term transportation bill to the House floor as soon as possible. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I rise to speak on H.R. 3819, ‘‘Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2015,’’ which reauthorizes federal-aid highway and transit programs for three weeks through November 20, 2015. 
The bill also extends by three years the De-
cember 31, 2015 deadline for railroads to in-stall positive train control systems but, within 90 days of enactment, all affected railroads must submit to the U.S. Department of Trans-
portation a revised PTC compliance plan. 
Mr. Speaker, instead of this 22-day tem-
porary extension, I would have strongly pre-ferred that we were debating a comprehen-sive, fair, equitable, and long-term transpor-tation reauthorization bill the nation des-perately needs. 
We have had two years to do so. Democrats want such a bill as does the 
President, but apparently our friends across the aisle do not since they have spent the last two years wasting time on advocating policies wanted by no one except for the right-wing ex-tremists of the Tea Party. 
But I reluctantly support this emergency but 
temporary measure because as the Depart-ment of Transportation has reported, if we do not act now highway trust fund balances will reach dangerously low levels by November 20 and result in a reduction of payments to states by an average of 28 percent. 
Many states have already begun to cancel 
or delay planned construction projects, threat-ening 700,000 jobs, including 106,100 jobs in my home state of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, the Highway Trust Fund was 
created in 1956 during the Eisenhower Admin-istration to help finance construction of the Interstate Highway System, which modernized the nation’s transportation infrastructure and was instrumental in making the United States the world’s dominant economic power for two generations. 
Our national leaders then understood that 
investing in our roads and bridges strength-ened our economy, created millions of good- paying jobs, and improved the quality of life for all Americans. 
It is currently composed of two accounts 
that fund federal-aid highway and transit projects built by states. Federal funding from the trust fund accounts for a major portion of state transportation spending. 
The Highway Trust Fund is financed by gas-
oline and diesel taxes, which until the last dec-ade produced a steady increase in revenues sufficient to accommodate increased levels of spending on highway and transit projects. However, those tax rates—18.4 cents/gallon 
federal tax on gasoline and a 24.4 cents/gal-lon tax on diesel fuel—have remained un-changed since 1993 and were not indexed to inflation so the value of those revenues has eroded over the years, and, combined with the fact that vehicles have been getting increas-ingly better mileage, the revenues deposited into the Highway Trust Fund beginning last decade have not kept pace with highway and transit spending from the trust fund. 
Consequently, since 2008, Congress has 
periodically had to transfer at the 11th hour general Treasury revenues into the trust fund to pay for authorized highway and transit spending levels and avoid a funding shortfall. 
The total amount to date is more than $62 
billion. 
Obviously, this practice is economically inef-
ficient and injects uncertainty in the highway construction plans, projects, and schedules of state and local transportation agencies, not to mention the anxiety it causes to workers and businesses whose economic livelihood is de-pendent on those projects. 
Mr. Speaker, the last transportation author-
ized by Congress for 4 years or more, SAFETEA–LU, expired on September 30, 2009, at the end of FY 2009. 
Because Congress and the Administration 
could not agree to a new reauthorization, it was necessary to resort to stop-gap temporary extensions on no less than eight occasions spanning a period of 910 days before Con-gress finally enacted the ‘‘Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act’’ (MAP–21 Act) on July 6, 2012, which reauthorized high-way and transportation programs through Fis-cal Year 2014, a little more than two years, or until September 30, 2014. 
MAP–21 was intended as a short-term 
measure to give Congress and the Administra-tion breathing room to reach agreement on a long-term reauthorization bill. 
Yet, as Mr. L
EVIN, the Ranking Member of 
the Ways and Means Committee, has often pointed out, since gaining the majority in 2010, our Republican colleagues have failed to take any action to sustain the Highway Trust Fund over the long-term and shore up vital infra-structure projects and has not held even a sin-gle hearing on financing options for the High-way Trust Fund. 
Instead, House Republicans have wasted 
the nation’s time voting to repeal the Afford-able Care Act more than 60 times, waging a War on Women, pursuing partisan investiga-tions into the Benghazi tragedy, the IRS, defunding Planned Parenthood, and trying to overturn President Obama’s executive actions that make our immigration enforcement laws less inhumane. 
Instead of doing their job, House Repub-
licans big new idea is to attack the President for doing his job. 
Mr. Speaker, it is long past time for this 
Congress, and especially the House majority, to focus on the real problems and challenges facing the American people. 
And one of the biggest of those challenges 
is ensuring that America has a transportation policy and the infrastructure needed to com-pete and win in the global economy of the 21st Century. 
To do that we have to extend the reauthor-
ization of current transportation programs and to authorize the transfer of the funds to the Highway Trust Fund needed to fund author-ized construction projects and keep 700,000 
workers, including 106,100 in Texas on the job. 
But that is only a start and just a part of our 
job. 
The real work that needs to be done in the 
remaining days of this Congress is to reach an agreement on a long-term highway and trans-portation bill that is fair, equitable, fiscally re-sponsible, creates jobs and leads to sustained economic growth. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3819. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: 
Ordering the previous question on 
House Resolution 491; 
Adopting House Resolution 491, if or-
dered; 
Ordering the previous question on 
House Resolution 450; and 
Adopting House Resolution 450, if or-
dered. 
The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 1090, RETAIL INVESTOR PROTECTION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 491) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1090) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to provide protections for retail customers, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 242, nays 185, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 570] 
YEAS—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) 
Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.007 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7215 October 27, 2015 
Collins (GA) 
Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) 
Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan 
Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—185 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison 
Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee 
Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott 
McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Costa Franks (AZ) Hurt (VA) Meeks 
Pearce Roskam Takai 
b1417 
Mr. FATTAH changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. SALMON and GOODLATTE 
changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not present for rollcall vote No. 570, a re-corded vote on the previous question on H. Res. 491. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 244, noes 186, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 571] 
AYES—244 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost 
Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz 
Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham 
Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart 
Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) 
Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus 
Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—186 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver 
Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.008 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7216 October 27, 2015 
Kildee 
Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) 
Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—4 
Meeks 
Pearce Roskam 
Takai 
b1425 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 597, REFORM EXPORTS AND EXPAND THE AMERICAN ECONOMY ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 450) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 597) to reau-thorize the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 271, nays 158, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 572] 
YEAS—271 
Adams 
Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) 
Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw 
Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur 
Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) 
Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney Meehan Meng Mica Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Rangel 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) 
NAYS—158 
Abraham 
Allen Amash Babin Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz 
Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Culberson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett 
Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp 
Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kline Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McSally Meadows Messer Miller (FL) 
Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Roby Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—5 
Meeks 
Pearce Rice (SC) 
Roskam Takai 
b1432 
So the previous question was ordered. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 275, nays 154, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 573] 
YEAS—275 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Ashford Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart 
Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.010 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7217 October 27, 2015 
Hastings 
Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko 
Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum 
McDermott McGovern McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney Meehan Meng Mica Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik 
Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) 
NAYS—154 
Allen 
Amash Babin Barr Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Crawford Culberson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) 
Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Kline Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta 
Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McSally Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Roby Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Trott Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Williams Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—5 
Amodei 
Meeks Pearce 
Roskam Takai 
b1440 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall 
573, I would like to be recorded as voting ‘‘yea.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I hur-
riedly returned to the House chamber from a meeting. I voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 573. I in-tended to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK REFORM 
AND REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 450, the House will proceed to the immediate consid-eration of the bill (H.R. 597) to reau-thorize the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes, which the Clerk will report by title. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 450, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of H.R. 3611 is adopted, and the bill, as amend-ed, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 597 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Export-Import Bank Reform and Reau-thorization Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—TAXPAYER PROTECTION PRO-
VISIONS AND INCREASED ACCOUNT-ABILITY 
Sec. 101. Reduction in authorized amount of 
outstanding loans, guarantees, and insurance. 
Sec. 102. Increase in loss reserves. Sec. 103. Review of fraud controls. Sec. 104. Office of Ethics. Sec. 105. Chief Risk Officer. Sec. 106. Risk Management Committee. Sec. 107. Independent audit of bank port-
folio. 
Sec. 108. Pilot program for reinsurance. 
TITLE II—PROMOTION OF SMALL 
BUSINESS EXPORTS 
Sec. 201. Increase in small business lending 
requirements. Sec. 202. Report on programs for small and 
medium-sized businesses. 
TITLE III—MODERNIZATION OF 
OPERATIONS 
Sec. 301. Electronic payments and docu-
ments. 
Sec. 302. Reauthorization of information 
technology updating. 
TITLE IV—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Sec. 401. Extension of authority. 
Sec. 402. Certain updated loan terms and 
amounts. 
TITLE V—OTHER MATTERS 
Sec. 501. Prohibition on discrimination 
based on industry. 
Sec. 502. Negotiations to end export credit 
financing. 
Sec. 503. Study of financing for information 
and communications tech-nology systems. 
TITLE I—TAXPAYER PROTECTION PROVI-
SIONS AND INCREASED ACCOUNT-ABILITY 
SEC. 101. REDUCTION IN AUTHORIZED AMOUNT 
OF OUTSTANDING LOANS, GUARAN-TEES, AND INSURANCE. 
Section 6(a) of the Export-Import Bank 
Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e(a)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) A PPLICABLE AMOUNT DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘applicable amount’, for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019, means $135,000,000,000. 
‘‘(3) F
REEZING OF LENDING CAP IF DEFAULT  
RATE IS 2 PERCENT OR MORE .—If the rate cal-
culated under section 8(g)(1) is 2 percent or more for a quarter, the Bank may not exceed the amount of loans, guarantees, and insur-ance outstanding on the last day of that quarter until the rate calculated under sec-tion 8(g)(1) is less than 2 percent.’’. 
SEC. 102. INCREASE IN LOSS RESERVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVE REQUIREMENT .—The Bank 
shall build to and hold in reserve, to protect against future losses, an amount that is not less than 5 percent of the aggregate amount of disbursed and outstanding loans, guaran-tees, and insurance of the Bank.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 103. REVIEW OF FRAUD CONTROLS. 
Section 17(b) of the Export-Import Bank 
Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a– 6(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) R
EVIEW OF FRAUD CONTROLS .—Not 
later than 4 years after the date of the enact-ment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, and every 4 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— 
‘‘(1) review the adequacy of the design and 
effectiveness of the controls used by the Ex-port-Import Bank of the United States to prevent, detect, and investigate fraudulent applications for loans and guarantees and the compliance by the Bank with the con-trols, including by auditing a sample of Bank transactions; and 
‘‘(2) submit a written report regarding the 
findings of the review and providing such recommendations with respect to the con-trols described in paragraph (1) as the Comp-troller General deems appropriate to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.015 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7218 October 27, 2015 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Financial Services 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 104. OFFICE OF ETHICS. 
Section 3 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) O
FFICE OF ETHICS .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
an Office of Ethics within the Bank, which shall oversee all ethics issues within the Bank. 
‘‘(2) H
EAD OF OFFICE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The head of the Office of 
Ethics shall be the Chief Ethics Officer, who shall report to the Board of Directors. 
‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthor-ization Act of 2015, the Chief Ethics Officer shall be— 
‘‘(i) appointed by the President of the Bank 
from among persons— 
‘‘(I) with a background in law who have ex-
perience in the fields of law and ethics; and 
‘‘(II) who are not serving in a position re-
quiring appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Ethics Officer; and 
‘‘(ii) approved by the Board. ‘‘(C) D
ESIGNATED AGENCY ETHICS OFFICIAL .— 
The Chief Ethics Officer shall serve as the designated agency ethics official for the Bank pursuant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App. 101 et seq.). 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Office of Ethics has ju-
risdiction over all employees of, and ethics matters relating to, the Bank. With respect to employees of the Bank, the Office of Eth-ics shall— 
‘‘(A) recommend administrative actions to 
establish or enforce standards of official con-duct; 
‘‘(B) refer to the Office of the Inspector 
General of the Bank alleged violations of— 
‘‘(i) the standards of ethical conduct appli-
cable to employees of the Bank under parts 2635 and 6201 of title 5, Code of Federal Regu-lations; 
‘‘(ii) the standards of ethical conduct es-
tablished by the Chief Ethics Officer; and 
‘‘(iii) any other laws, rules, or regulations 
governing the performance of official duties or the discharge of official responsibilities that are applicable to employees of the Bank; 
‘‘(C) report to appropriate Federal or State 
authorities substantial evidence of a viola-tion of any law applicable to the perform-ance of official duties that may have been disclosed to the Office of Ethics; and 
‘‘(D) render advisory opinions regarding 
the propriety of any current or proposed con-duct of an employee or contractor of the Bank, and issue general guidance on such matters as necessary.’’. 
SEC. 105. CHIEF RISK OFFICER. 
Section 3 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by section 104, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) C
HIEF RISKOFFICER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There shall be a Chief 
Risk Officer of the Bank, who shall— 
‘‘(A) oversee all issues relating to risk 
within the Bank; and 
‘‘(B) report to the President of the Bank. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Ex-port-Import Bank Reform and Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015, the Chief Risk Officer shall be— 
‘‘(A) appointed by the President of the 
Bank from among persons— ‘‘(i) with a demonstrated ability in the 
general management of, and knowledge of and extensive practical experience in, finan-cial risk evaluation practices in large gov-ernmental or business entities; and 
‘‘(ii) who are not serving in a position re-
quiring appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Risk Officer; and 
‘‘(B) approved by the Board. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Chief Risk 
Officer are— 
‘‘(A) to be responsible for all matters re-
lated to managing and mitigating all risk to which the Bank is exposed, including the programs and operations of the Bank; 
‘‘(B) to establish policies and processes for 
risk oversight, the monitoring of manage-ment compliance with risk limits, and the management of risk exposures and risk con-trols across the Bank; 
‘‘(C) to be responsible for the planning and 
execution of all Bank risk management ac-tivities, including policies, reporting, and systems to achieve strategic risk objectives; 
‘‘(D) to develop an integrated risk manage-
ment program that includes identifying, prioritizing, measuring, monitoring, and managing internal control and operating risks and other identified risks; 
‘‘(E) to ensure that the process for risk as-
sessment and underwriting for individual transactions considers how each such trans-action considers the effect of the transaction on the concentration of exposure in the over-all portfolio of the Bank, taking into ac-count fees, collateralization, and historic de-fault rates; and 
‘‘(F) to review the adequacy of the use by 
the Bank of qualitative metrics to assess the risk of default under various scenarios.’’. 
SEC. 106. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by sections 104 and 105, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) R
ISKMANAGEMENT COMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
a management committee to be known as the ‘Risk Management Committee’. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of the 
Risk Management Committee shall be the members of the Board of Directors, with the President and First Vice President of the Bank serving as ex officio members. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Risk Man-
agement Committee shall be— 
‘‘(A) to oversee, in conjunction with the 
Office of the Chief Financial Officer of the Bank— 
‘‘(i) periodic stress testing on the entire 
Bank portfolio, reflecting different market, industry, and macroeconomic scenarios, and consistent with common practices of com-mercial and multilateral development banks; and 
‘‘(ii) the monitoring of industry, geo-
graphic, and obligor exposure levels; and 
‘‘(B) to review all required reports on the 
default rate of the Bank before submission to Congress under section 8(g).’’. 
(b) T
ERMINATION OF AUDIT COMMITTEE .— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Board of Direc-tors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States shall revise the bylaws of the Bank to terminate the Audit Committee established by section 7 of the bylaws. 
SEC. 107. INDEPENDENT AUDIT OF BANK PORT-
FOLIO. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Inspector General of the 
Export-Import Bank of the United States shall conduct an audit or evaluation of the portfolio risk management procedures of the Bank, including a review of the implementa-tion by the Bank of the duties assigned to the Chief Risk Officer under section 3(l) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945, as 
amended by section 105. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than every 3 years there-after, the Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a written report containing all findings and determinations made in car-rying out subsection (a). 
SEC. 108. PILOT PROGRAM FOR REINSURANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any pro-
vision of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635 et seq.), the Export-Import Bank of the United States (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) may establish a pilot program under which the Bank may enter into contracts and other arrangements to share risks associated with the provision of guarantees, insurance, or credit, or the participation in the extension of credit, by the Bank under that Act. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF RISK-SHAR-
ING.— 
(1) P ER CONTRACT OR OTHER ARRANGE -
MENT .—The aggregate amount of liability 
the Bank may transfer through risk-sharing pursuant to a contract or other arrangement entered into under subsection (a) may not exceed $1,000,000,000. 
(2) P
ER YEAR .—The aggregate amount of li-
ability the Bank may transfer through risk- sharing during a fiscal year pursuant to con-tracts or other arrangements entered into under subsection (a) during that fiscal year may not exceed $10,000,000,000. 
(c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2019, the Bank shall submit to Congress a written report that contains a detailed analysis of the use of the pilot program carried out under subsection (a) during the year pre-ceding the submission of the report. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to affect, im-pede, or revoke any authority of the Bank. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program car-
ried out under subsection (a) shall terminate on September 30, 2019. 
TITLE II—PROMOTION OF SMALL 
BUSINESS EXPORTS 
SEC. 201. INCREASE IN SMALL BUSINESS LEND-
ING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(b)(1)(E)(v) of 
the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(1)(E)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
SEC. 202. REPORT ON PROGRAMS FOR SMALL 
AND MEDIUM-SIZED BUSINESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635g) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) R
EPORT ON PROGRAMS FOR SMALL AND  
MEDIUM -SIZED BUSINESSES .—The Bank shall 
include in its annual report to Congress under subsection (a) a report on the pro-grams of the Bank for United States busi-nesses with less than $250,000,000 in annual sales.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to the report of the Export-Import Bank of the United States submitted to Con-gress under section 8 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635g) for the first year that begins after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.013 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7219 October 27, 2015 
TITLE III—MODERNIZATION OF 
OPERATIONS 
SEC. 301. ELECTRONIC PAYMENTS AND DOCU-
MENTS. 
Section 2(b)(1) of the Export-Import Bank 
Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(M) Not later than 2 years after the date 
of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Bank shall implement policies— 
‘‘(i) to accept electronic documents with 
respect to transactions whenever possible, including copies of bills of lading, certifi-cations, and compliance documents, in such manner so as not to undermine any potential civil or criminal enforcement related to the transactions; and 
‘‘(ii) to accept electronic payments in all 
of its programs.’’. 
SEC. 302. REAUTHORIZATION OF INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY UPDATING. 
Section 3(j) of the Export-Import Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a(j)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2012, 2013, and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘(I) the 
funds’’ and inserting ‘‘(i) the funds’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2012, 2013, 
and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’. 
TITLE IV—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 401. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f) is amended by striking ‘‘2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
(b) D
UAL-USEEXPORTS .—Section 1(c) of 
Public Law 103–428 (12 U.S.C. 635 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the author-ity of the Export-Import Bank of the United States expires under section 7 of the Export- Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f)’’. 
(c) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICA ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE .—Section 2(b)(9)(B)(iii) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(9)(B)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the authority of the Bank expires under section 7’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the earlier of the date of the enactment of this Act or June 30, 2015. 
SEC. 402. CERTAIN UPDATED LOAN TERMS AND 
AMOUNTS. 
(a) L OANTERMS FOR MEDIUM -TERMFINANC -
ING.—Section 2(a)(2)(A) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(a)(2)(A)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-
serting a semicolon; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) with principal amounts of not more 
than $25,000,000; and’’. 
(b) C
OMPETITIVE OPPORTUNITIES RELATING  
TOINSURANCE .—Section 2(d)(2) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
(c) E
XPORT AMOUNTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS  
LOANS .—Section 3(g)(3) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a(g)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
(d) C
ONSIDERATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL EF-
FECTS .—Section 11(a)(1)(A) of the Export-Im-
port Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635i– 5(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000 or more’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘$25,000,000 (or, if less than $25,000,000, the threshold established pursuant to inter-national agreements, including the Common Approaches for Officially Supported Export Credits and Environmental and Social Due Diligence, as adopted by the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development Council on June 28, 2012, and the risk-man-agement framework adopted by financial in-stitutions for determining, assessing, and managing environmental and social risk in projects (commonly referred to as the ‘Equa-tor Principles’)) or more’’. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year there-after. 
TITLE V—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 501. PROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION 
BASED ON INDUSTRY. 
Section 2 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (6 U.S.C. 635 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) P
ROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION BASED  
ONINDUSTRY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
this Act, the Bank may not— 
‘‘(A) deny an application for financing 
based solely on the industry, sector, or busi-ness that the application concerns; or 
‘‘(B) promulgate or implement policies 
that discriminate against an application based solely on the industry, sector, or busi-ness that the application concerns. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The prohibitions 
under paragraph (1) apply only to applica-tions for financing by the Bank for projects concerning the exploration, development, production, or export of energy sources and the generation or transmission of electrical power, or combined heat and power, regard-less of the energy source involved.’’. 
SEC. 502. NEGOTIATIONS TO END EXPORT CRED-
IT FINANCING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11 of the Export- 
Import Bank Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–5) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘Secretary of the Treasury (in this section referred to as the ‘Secretary’)’’ and inserting ‘‘President’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘(OECD)’’ and inserting ‘‘(in 
this section referred to as the ‘OECD’)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘ultimate goal of elimi-
nating’’ and inserting ‘‘possible goal of eliminating, before the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the Ex-port-Import Bank Reform and Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015,’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Sec-
retary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘President’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON STRATEGY .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reau-thorization Act of 2015, the President shall submit to Congress a proposal, and a strat-egy for achieving the proposal, that the United States Government will pursue with other major exporting countries, including OECD members and non-OECD members, to eliminate over a period of not more than 10 years subsidized export-financing programs, tied aid, export credits, and all other forms of government-supported export subsidies. 
‘‘(d) N
EGOTIATIONS WITHNON-OECD M EM-
BERS .—The President shall initiate and pur-
sue negotiations with countries that are not OECD members to bring those countries into a multilateral agreement establishing rules and limitations on officially supported ex-port credits. 
‘‘(e) A
NNUAL REPORTS ON PROGRESS OF NE-
GOTIATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of the Export-Im-port Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, and annually thereafter through cal-endar year 2019, the President shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report on the progress of any negotiations described in subsection (d).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall apply with respect to reports re-quired to be submitted under section 11(b) of the Export-Import Bank Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–5(b)) after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 503. STUDY OF FINANCING FOR INFORMA-
TION AND COMMUNICATIONS TECH-NOLOGY SYSTEMS. 
(a) A NALYSIS OF INFORMATION AND COMMU -
NICATIONS TECHNOLOGY INDUSTRY USE OF  
BANK PRODUCTS .—The Export-Import Bank 
of the United States (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) shall conduct a study of the extent to which the products offered by the Bank are available and used by compa-nies that export information and commu-nications technology services and related goods. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—In conducting the study re-
quired by subsection (a), the Bank shall ex-amine the following: 
(1) The number of jobs in the United States 
that are supported by the export of informa-tion and communications technology serv-ices and related goods, and the degree to which access to financing will increase ex-ports of such services and related goods. 
(2) The reduction in the financing by the 
Bank of exports of information and commu-nications technology services from 2003 through 2014. 
(3) The activities of foreign export credit 
agencies to facilitate the export of informa-tion and communications technology serv-ices and related goods. 
(4) Specific proposals for how the Bank 
could provide additional financing for the ex-portation of information and communica-tions technology services and related goods through risk-sharing with other export cred-it agencies and other third parties. 
(5) Proposals for new products the Bank 
could offer to provide financing for exports of information and communications tech-nology services and related goods, includ-ing— 
(A) the extent to which the Bank is author-
ized to offer new products; 
(B) the extent to which the Bank would 
need additional authority to offer new prod-ucts to meet the needs of the information and communications technology industry; 
(C) specific proposals for changes in law 
that would enable the Bank to provide in-creased financing for exports of information and communications technology services and related goods in compliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank; 
(D) specific proposals that would enable 
the Bank to provide increased outreach to the information and communications tech-nology industry about the products the Bank offers; and 
(E) specific proposals for changes in law 
that would enable the Bank to provide the fi-nancing to build information and commu-nications technology infrastructure, in com-pliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank, to allow for market access oppor-tunities for United States information and communications technology companies to provide services on the infrastructure being financed by the Bank. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Bank shall submit to Congress a report that contains the results of the study required by subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill 
shall be debatable for 1 hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.013 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7220 October 27, 2015 
ranking minority member of the Com-
mittee on Financial Services or their designees. 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) and the gentlewoman from 
California (Ms. M AXINE WATERS ) each 
will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 30 seconds. 
Mr. Speaker, this is going to be an 
important debate that we have today because it is a debate about what type of economy we are going to have: an economy based upon fairness, where your prosperity is dependent upon how hard you work on Main Street; or is it dependent upon who you know in Washington? 
b1445 
I respect the views of all Members, 
but if we are ever—ever—to deal with the threat of a social welfare state, we must first take care of the corporate welfare state, and the face of the cor-porate welfare state is the Export-Im-port Bank. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), the 
chairman of the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee of the Financial Services Committee 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I appreciate the work that my chairman has done. I chair the Mone-tary Policy and Trade Subcommittee, the subcommittee that has jurisdiction directly over this. 
In the last conference when I was 
vice chair of that committee, we start-ed a work group looking at various re-forms that could happen, and that con-tinued on into this term. We had a number of us on all sides of the issue that were working together. 
The real problem arose, though, when 
those of us who felt that we needed to move in a direction where we were transferring that liability from the taxpayer back to businesses—when we felt that we were proposing some of those reforms, those who were most benefiting from the program said: Ab-solutely not. Not a direction we can go. Cannot be a phaseout. Cannot be a sun-set. Cannot be a change to make these recourse loans. Cannot make them only loans as opposed to grants. In other words, it was business as usual. 
It might be a good business decision 
to transfer business liability and risk to somebody else, but it is a bad idea to transfer that additional liability to the U.S. taxpayer. 
I think that we have a couple of 
issues in front of us, Mr. Speaker, as was talked about yesterday. First is the issue of the Ex-Im Bank and the entitlement mentality that has grown up, and that is just a symptom of it. 
As the chairman has said, if we can-
not take care of and tackle this enti-tlement mentality within the business community, how in the world are we going to have the moral standing to tackle that same entitlement men-tality on the social side of our spend-
ing? 
So it is sad to believe, in my mind, 
that some people think that this is the only or the best program that we can put forward for the U.S. to remain competitive on the world stage. 
We know that we have put ourselves 
at a disadvantage through the regu-latory environment that has been cre-ated not only under this administra-tion, but under previous administra-tions as well. We know that the tax re-gime that we have is also a huge prob-lem. 
I just ask that my colleagues oppose 
this effort to make sure that it is sta-tus quo in Washington, D.C. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday this House 
took a historic and bipartisan vote in support of reauthorizing the Export- Import Bank. We showed that Demo-crats and Republicans can work to-gether to overcome the obstruction caused by an ideologically driven mi-nority that put its own uncompro-mising principles over the needs of the American people. 
The 4-month shutdown of the Export- 
Import Bank engineered by the chair-man of the Financial Services Com-mittee has led to hopelessness, uncer-tainty, and fear for the many workers across this country whose livelihoods rely on the support of the Ex-Im Bank. 
As reports continued to pile in on the 
loss of jobs caused by the Bank’s shut-down, the chairman has remained de-liberately indifferent to the harm in-flicted on the lives of these Americans. The cost of this indifference is more than 100 transactions worth more than $9 billion that have been indefinitely put on hold pending the Bank’s reau-thorization. Unfortunately, many of these contracts have now been lost for good. 
Today we are showing the small-busi-
ness owners and their employees that this indifference does not extend to the whole House of Representatives. Sup-porters of the Bank care about them, about their jobs and their commu-nities. 
It is high time we reopened the Ex- 
Im Bank for business. Instead of ship-ping jobs abroad, let’s start shipping American exports again. Let’s put America back to work and pass this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN), the distinguished chairman of 
the House Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to express my 
strong disapproval for this bill for the Export-Import Bank. This is a pro-found debate we are having. It is about what kind of economy we are going to have. Are we going to reward good work or good connections? I think there are plenty of other ways to ex-
pand opportunity in this country, and corporate welfare is not one of them. 
The biggest beneficiaries of this 
bank, two-thirds of their money goes to ten companies and 40 percent goes to one company. And this bank does cost money. Just ask the Congressional Budget Office when they use real scorekeeping. 
Do you remember Fannie Mae? Do 
you remember their accounting? Do you remember when they told us they weren’t going to cost any money? Until they did. And it cost us billions. 
The other excuse, Mr. Speaker, that I 
just don’t buy is that other countries do this and so should we. We shouldn’t acquire other countries’ bad habits. We should be leading by example. We should be exporting democratic cap-italism, not crony capitalism. 
There is this criticism of those of the 
free enterprise system who compare it to competition like a sport where the critics of free enterprise say there is a winner and there is a loser, just like a boxing match or a football game. 
Well, that is true when it comes to 
crony capitalism. That is the case when it comes to corporate welfare be-cause, in that case, the winner is the person with the connections, it is the company with power, and it is the com-pany with clout. 
The loser is the person who is out 
there working hard, playing by the rules, not knowing anybody, not going to Washington, and hoping and think-ing that the merit of their idea and the quality of their work is what will win the day. That is what is rewarded under a free enterprise system. 
Free enterprise is more about col-
laboration. It is more about trans-actions of mutual benefit where every-body benefits, the rising tide lifts all boats, equality for all, and equal oppor-tunity. That is free enterprise. That is small d, democratic capitalism. This thing is crony capitalism. I urge it be rejected. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ), a member of the Financial 
Services Committee and the ranking member of the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee, which has juris-diction over the reauthorization of the Ex-Im Bank. I just want to take a mo-ment to recognize her tireless work on behalf of the reauthorization of the Ex- Im Bank. 
Ms. MOORE. I thank you so much, 
Madam Ranking Member. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure 
that I rise to support this bipartisan initiative to reauthorize the Export- Import Bank. The Export-Import Bank is about three things in this country that we need to be debating here more often, and that is jobs, jobs, and jobs. Getting the bill to the floor for this historic vote is about something the country also needs more of, and that is bipartisanship. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.043 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7221 October 27, 2015 
I am very distressed, Mr. Speaker, to 
continue to hear the debate that some-how the financing of the Export-Import Bank is contributing to the welfare state and that, if we are to tackle the social welfare programs under Social Security, we have got to get rid of this corporate welfare. 
I am distressed to continue to hear 
that defeating the Export-Import Bank is a backdoor approach to ending So-cial Security. If you listen very care-fully, colleagues, you are going to hear this over and over again. 
I do want to thank Representatives 
H
OYER , LUCAS , WATERS , HECK, FINCHER , 
and the House Members on both sides so that we can now go back to our dis-tricts, look U.S. workers in the eyes and say that we are not giving them welfare, that we are giving the thou-sands upon thousands upon thousands of people in the chain an opportunity to work for a living. This is not a Dem-ocrat or a Republican victory, but a victory for all our workers. 
I would ask that the body vote for 
the reauthorization of the Export-Im-port Bank. I hope the Senate takes our example and we send this to the Presi-dent for his signature. Our work and our businesses should not have to wait one more day to reignite this powerful engine of job creation. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. P
RICE), the distinguished 
chairman of the House Budget Com-mittee. 
Mr. PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the chairman. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a difficult and an 
important issue. With all due respect, I urge my colleagues to proceed with caution regarding a reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank, particularly under the procedural motion that has been used to get this bill to the floor today. 
Many Members, including myself, 
have real concerns that we are sidestepping the important work of our committees, in this case, both the Fi-nancial Services Committee and the Rules Committee. 
This leaves no room for amending or 
altering the legislation to better re-flect the overall will of the House. This bill is, in fact, not even a product of the House. It is the exact same text that was taken from the Senate, and, just like this one, it bypassed the com-mittee procedure over there as well. 
By shortchanging the process, this 
effort is shortchanging the debate that we should be having about legitimate disagreements over the Export-Import Bank, and, thereby, we are short-changing the American people. 
For example, we know that, by stat-
ute, 20 percent of the Export-Import Bank’s authorizations are supposed to go to small businesses. Yet, today only 1 percent of 1 percent of small busi-nesses are actually aided by the Bank. 
We also know that, when the Ex-Im 
subsidizes foreign corporations, it runs the risk of undermining American busi-ness. It is estimated that the Export- 
Import Bank has led to the loss of 7,500 jobs in the American airline industry alone and a loss of over $684 million in revenue. 
These are serious concerns at a time 
when we should be fostering a climate of healthy economic opportunity and growth right here at home rather than a system that effectively chooses win-ners and losers. 
It may not necessarily be the inten-
tion of my colleagues who supported this discharge petition effort to under-mine the legislative process or to di-minish the importance of our commit-tees or, above all, to limit what we can and should be having here, a healthy debate over legitimate policy disagree-ments. 
But, unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, 
that is precisely what is occurring. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this process and to stop this dangerous precedent from taking root. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK), a tireless 
advocate for our exporters who has never missed an opportunity to fight for the Export-Import Bank and the American workers it supports. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, I thank the ranking member. 
Mr. Speaker, watching the nonstop 
ideological warfare waged on the Ex-port-Import Bank over the last nearly 3 years reminds me of my very favorite Will Rogers adage: People feel about Congress the same way they do when baby gets hold of the hammer. And that is, in fact, what we have been treated to. 
But the fact of the matter is today 
we have an opportunity to turn that adage on its ear and do something that the American public will feel good about Congress for, for today we have an opportunity to vote for jobs, 164,000 
in just last calendar year supported by the Ex-Im, good-paying jobs, send- your-kid-to-college jobs, buy-a-home jobs, take-a-vacation jobs, and have-a- secure-retirement jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, tonight we have an op-
portunity to strengthen and protect the manufacturing base of America, be-cause the truth of the matter is it is not unrelated to our national defense infrastructure. The same entities that make up our manufacturing base keep us safe, and we should not forget that. 
Tonight we have an opportunity, in-
deed, to vote for reform of the Export- Import Bank despite the fact that it has a default rate that is the envy of commercial banks and a collection rate as well. 
Mr. Speaker, the truth of the matter 
is we can vote to increase loss reserves, improve risk management, modernize and update their IT, and notwith-standing what was said by the gen-tleman from Michigan, it also has a pilot recourse program in it on the re-insurance for payment side. 
Tonight we have an opportunity to 
vote for a reduction of the deficit. Yes. The Ex-Im for a generation has trans-
ferred cash—the heck with your theo-retical accounting model—transferred cash into the U.S. Treasury, $675 mil-lion just last fall. 
Let me say it again. Tonight we have 
an opportunity to vote for jobs. No more Waukesha, Wisconsins, Ms. M
OORE , no more Waukesha, Wiscon-
sins, where an entire factory is being shuttered because we have failed to do our job in reauthorizing the Export-Im-port Bank. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the 
ranking member, the leader, the whip, and especially I want to thank my friends, Mr. L
UCAS of Oklahoma and 
Mr. F INCHER of Tennessee, for their 
profile in courage. It was, indeed, a profile in courage to do the right thing. Tonight we have an opportunity to put American jobs first. Tonight we have an opportunity to put America first. 
I don’t know about you, but I came 
here from the private sector. I don’t re-side in some kind of fantasy plot with-in an Ayn Rand novel. I live in the real world, and in the real world we solve problems. This will solve problems. Vote ‘‘yes’’. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ), chairman of the 
Oversight and Government Reform Committee that held a number of key hearings on the Export-Import Bank. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I stand 
to express opposition to the reauthor-ization of the Export-Import Bank. 
As we look at these weighty issues, I 
think it is important that we look at both the liability and the account-ability in this factor. 
When you look at the reliability, 
whenever we make decisions about spending money, we are talking about pulling money out of somebody’s wal-let and giving it to somebody else. 
b1500 
And, in this case, as we look at liabil-
ity, we are taking every American’s wallet and putting it on the line and saying: Should we or should we not cre-ate liability for more individuals across the heartland? And for mom and dad, I just don’t think that is the right equation. I fundamentally disagree with it. 
If these are such good loans and they 
are so profitable, then do them in the private sector. You don’t need the Fed-eral Government to do them. 
And when it comes to accountability. 
Let’s remember, this is a bank that just this year had a bank employee who plead guilty to bribery—bribery of all things. The inspector general of the bank testified before our committee that they expect even more actions. And the inspector general on one project could not even validate more than $500 million in spending. And I can tell you, as the chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, they have not been trans-parent in giving us the information. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.045 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7222 October 27, 2015 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ), a member of the 
Financial Services Committee. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman for yielding and for her leader-ship. 
I rise in strong support of reauthor-
izing the Export-Import Bank. 
There is never really a good time to 
commit economic suicide, and now would be especially a bad time. The Ex-port-Import Bank creates jobs by sup-porting exports, and it costs taxpayers nothing—zero. In fact, since 1992, the Ex-Im has returned nearly $7 billion to the U.S. Treasury. 
Killing the Ex-Im Bank would be es-
pecially bad right now. Export demand is falling because of our strong dollar and economic headwinds in China and Greece and Europe. We have to remem-ber that there are 85 different export- import banks around the world from China to Canada, all of which are sup-porting exports more than we are. We are in a competitive world. They say when you lose a job, it goes somewhere else. But what the opposition isn’t say-ing is that it is going overseas. 
I support the Export-Import Bank, 
and we should vote for reauthorization. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. G ARRETT ), chair-
man of the Capital Markets Sub-committee of the Financial Services Committee. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman. 
In June of this year, after 81 years of 
doling out taxpayer-funded welfare for megacorporations, the American peo-ple said enough, and Congress let the Export-Import Bank expire. 
Yet, today, through a little known 
and little used legislative maneuver being used to circumvent the will of the American people, they are resur-recting this fund for corporate welfare. 
The Export-Import Bank transformed 
the role of government from a disin-terested referee in the economy into a biased actor that uses your taxpayer dollars to tilt the scales in favor of its friends, and it mocks the American Dream by making victims of the startups that dare to compete. 
If we promoted responsible govern-
ment policies, responsible budget poli-cies, expanded free markets, lowered and simplified the income taxes, and repealed onerous regulations, Amer-ican businesses would thrive in the global markets. But none of that is on the table today on what we are about to consider. 
Instead, the proposal before us is the 
resurrection of a bank that embodies the corruption of the free enterprise system. Yes, we have the opportunity today to save capitalism from cro-nyism. Yes, we have the opportunity to protect the American taxpayer and the American Dream and to preserve free enterprise. We have the opportunity today to keep the Export-Import Bank 
out of business. We should take each of those opportunities. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HER-
MAN), a member of the Financial Serv-
ices Committee. 
(Mr. SHERMAN asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, in the 
ideologically perfect world of Ayn Rand novels, there is no Ex-Im Bank for the United States or any other country. In the real world, Germany has an export credit agency. China has one. Canada has one. They are all much bigger than ours. 
When I gave 100 speeches for George 
McGovern, they accused us of favoring unilateral military disarmament. Now, we see some who are in favor of unilat-eral economic disarmament. Our prod-ucts face tough competition, and some-times the order goes to whomever has the best financing. Ninety percent of Ex-Im Bank’s loans go to small busi-ness and the other 10 percent help Big Business buy from American suppliers. Two hundred and fifty Members of this Congress support Ex-Im Bank, with particular courage among the 40-some-thing Republicans who signed the dis-charge petition. 
As co-chair of the CPA Caucus, let 
me tell you, the Ex-Im Bank makes a substantial profit under generally ac-cepted accounting principles. That is why they have been able to transfer $7 billion to the Treasury. 
Ronald Reagan said: The Export-Im-
port Bank contributes in a significant way to our Nation’s export sales. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ), a valu-
able Member of the House Financial Services Committee. 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank the chairman for yielding. 
I rise in opposition to H.R. 597, to the 
Export-Import Bank, and to the proc-ess Members have used to circumvent regular order and the amendment proc-ess of the House. 
I have more Delta employees in my 
district than any other district in the United States. Their jobs are at risk because the Export-Import Bank picks winners and losers in the American economy. 
When the Ex-Im Bank finances a Boe-
ing airplane for Emirates Airlines—as if Emirates Airlines would need any fi-nancing—the Bank is telling pilots and flight attendants and mechanics and others in my district that their jobs don’t matter to the government. That is wrong. 
My colleagues from Washington 
State and other areas want you to be-lieve that they are fighting for the jobs in their district, and I am sure they are. I am here fighting for the jobs of my constituents. My colleagues want their constituents to have jobs, but not my constituents. Well, I have news for my colleagues. 
I care about everyone’s job. I care about Boeing jobs, I care about Cater-pillar jobs, and, yes, I care about Delta jobs. I want the free market and the quality of U.S. products to dictate who gets contracts. This is how America was built—quality products made by quality employees stamped ‘‘Made in America.’’ 
Three years ago, Congress directed 
the Export-Import Bank to focus on an economic impact analysis to ensure the Bank knew the consequences of their lending decisions. Unfortunately, the Export-Import Bank acts as if they are above the requirements of Congress. In-stead of following the law, the leader-ship at the Export-Import Bank colluded with Boeing to design an eco-nomic impact analysis to keep the sta-tus quo in place. 
Mr. Speaker, if you don’t believe me, 
the House Financial Services Com-mittee has the emails to prove it. These are the bureaucrats that my col-leagues are up here protecting. It is shameful, truly shameful. 
To add insult to injury, my col-
leagues refuse to allow to offer amend-ments to defend my constituents. These are the very same people who cry ‘‘regular order’’ yet won’t deny the Members to have an ability to fight for their constituents. 
I ask everybody for a ‘‘no’’ vote. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
INOJOSA ), 
also a member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. 
Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in strong support of allowing the ma-jority of the Congress to work its will and reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. 
The Bank has supported more than 
1.3 million private sector American jobs since 2009, with nearly 90 percent of its transactions directly supporting 
small businesses. The Bank is an unbri-dled, market-driven success story that I am proud to support. 
Three months have passed since a 
small group of Tea Party Caucus mem-bers threw common sense out the win-dow and surrendered to an ideological drive to shut down the Bank despite warnings from across the private sec-tor of the devastating consequences for our economy, American small-business exporters, and their employees. 
Today, I stand side by side with my 
colleagues from across the aisle to fight for them, including Ventech Engi-neers International, based in my area of south Texas. Ventech manufactures small, pre-built oil refineries for export supplying fuel to remote and impover-ished areas. Ventech cannot create more jobs or assist in our national se-curity objectives without financing provided by the Bank. 
We cannot allow a small minority of 
the minority Chamber to block job cre-ation and weaken our international priorities. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.046 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7223 October 27, 2015 
California (Mr. M CCARTHY ), the distin-
guished Republican majority leader. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank the chairman for yielding. 
We are having a debate, a healthy de-
bate, but I don’t think this is the struc-ture or the forum in which we should have a debate about this because we don’t have the option for amendments. I think there is a better way to do this. 
People have two views about the ar-
gument today. But the real question of the debate we are having comes down to this: Do we let government pick and choose who it gives special taxpayer loans to or not? I believe our constitu-ents know very well what the right choice is. They don’t want their tax dollars backing up loans for any busi-nesses. That is not the government’s job. The private sector can and should do that. Our economy does best when the government is left out. 
When government gets involved try-
ing to centralize power and money in itself, corruption is inevitable. The Ex- Im Bank is a perfect example of this, and this is my concern. An inspector general is investigating at least 31 cases of fraud of the Ex-Im Bank, and this fraud has wasted millions of tax-
payer dollars. 
But it doesn’t stop there. A former 
Ex-Im Bank employee, Johnny Gutier-rez, pleaded guilty this year to taking bribes on 19 different occasions to help applicants get loans from the Ex-Im. 
Another Ex-Im Bank employee was 
indicted for taking $100,000 in bribes to help a Nigerian businessman get loans from the Ex-Im. 
And we all remember a Congressman, 
William Jefferson, who was sentenced to 13 years in prison for taking bribes to help a company get loans from the Ex-Im. 
You see, there is a pattern, a pattern 
that won’t be solved today, regardless of what side you are on. 
Since 2009, in fewer than 6 years, 
there have been 49 criminal judgments against Ex-Im Bank employees or peo-ple who benefited from the Ex-Im. Many of these people have gone to pris-on for it. In fact, if you add them all up, that is 75 years they are serving. 
Now, I wish I could tell you that was 
my only complaint and problem and it ended there, but it does get worse. A large number of loans of Ex-Im guaran-tees aren’t even for American compa-nies. The Bank actually uses taxpayer money to back up loans for companies owned by governments of China, Rus-sia, Saudi Arabia, and others. 
These loans to corporations outside 
of America don’t always go well. Do you remember NewSat? That is an Aus-tralia company that lost $139 million in taxpayer-backed loans. NewSat’s CEO allegedly diverted company funds to his yacht company. 
So the question, Mr. Speaker, is 
when does the corruption become too bad? When is it that too many people take bribes? How many taxpayer loans must be issued by fraud? 
So the question I have before this 
House is, if we are serious, if we want to really make a difference, let’s have 
a process that can change things, let’s have a process that can offer amend-ments, let’s have a process that offers an honest debate, and let’s not be shy about what the problems are because I think the American people expect more. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ), 
the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Oversight and Investiga-tions of the Financial Services Com-mittee. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, I thank the gentlewoman. 
There is a better way to do this. It is 
called regular order through the com-mittee process, bring it to the floor, and make amendments. However, when that doesn’t prevail, the rules allow for what we are doing today, which is ex-ceedingly important. 
I would say this: the Ex-Im Bank 
does not take deposits; it makes depos-its, and it makes deposits that help us with our deficit. The numbers have been called to our attention: in 2013, about $1 billion; in 2014, $675 million. But the Ex-Im Bank has done some-thing more important than all of these things that have been called to our at-tention for the most part. 
I think one of the most significant 
things that it has done is it has caused us to do something that we couldn’t do for ourselves, and that is create the bi-partisanship necessary to span the chasm of partisanship that has mani-fested itself in this House for too long. 
b1515 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ), another 
valuable member of the committee. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. I thank the chair-
man. 
Mr. Speaker, I suggest that someone 
has been missing from this debate. It is the forgotten man or woman—the ev-eryday taxpayer—who is being asked to carry a risk that those in the private sector will not. 
In 2008, we learned a tough lesson 
about privatizing profits and social-izing losses. During the good times, many in Congress cheered on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and their share-holders prospered while executives made millions; but when the good times ended, the taxpayers were forced to bail out Fannie and Freddie to the tune of $187 billion. 
The Federal Government is today the 
guarantor of more than $3 trillion in loans backed by numerous agencies. This level of taxpayer leverage is not sustainable, and we must begin to iden-tify parts of the portfolio that can be transitioned away from taxpayers. 
Given that 98 percent of our exports 
are made without the Export-Import Bank, the Bank is one agency that is suitable for transition over time to the private sector. 
However, in the immediate future, 
Congress must act to protect tax-payers. For example, in this reauthor-
ization, Congress could insist that these loans be fully collateralized, just as is the practice in the private sector. 
Congress could also require export-
ers, which profit from the Bank’s lend-ing to foreign purchasers of their prod-ucts, to guarantee the repayment of all or of even a fraction of these loans. 
If phased in smartly, reforms like 
these would mitigate the potential for the type of $3 billion bailout that the Ex-Im Bank sought in 1987, and they would also incentivize our trade rep-resentatives to actually initiate nego-tiations with our trading partners to eliminate all government-supported ex-port subsidies and protect the taxpayer from potential losses, which is just as they were supposed to do in the last re-authorization. 
Without these commonsense reforms, 
it is the taxpayer—the forgotten man or woman—and not the entity that made the profit who is on the hook for the loss. For that reason, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ so that real re-form proposals for this institution may be pursued. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ), a member 
of the Financial Services Committee. 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. I thank the 
ranking member for allowing me to speak. 
Mr. Speaker, in my district, which 
are the suburbs of Denver, 18 small companies benefit from the Export-Im-port Bank and the guarantees and the support that it provides—hundreds and hundreds of jobs. These are jobs in plastics, scientific equipment, food 
manufacturing, wood products, and electrical equipment. Those are the forgotten people in this argument. Those are real jobs, real people. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY said there were two 
questions. I think the two questions are: 
Should the United States unilater-
ally disarm at the expense of American businesses and U.S. jobs? I think the answer is a resounding ‘‘no.’’ 
The second question is: Should ide-
ology trump reality? The reality is that we are just going to give these jobs to countries all across the globe instead of having them here in Amer-ica. That is wrong. 
I urge the passage of H.R. 597. I thank Mr. H
ECK; I thank Mr. 
FINCHER ; and I thank Mr. L UCAS for 
bringing this forward. Let’s pass this bill today. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ), another val-
uable member of the committee. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. I thank the 
chairman. 
Mr. Speaker, have you ever had one 
of those instances in which you are lis-tening and you are trying to find a way to say, ‘‘I believe much of the argu-ment we are hearing here is intellectu-ally disingenuous’’? 
The fact of the matter is every year 
there are trillions and trillions of dol-lars of surety and import-export credit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.048 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7224 October 27, 2015 
that moves through the markets, and 
it doesn’t have a government guar-antee. It does not have a guarantee from our taxpayers. 
Look, this institution still has a $32 
million loan from pre-Castro Cuba on their books. When they tell you ‘‘Oh, we have this tiny number of charge- offs,’’ what they are telling you is a lie. 
Do you remember the hearings we 
had when we had the discussions as to what their impairments were? They just stared back at you because they didn’t want to have that discussion, be-cause every other financial institution has to honestly say, ‘‘Here are our im-pairments. On this one, it was oil. We only had this level of charge-off.’’ What they are not telling you is that they are still carrying loans that have sat on their books, without a payment, for 50 years. 
To every citizen of this country, un-
derstand that, when this piece of legis-lation passes, you have just been put on the hook. Your credit has just been put on the hook for these types of loans. 
That is what you intend to do to your 
taxpayers? That is what you are going to do to your constituencies? 
This piece of legislation also purports 
to have reforms in it. As for the re-forms, if they are not already doing these things, they should be locked up already because much of this is the most basic level that you would expect from any financial institution. 
Then I come to another tab from the 
GAO and see repeat, after repeat, after repeat where it has already been the law and they have been ignoring it. Yet we are going to re-charter them again—an organization to which we are going to claim we are providing re-forms when they are the very reforms from the last time we did this that they did not follow. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
IL-
DEE), a member of the Financial Serv-
ices Committee. 
Mr. KILDEE. I thank the ranking 
member for yielding and for her leader-ship on this issue, along with thanking Mr. H
ECK, Ms. M OORE , Mr. F INCHER , 
and Mr. L UCAS . 
Mr. Speaker, the Ex-Im Bank used to 
be bipartisan legislation. It is so inter-esting to hear the outrage expressed by Members on the other side for a pro-gram that was supported repeatedly by President Ronald Reagan. Where was your outrage then? I don’t recall the outrage back then because then it was fine. 
I also have heard that this is not the 
appropriate venue for this debate. This is the Congress of the United States of America, and I suspect that the Amer-ican people think this is a perfectly ap-propriate venue. 
The rule that we have utilized to 
bring this issue to the floor of the House is a rule that you wrote that al-lows Members of this body, by dis-charge petition, to bring legislation to the floor, supported by Republicans 
and Democrats. 
We are using the rules of the House 
that you wrote. This is not an inappro-priate venue. This is an argument about jobs for the American people, and I will use every venue available to me to fight for jobs for the American people. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair would remind Members to direct their remarks to the Chair and not to other Members. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, how 
much time remains on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has 13
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. The gentlewoman from Cali-fornia has 18
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), the chair-
man of the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee. 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. I thank 
the chairman. I appreciate the oppor-tunity to come back up here to talk again a little bit about this process. 
We were starting to talk about what 
had happened through the committee. There is a work group that was put to-gether both in the last Congress and in this Congress that came up with some, I think, very interesting things: re-forms. Included in the reforms was: How do we extract ourselves out of this? 
You see, here is what happened the 
last time. 
The last time the Bank was reauthor-
ized, it was through a short-circuited system much like we are experiencing today. It did not go through regular order. It did not have all of the backing that it needed. It was kind of jammed down on everybody on the House floor. 
To let that smooth over a little bit, 
there was a requirement that the U.S. Treasury start a negotiation with the Europeans about one specific product: the wide-body aircraft. That is what maintains a vast majority of the busi-ness of the Export-Import Bank. 
But here is the thing: The U.S. Treas-
ury ignored that directive. They ig-nored the law as they were compelled to go in and start talking about: How do we unwind ourselves internationally from this mess that has been created? 
Then, I think, there is a logical ques-
tion to ask, Mr. Speaker: If they are willing to ignore that part of the law, what part of the law that we are trying to reform now are they willing to ig-nore? 
My guess is all of it because, as I was 
talking about and as we were floating these ideas of various reforms of mak-ing these recourse loans, of making sure that—oh, I don’t know—a bank ex-aminer could come in and actually allow this ‘‘Bank’’ to pass any banking standards as their portfolio weighting is way off, they could never pass any kind of exam that any traditional bank would have to go through. 
Every time any of those kinds of 
commonsense reforms were proposed, the word came back from down on 
high—from those big companies that utilize this bank—and they said, ‘‘No way. No way are we going to allow this to happen.’’ So, truly, the characteriza-tion of this being regular order is way out of line, in my opinion. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ), 
who is also a member of the Financial Services Committee. 
Mrs. BEATTY. I thank Ranking 
Member W
ATERS . 
Mr. Speaker, here is what I know. The American people are clamoring 
for us to do our job and work together to help hard-working American fami-lies get ahead. We can do that today by reviving the Export-Import Bank, a job-creating organization that reduces the Federal debt—with no subsidies, with no taxpayers’ money. 
Last night my caucus and some Re-
publicans joined together to force to-day’s vote on reviving the Export-Im-port Bank. Why? Because it creates jobs. It helps small businesses, female- owned businesses. 
It is so important today for us to do 
this. I know it firsthand, Mr. Speaker, because, in my district alone, there are 14 businesses, including eight small businesses, one minority owned and one female owned. The Export-Import Bank supports some $71 million in ex-ports—and here is the key—at no cost to American taxpayers. 
We have heard a lot today, some mis-
informed, some misleading. So here is what I think, as the evidence is clear, Mr. Speaker: Let us renew the Bank’s charter without delay. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, in 
order to help equalize the time, I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY ). 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I have 
to speak fast. 
The Export-Import Bank is good for 
America, and the arguments against it, in my opinion, are un-American. 
This is the perfect Republican dream. 
It reduces the deficit. It adds to the Treasury. It creates jobs. It costs tax-payers nothing. It is unilateral disar-mament to not recharge and reauthor-ize the Export-Import Bank. I support the legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of reau-
thorizing the Export-Import Bank of the United States. 
In the darkest corner of the anti-empiricist 
wing of this Congress lies the plan to kill the Export-Import Bank. 
Opponents of the Bank do not care that it 
supports small businesses and creates jobs. 
Last year, nearly 90% of the Bank’s loans 
benefited small businesses, and those loans supported more than 164,000 jobs. 
Opponents are loath to admit that it reduces 
the federal budget deficit. 
Ex-Im returned $675 million to the Treasury 
last year and more than $1 billion in each of the previous two years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.050 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7225 October 27, 2015 
Opponents disregard the Bank’s support for 
American exports. 
Every other industrialized nation has an ex-
port-import bank, and this unilateral disar-mament would cede American competitive-ness. 
I ask that my colleagues reject this blind 
pursuit of ideological purity, and reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ). 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I stand in 
support of the Ex-Im Bank. 
Hundreds of families in New York’s 
Capital Region face uncertainty after one of the largest employers had to move jobs to France because its con-tracts needed a government-backed loan guarantee that the Ex-Im Bank would have provided. 
I thank my colleagues on the other 
side of the aisle for their leadership. It is too bad that it took procedural gym-nastics to finally receive a vote on a bill with such broad, bipartisan sup-port. Look what we can accomplish when we work together to do what is best for the thousands of people we each represent in this body. 
The Export-Import Bank equals jobs. 
Let’s get it done. Let’s put people be-fore politics. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. I thank the gen-
tlewoman. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of re-
authorizing the Ex-Im Bank. 
You have two types of people. You 
have practical people who care about real solutions for American workers and American businesses, and you have slaves to ideology. Practical people want the Ex-Im Bank reauthorized. 
This is supporting good-paying, fam-
ily-sustaining manufacturing export jobs, and the people in opposition are slavishly adhering to this ideology that hurts America. In this case, the Ex-Im Bank returns a profit to the American people and it reduces the deficit and the debt. We ought to reauthorize it. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
b1530 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ). 
(Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in strong support of this bipartisan Ex-port-Import Bank reauthorization. 
The Ex-Im Bank was founded by FDR 
to increase the competitiveness of American exports. It provides signifi-cant capital for U.S. companies and provides opportunities for U.S. jobs, al-lowing our companies to be competi-
tive with companies overseas. 
It provides confidence to businesses 
and investors, allowing them to com-pete in the global marketplace. In Rhode Island alone, The Bank has helped 26 businesses with a combined export value of $134 million. 
The Ex-Im Bank is a vital part of our 
Nation’s economic infrastructure, and I urge my colleagues to support its reau-thorization. 
Mr. HENSARLING. I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 597, the renewal of the United States Export-Import, or Ex-Im, Bank. 
In Pennsylvania, the Ex-Im Bank is 
essential to the economic health throughout Pennsylvania’s Fifth Dis-trict, supporting 11,000 jobs. The Bank supports 40,000 jobs across the com-monwealth in nearly 300 companies, adding $7 billion to Pennsylvania’s economy since 2007. 
Exporters in my district range from 
powdered metal companies to tech-nology firms and to those involved in the manufacture of rubber and plastic products. All of these businesses pro-vide jobs which sustain our local com-munities. Since 2007, exports from the Fifth Congressional District in Penn-sylvania have amounted to more than $1.3 billion, supporting thousands of jobs in rural Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, the Ex-Im Bank is not a 
burden on the taxpayers. In fact, in 2013, The Bank covered its own ex-penses before directing more than a billion dollars into the U.S. Treasury. 
Now, I was proud to join a bipartisan 
group of my colleagues to bring re-newal of The Bank to the floor today and to cast a vote in favor of the bill’s passage. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ). 
Mr. D ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, Ronald 
Reagan once said the closest thing to eternal life on Earth is a government bureau. 
How rare is it that we actually re-
duce government around here? Yet here we are debating resurrecting a defunct agency that has already gone out to pasture. 
Now, my friends on the other side of 
the aisle are central planners. They be-lieve in the type of politicized economy for which the Ex-Im Bank has become a poster child. So they are actually being consistent in their position. 
What I can’t understand is how Mem-
bers who preach limited government are willing to turn over the floor of the House to the minority party for the purpose of rechartering a bank whose authority has lapsed. 
If we simply did nothing, we would 
have less government. Taxpayers would face less exposure. There would be less corruption. And the economy would be less politicized. So, by all means, vote how you want. 
Please, if you support resurrecting this agency, just spare us all the notion that you are actually here to reduce the size and scope of government. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker and Mem-
bers of the House, with all the gridlock and all the partisanship and inability of this Congress to fix things and get things done, we are looking at a great opportunity here where Democrats and Republicans have come together to fix things. 
The simple truth is that this Ex-Im 
Bank doesn’t cost the taxpayers a penny. It creates tens of thousands of jobs all across the country, and it yields a $7 billion profit for deficit re-duction in this country. Life should be so good if we had a few more agencies like that. We are doing such great work for the American people. 
Let’s reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ), the chairman 
of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee of the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
quickly address my good friend from Minnesota’s comments that this Ex-Im Bank doesn’t cost any money. The truth is it does. We bailed it out to the tune of $3 billion in the 1980s. 
That same argument was made that 
Fannie and Freddie don’t cost the tax-payers any money. Well, it doesn’t cost taxpayers money until it does. It is a government backstop. It is a govern-ment guarantee. 
You see how hard it is: when you are 
going to take away a government sub-sidy, man, do businesses fight like you know what to make sure you can’t take it away. They love their subsidies, and they will lobby and they will work to make sure to get what they think is theirs. 
I tell you, I am tired when I hear 
some of those Presidential candidates talk about cronyism and those who look out for corporate welfare and they try to point their finger to this side of the aisle. 
If you open your ears and listen to 
this debate, ask yourself: Who is fight-ing for corporate welfare? Who is fight-ing to make sure that you have a guar-antee in the Ex-Im Bank that supports 80 percent of the dollars to big, massive American businesses? It is Democrats. Democrats partner Big Government with Big Business, and that is what is 
happening right here. 
Picking winners and losers, the story 
of Delta: Delta has to compete with airplanes that are subsidized in foreign markets by the American taxpayer. They can’t compete. So we picked Boe-ing jobs over Delta jobs? Who are we in this institution to say what job is bet-ter? 
Let’s let the market work. Let’s not 
be the ones that come in and dictate what works and what doesn’t. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.016 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7226 October 27, 2015 
To think that we are going to set up 
a system that the Democrats—my friends will say this is about all Amer-ican jobs. But it is only about Amer-ican jobs if it meets our political cri-teria in that if you are dealing with carbon and I don’t like carbon and if you are a carbon job, the Bank won’t support those who are involved in a carbon export. That is wrong. 
Let’s stand together. Let’s work to-
gether. Let’s fight for the American taxpayer and take away this govern-ment subsidy. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the distinguished leader who 
has been a steadfast advocate on behalf of the interests of American workers and who has made reauthorization of the Ex-Im Bank a top priority. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of the reauthorization of the Ex-Im Bank. 
As a former ranking member on the 
State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Subcommittee of the Com-mittee on Appropriations, I saw on a regular basis how important this was 
to our economy and to small businesses in America. 
So here today we are coming to the 
floor in a bipartisan way to create 
good-paying jobs. How many good-pay-ing jobs? 1.5 million since the year 2007. 
We are here to reduce the deficit. 
How much are we reducing the deficit? In the past two decades, $7 billion in money has come in to reduce the def-icit. 
So we are creating good-paying jobs, 
reducing the deficit, fueling our econ-omy, and we are respecting the entre-preneurship and the optimism of small- and moderate-sized businesses across the country. 
Yes, there are some big businesses 
that benefit, but most of them have subcontractors that need the work of the Ex-Im Bank. 
So when we talk about making it in 
America, I want to recognize the great leadership of our whip, Mr. H
OYER . 
Make it in America, this is what this is about. Make it in America so that peo-ple can make it in America but that, also, we can find markets abroad for our products made in America. 
Thank you, Mr. H
OYER , for your lead-
ership on that and on the reauthoriza-tion of the Ex-Im Bank. Because of all of that work, the term ‘‘Made in Amer-ica,’’ that label continues to have the great prestige and quality that we have always known it to have. 
I want to salute Mr. D
ENNY HECK. He 
is just remarkable. In 24 hours, he had 187 cosponsors of his bill earlier this year. That is so remarkable. Then in a short time after that, he had even more. Thank you for all the work that you have done to bring us to today. 
To the Republicans who are sup-
porting this, to Mr. F
INCHER , thank 
you for your leadership and your cour-age to give us this opportunity today. 
I want to thank M
AXINE WATERS . 
This has been a long haul, as many of you know. Over that period of time, for 
one reason or another, there were not hearings in the committee of jurisdic-tion that could focus on the advantages of the Ex-Im Bank. So she had round-table after roundtable, bringing in ex-perts on what this meant to our econ-omy, listening to the public, hearing from small businesses about what this meant to them. 
Who would have ever thought that 
M
AXINE WATERS , the ranking member 
on the Financial Services Committee, would be the champion for big-, mod-erate-, and small-sized businesses in our company? We would have thought it, and now the world knows. 
So, M
AXINE , thank you for your per-
severance. You really did such a won-derful job keeping this issue alive. I recognize the great leadership we have at the Ex-Im Bank with Mr. Hochberg and the others who were there, the other hardworking people who are there who know about markets. 
This is important because many 
banks that small businesses might go to for a loan or loan guarantees, they are not used to dealing with markets abroad and that is why this is such an important link between entrepreneur-ship, creativity, innovation in our country, and how to expand markets for all of that throughout the world. 
So I am really happy. Congratula-
tions to the House of Representatives. Today, we are creating good-paying jobs. We are reducing the deficit. We are honoring entrepreneurship, and we are doing it in a bipartisan way. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, 
may I inquire how much time is re-maining on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The gen-
tleman from Texas has 81⁄2minutes re-
maining, and the gentlewoman from California has 13 minutes remaining. 
Mr. HENSARLING. I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), 
our distinguished whip. 
Whip H OYER has a long record of ad-
vocating on behalf of our Nation’s ex-porters and their workers. With his leadership, we are here today on the verge of finally passing legislation to reopen the Ex-Im Bank. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I listen to 
this welfare-state rhetoric. The Amer-ican public ought to know that 147 Re-publicans voted to reauthorize the Ex-port-Import Bank just a few years ago under the leadership of Mr. Cantor and myself. 
It was not until the ideological—how 
do I say what has happened in the House of Representatives—when we re-treated from bipartisanship and work-ing together, we retreated from prag-matism and we repaired to ideological hideboundness. Those are pretty tough words, I understand that. 
You have 147 Republicans and every 
Democrat, 330 Members of the House of Representatives, voting to reauthorize this bill just a few years ago. This rhet-
oric that I hear now that somehow this is selling out to the welfare state is a little difficult for me to believe. 
I know it has become an issue for 
some hardline groups, and this is not just for big business or medium busi-ness or small business. This is for American jobs, the little people. 
Do big people provide jobs for little 
people? Yes, they do. Do we want that done? Yes, we do. Should we, therefore, be competitive with the rest of the world who offers subsidies so their cor-porations, so their medium-sized busi-nesses, so their small businesses can create jobs for people? 
Mr. Speaker, 330 of us voted to reau-
thorize this just 3 years ago, but we have had some immaculate awareness that this is somehow preening to the welfare state. 
Let us come together as practical 
people with common sense who want to be competitive with the rest of the world. Let’s pass this bill. The House is for it. The majority is for it. It has been bottled up, which has not allowed the majority to work its will. 
Today, through the courage of Mr. 
L
UCAS , Mr. F INCHER , and others, the 
majority will work its will. Isn’t that wonderful. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Mr. HENSARLING. I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, the U.S. 
Export-Import Bank means jobs in the United States of America. From 2007 to 2015, in Ohio, it supported 363 export-ers, 263 small businesses, and more than $3 billion in value of Ohio exports. Superior Holdings, First Solar, Port Clinton Manufacturing, A.J. Rose Man-ufacturing, and so many other Ohio companies want to export. They re-quire Ex-Im to do so. 
Frankly, in today’s world markets, 
no serious nation can compete without the Export-Import Bank. More than 50 countries have an Export-Import Bank: China, Japan, Germany, India, Korea, France, Brazil, and other competitors. 
I support reauthorizing the Ex-Im 
Bank. It means jobs, and it means busi-ness for the USA. 
b1545 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ). 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, one of 
America’s greatest promises is the promise that, if you work hard and play fair, your opportunities are end-less. Thousands of business owners throughout this country have lived by this mantra and sought new opportuni-ties abroad. 
When Congress allowed the charter of 
the Export-Import Bank to expire over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.053 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7227 October 27, 2015 
the summer, we took away an impor-
tant tool for American business owners and their employees. They depend upon it. This is about jobs. 
Many small companies throughout 
my region and in my district have re-lied on Ex-Im Bank. I will name one: Number 9 Hay in a small town called Ellensburg in eastern Washington. A hay company in Ellensburg, Wash-ington, with the support of Ex-Im Bank, was able to expand its business, hire employees, and sell in foreign markets. Otherwise not. 
This story is a story of success, of 
jobs for the small hardworking busi-nesses of America that create 85 per-cent of our jobs. If we don’t act, busi-nesses of all sizes and the people they employ will be threatened. 
I support this measure. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time we have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from California has 9
1⁄2min-
utes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 8
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
AC-
ARTHUR ). 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, be-
fore I came here, I spent 30 years in the private sector and built a business from about 100-odd people to today about 6,000. I learned that you need capital to grow a business. The Ex-Im Bank provides just that. 
Now, if the private sector could pro-
vide that, well, this would be a dif-ferent discussion, but the private sec-tor doesn’t. The Ex-Im Bank provides a necessary resource for companies doing business overseas. In fact, I have had lenders tell me they will not loan if the Ex-Im Bank is not already involved. 
The Ex-Im Bank supported $27.5 bil-
lion worth of U.S. exports last year and 164,000 jobs. To not reauthorize it is to be shortsighted. I urge my colleagues to remember this is a Republican bill. It deserves our support. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the reauthorization of the Ex-Im Bank. The Ex-Im Bank is a critical resource for Rhode Island manufacturers looking to expand into new markets. 
Over the last 8 years, the Ex-Im Bank 
has provided more than $20 million to Rhode Island companies for insured shipments, guaranteed credit, and dis-bursed loans. 
I am pleased that, after 4 months of 
inaction, the House is finally voting to reauthorize this critical institution. I thank my colleagues for their support. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. D
ENT). 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I certainly 
rise in support of this legislation that would reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. In my district alone, the Bank’s activities have supported thousands of jobs and over $600 million in export sales. 
The financing provided by the Ex-Im 
has provided critical support to a wide array of industries in Pennsylvania, ensuring that products ranging from major energy components to help LNG exports, to locomotives, to cement equipment, to computers, to elec-tronics, to aircraft are able to continue to be manufactured by Pennsylvania workers. 
Developing countries, as we know, 
don’t have very well formed capital markets, and they need this financing to help them buy American products. As our sole credit agency, the Bank provides the security U.S. firms need to access burgeoning markets. It strengthens our trade balance, and it helps to sustain our global market share. It does all this while still re-turning money back to the U.S. Treas-ury. 
Importantly, this bill incorporates 
essential reforms that will signifi-cantly improve the Bank’s risk man-agement and transparency and provide our small businesses with an even greater share of lending support. 
For those who talk about Ex-Im 
Bank creating winners and losers, I would argue that, by letting the Bank’s authority lapse, we have indeed created winners and losers. The losers are now American job creators. The winners are countries like China, Germany, France, Brazil, and the U.K. that continue to support their exporters and welcome the opportunity to increase their mar-ket share and domestic manufacturing base in the absence of U.S. competi-tion. 
Let’s not unilaterally disarm our 
ability to assist our exporters. Let’s show the American people that we con-tinue to govern in a bipartisan and ra-tional manner. Let’s pass this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge we support this 
legislation. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ), an-
other important member of the House Committee on Financial Services. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, we 
have heard a lot of talk so far today about the Bank, about what the Bank does. We have heard a lot of talk about small business, a lot of talk about the Bank leveling the playing field, a lot of talk about the Bank being that lender of last resort when no one else will step into the breach to help American busi-nesses. Supposedly, that is what this is all about. 
That is not what this is about. We 
had a discussion in the committee ear-lier this year where I actually sug-gested amendments that would focus 
the Export-Import Bank on small busi-ness, that would allow the Export-Im-port Bank to expand its use as a lender of last resort, but that would limit the Bank to true uses to level the playing field, when we really were competing with export credit facilities overseas. 
A representative of the United States 
Chamber of Commerce sat in our com-mittee and said he would oppose every single one of those amendments. Small business is not what this is about. Lev-eling the playing field is not what this is about. Being a lender of last resort is not what this is about. This is about doing the bidding of the very, very large corporations that have a very, very large lobbying presence in Wash-ington, D.C. That is what this is about. I am just surprised to see who is for it. 
We had a chance to actually fix the 
Bank. No amendments were allowed today. We had a chance to actually focus on small business, a chance to focus on the Bank’s role as a lender of last resort, a focus on what the Bank should be doing. 
But we will miss that, Mr. Speaker, 
because we are doing the bidding of other folks. Vote as you will, but let’s be honest about what this is and what this is not. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD). 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
INCHER ), my good friend, for his 
leadership on this bill. 
Coming from Illinois’ 10th Congres-
sional District, we are the fourth larg-est manufacturing district in the Na-tion. The Export-Import Bank is a bank that does finance many small businesses. In fact, 86 percent of the loans that happen in Illinois’ 10th Con-gressional District in the Export-Im-port Bank go to small businesses. 
Yes, Boeing does utilize the Export- 
Import Bank, and they say, whenever a Boeing plane lands, 19,000 small busi-nesses land with them. There is no question that we talk about jobs and the economy. I hear it constantly. I know my colleagues do all across this body because I have had the oppor-tunity to talk to them. They are talk-ing to their constituents. It is still about jobs and the economy and the uncertainty that is out there. 
I had a conversation with a small- 
business owner who said, ‘‘You know what? I can’t go to my local commu-nity bank and get financing for a trac-tor that I want to send over to France or Germany.’’ 
Consequently, if we don’t reauthorize 
the Export-Import Bank, they are going to take those jobs and they are going to move them overseas. That is the last thing in the world we want, Mr. Speaker. 
We want to talk about good, high- 
paying jobs right here at home. We want to talk about manufacturers that have the ability to be able to create products right here at home, create 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.056 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7228 October 27, 2015 
more jobs right here at home, and send 
those products all over the world. The Export-Import Bank allows us to do that. 
We need to level the playing field and 
not unilaterally disarm. I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the Export- Import Bank and ‘‘yes’’ to American jobs. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UN-
TER). 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
proud to give my support to this val-iant effort to reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank in an effort that I believe puts first the best interests of American manufacturers, innovators, and entre-preneurs. 
We had a vote this year on the TPA, 
the trade promotion authority. Many of my colleagues that are arguing against the Ex-Im Bank unapologetically stated their intent to give the President new, expansive au-thority to export U.S. jobs overseas, this amounting to millions of jobs sent overseas, all in the name of trade and globalization. 
If you want to talk big business, I 
ask my friends that are against the Ex- Im Bank to look at that vote. Many of those in that contingent who voted for the trade promotion authority—and are going to vote for the big trade deal we have coming up—are now trying to say there is something inherently wrong with trying to underwrite U.S. exports through the Ex-Im Bank, al-though the vast majority of Bank loans support small business. 
In my district alone, in eastern San 
Diego, you have nine companies—no Boeings, no GEs. Over 400 jobs, $60 mil-lion in exports, all underwritten by the Ex-Im Bank. 
I have heard a lot of people quoting 
Ronald Reagan. Here is what he said about the Ex-Im Bank: 
‘‘Exports create and sustain jobs for 
millions of American workers and con-tribute to the growth and strength of the United States economy. The Ex-port-Import Bank contributes in a sig-nificant way to our Nation’s export sales.’’ 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
effort. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
INZINGER ). 
Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank everybody on both sides of the aisle for their hard work in getting this very important thing done. 
I flew to Ethiopia about 6 months 
ago, and I flew on a Boeing airliner— there is a lot of talk about Boeing here—but I didn’t fly on an Airbus. What that represented to me was a lot of jobs that Boeing provides to people, but a lot of jobs in my district of small suppliers that supply to Boeing. I think 
that is something that has been lost in this whole debate. 
There has been a lot of negativity, a 
lot of negative talk. I want to tell you about something positive, and that is the thousands of people who work in my district who don’t have to worry about getting a pink slip tomorrow or the next day because they know that their manufacturing job is secure be-cause of our future and our powerful ability to export around the globe. 
While I know this has been a con-
troversial process and I have respect for everybody on all sides of this issue, I would beg my colleagues, let’s move forward in a bipartisan way. Let’s re-authorize Ex-Im Bank, and let’s go ahead and move ahead with the busi-ness of the American people. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 10 seconds to quote Presi-dent Ronald Reagan on March 23, 1985: 
‘‘Why won’t the Congress stop its ex-
port subsidies to a handful of corpora-tions which account for less than 2 per-cent of US exports?’’ 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. C OL-
LINS). 
Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Export-Import Bank, which sup-ports hundreds of thousands of Amer-ican jobs, returns a profit to the United States Treasury, and ensures U.S. ex-porters can compete on a level playing field in the global market. 
I came to Washington as a small- 
business owner, dedicated to expanding job opportunities for western New Yorkers. Unfortunately, due to misin-formation and misguided outside inter-ests, Bank opponents have shut down a government program that directly aids American jobs. 
The Export-Import Bank supports 
thousands of jobs in western New York and numerous small businesses in the 27th Congressional District. These companies provide real jobs in western New York, good-paying jobs that will be lost if the Ex-Im Bank is not reau-thorized soon. 
The fact is exports drive job growth 
in the United States. When a company sells abroad, their employees, sup-pliers, and communities grow at home. Reauthorizing the Ex-Im Bank is vital for manufacturers of all sizes to grow and prosper in a competitive world economy. That is why I fully support reauthorizing the Ex-Im Bank and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from California has 2
1⁄2min-
utes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 6
3⁄4minutes remaining. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Tennessee 
(Mr. F INCHER ), a member of the Com-
mittee on Financial Services. 
I want to just take time to thank 
him and Representative L UCAS for 
their courage and their leadership in making this vote possible today. 
b1600 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman from California for yielding. A lot of times we don’t see eye to eye, but we have a fair and spir-ited debate. This time we do, and I ap-preciate her willingness to support me in this effort. 
We have talked a lot today about 
many different things, but I am going to end on the note of facts. And so many times in Washington, the facts get lost. 
A few minutes ago, my colleague 
from Wisconsin, a friend of mine, one of my colleagues from Wisconsin, who probably will be the next Speaker of the House, stood up and, really, spoke against our efforts in trying to save the Export-Import Bank. 
I was reminded of just a few years 
ago, of a couple of very serious votes that happened in the House: one was the automotive bailout, and one was TARP. 
I have a quote from the gentleman 
from Wisconsin: 
The TARP vote was necessary in order to 
preserve this free enterprise system. If we fail to do the right thing, heaven help us. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me say, none 
of us are perfect. I am a long way from perfect. You ask my wife and she will tell you. 
But we are here to make the govern-
ment work better, make it more ac-countable, make it smaller, and make sure the environment in the country is better for job creation and the job cre-ators to create jobs. That is what the Export-Import Bank does. 
The facts are, it doesn’t cost the tax-
payer a dime. The facts are, it returns money to the Treasury every year. The facts are, this is a Republican reform bill. We are fixing almost everything that has been—almost every problem that has been raised we are addressing in this reform bill. 
Those are the facts, Mr. Speaker. 
Eighty years old; 60 other countries have them. This is about us being com-petitive all around the world and mak-ing sure that we keep American jobs here at home. 
I urge my colleagues today, on both 
sides of the aisle, let’s put American workers first. Let’s make sure that we are working for the folks back home in our districts. Let’s put these politics aside for today and put the country forward. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
We had a rather spirited debate here 
between those who believe the Ex-Im Bank is about economic development 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.057 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7229 October 27, 2015 
and trade, and those who believe it is 
about corporate welfare, cronyism, and an unfair economy. 
For those who claim that the Ex-Im 
Bank creates jobs, the Congressional Research Service would tend to beg to disagree and citing economists who say they largely rearrange jobs. We know for a fact they have rearranged jobs away from Delta because they have said they have lost jobs when the Ex- Im Bank subsidizes Air India. 
Valero Refining, in my native Texas, 
has said they lose jobs in America when the Ex-Im Bank will subsidize a Turkish competitor. 
Cliffs Natural Resources of Cleve-
land, Ohio, will say they lose jobs when the Ex-Im Bank subsidizes an Aus-tralian competitor, which has caused economist Donald Boudreaux to say, at best, the Ex-Im Bank creates jobs in export industries by destroying jobs in non-export industries. 
How is that fair? How is that fair, 
Mr. Speaker? 
We are told that the Ex-Im Bank 
makes money for the taxpayers. Well, yes, if you use special insider Wash-ington accounting rules. But if you use fair value accounting, something that the rest of America has to use, the Congressional Budget Office says that it actually loses money, and in fact, it has received an actual bailout from the Federal taxpayers before. 
We are told they help small business. 
And you know what? That is true in a number of cases. But yet two-thirds of the benefits go to Fortune 50 compa-nies like Boeing, like GE. They are great companies with great people doing great things. 
I just wonder why they have to re-
ceive taxpayer subsidies? 
And 40 percent goes to benefit one 
company, Boeing; that is why it is af-fectionately called the ‘‘Bank of Boe-ing.’’ 
So I know it helps some small busi-
nesses, but other small businesses aren’t too fond of the Ex-Im Bank. 
We hear from the chairman of Mi-
chael Lewis Company in McCook, Illi-nois: ‘‘Over the long run, Ex-Im sub-sidies for foreign carriers creates a tilt-ed playing field that means fewer U.S. airlines jobs—which translates into economic pain for thousands of busi-nesses like ours and our employees.’’ 
That is the voice of small business. Chris Rufer, founder of the Morning 
Star Company: ‘‘When a company prof-its from the Bank’s support, it pockets the money. If it defaults, taxpayers’ pockets gets picked . . . it is private gain at the expense of public pain.’’ 
That too, is the voice of small busi-
ness. 
We are told that as long as global 
competitors do this, well, we have to do it. I mean, that is an argument I hear from my children: everybody else is doing it, so we have to do it. 
But the truth is, almost two-thirds of 
the Ex-Im Bank book has nothing to do with a countervailing duty. And almost 99 percent of all U.S. exports, Mr. Speaker, are financed without the Ex- 
Im Bank. 
So we need to help our exporters. We 
need to help our small businesses. But the way we do that is through ex-panded trade. It is through funda-mental tax reform that the National Association of Manufacturers has said is 50 percent of our competitive dis-advantage. 
Let’s make a fairer, flatter, simpler 
Tax Code. Let’s have regulatory reform with the REINS Act. Let’s pass the Keystone pipeline and drive energy prices down and become more competi-tive that way. 
So the arguments of those who pro-
pose to support the Ex-Im Bank—and these are good people, and I know they believe in their hearts and heads in what they are doing. But I don’t think their arguments bear scrutiny. They don’t stand up to the light of day be-cause the true face of the Ex-Im Bank is about cronyism. It is about mis-placed priorities. It is about foreign aid. It is about corruption. 
Again, this is a bank that benefits a 
handful of Fortune 50 companies that lobby and lobby well. Now, I would de-fend their First Amendment right to do it. I just wish they would lobby for more competition and more freedom and not subsidy and special privilege. 
We know that so much of this sup-
port, Mr. Speaker, ends up in countries like China and Russia. We asked the chairman of the Export-Import Bank: So we are supposed to compete with China by subsidizing China? 
And, Mr. Speaker, you know what his 
answer was? Well, it is complicated. 
No, Mr. Speaker, it is not com-
plicated; it is stupid. It is stupid for us to subsidize China in the thought that somehow we are going to compete with China. 
Almost $1 billion to the Democratic 
Republic of the Congo, which Freedom House says is the third worst human rights offender in the world. 
The cronyism, money to Solyndra, 
money to Enron, $33 million to a Span-ish green energy company that Bill Richardson, former Energy Secretary, sat on the advisory board of the Ex-Im Bank and then sat on the advisory board of the Spanish green energy com-pany. 
How cozy. The Fannie and Freddie 
business model. 
Corruption, the last 6 years, 75 years 
total prison time, 90 criminal indict-ments, 49 criminal judgments. One em-ployee just recently pleaded guilty to 19 counts of bribery. 
Mr. Speaker, the genius of our sys-
tem, the fairness of our system is about the free enterprise system. It is not about crony capitalism. Your suc-cess in America should depend upon how smart you work and how hard you work on Main Street, not who you know in Washington. 
Crony capitalism is a threat to our 
free enterprise system. This is Amer-ica. If you dream big dreams, if you play by the rules, you can make it on Main Street. But not in this Wash-
ington insider economy. And there is no better poster child of the Wash-ington crony economy and corporate welfare than the Export-Import Bank. 
So I have no doubt that an over-
whelming number of Democrats are going to support the reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank. They are al-ways happy to allocate credit and our economy as part of a political process. They are always happy to subsidize corporate America, as long as they can also regulate and control it. But that is not fair to the people on Main Street. 
It is the free enterprise system which 
is fair. It is the free enterprise system which is moral. It is the free enterprise system which is based on merit. It is the free enterprise system which is em-powering to people. It is the only eco-nomic system that frees ordinary peo-ple to achieve extraordinary results. 
So, Mr. Speaker, that is what this de-
bate is all about. It is about a fair economy for everybody in America: those who can’t afford the high-priced lobbyist in Washington, D.C., and those who want to work hard and play by the rules. 
It is time for us to say ‘‘no’’ to crony 
capitalism, say ‘‘yes’’ to free enter-prise, say ‘‘yes’’ to a fair economy, and reject the Export-Import Bank. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 450, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the bill? 
Ms. NORTON. I am. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
The Clerk will report the motion to 
recommit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Norton moves to recommit the 
bill H.R. 597 to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. NORTON. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
withdraw my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
ervation of the point of order is with-drawn. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I wish to 
claim time in opposition to the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the 
gentleman from Texas seek recogni-tion? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.058 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7230 October 27, 2015 
Mr. HENSARLING. Yes, I wish to 
seek time in opposition. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I make a 
point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Oklahoma will state his point of order. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, in order to 
seek time in opposition, wouldn’t the gentleman or gentlewoman have to be opposed to the motion to recommit? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Time in 
opposition is reserved for an opponent. 
Mr. LUCAS. So, Mr. Speaker, would 
it be in order to reaffirm that whoever ultimately claims the time is, indeed, in opposition to the motion to recom-mit? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair would ascertain that before granting recognition. 
Does the gentleman from Texas seek 
recognition in opposition to the motion to recommit? 
Mr. HENSARLING. Yes, I have 
sought time in opposition to the mo-tion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, if 
the gentleman from Oklahoma, an-other valuable member of the House Financial Services Committee, who I know we are on opposite sides of this issue, if the gentleman would like time to speak, I would be happy to yield to the gentleman. 
Mr. LUCAS. Will the gentleman yield 
for a brief response? 
Mr. HENSARLING. I yield to the 
gentleman from Oklahoma. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I very 
much appreciate the opportunity to re-spond. I think that probably it is bet-ter that you finish the discussion. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Okay. The gen-
tleman declines. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the 
gentleman wish to yield back? 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRIES  
Mr. MULVANEY. Parliamentary in-
quiry, Mr. Speaker. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the 
gentleman from Texas yield to the gen-tleman from South Carolina? 
Mr. HENSARLING. Yes, I yield to 
the gentleman from South Carolina for his parliamentary inquiry. 
Mr. MULVANEY. If this is not dila-
tory, what is the effect of passing this motion to recommit? 
I so often hear the preface, ‘‘This 
doesn’t send it back to committee; it doesn’t kill the bill.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If adopt-
ed, the motion would recommit the bill back to committee. 
Mr. MULVANEY. So passing this mo-
tion to recommit would send this bill back to committee? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is 
correct. 
Mr. MULVANEY. For how long? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The mo-
tion does not put a time limit on the committee to consider the bill. b1615 
Mr. MULVANEY. Fair enough. 
Further parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Does the person of-
fering this motion represent to this body that they are in favor of this mo-tion in order to qualify? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman qualified by stating her op-position to the bill. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Fair enough. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas may continue. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Again, Mr. 
Speaker, I would say we are having a debate on the underlying bill that has been vigorously debated on both sides. 
The motion to recommit, if people 
are genuinely interested in looking for an opportunity for an amendment proc-ess that was denied as the discharge pe-tition came to the floor. 
I have served under many committee 
chairmen on the Financial Services Committee. I have never known one to bring a bill through committee that was not supported by a majority of their members, and I did not bring this bill because it was not supported by a majority of Republican members. 
I understand the ability to use this 
discharge petition; and if people are looking for opportunities to amend, I wish it would have been done in the discharge petition. 
But if it is the will of the House to 
send this to committee, the committee has had three different hearings on the Ex-Im Bank already—a couple of them in conjunction with the Oversight and Government Reform Committee—and I would be happy to have even more hearings on the subject and listen to the new points that have been brought about by this debate. 
I yield to the gentleman from South 
Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ). 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
for the purpose of making another par-liamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
Mr. MULVANEY. The reason I am 
confused is, I do so often hear that in-troduction, the MTRs won’t kill; it won’t send it to committee; it will pro-ceed immediately forthwith to the House for a vote. 
So here is my question on a par-
liamentary inquiry basis. If the MTR is passed, I understand from your pre-vious ruling that the bill goes back to committee. Is it amendable in com-mittee? Or does it immediately return forthwith to the House for a vote? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill 
would return to the committee for its consideration. 
Mr. MULVANEY. And the committee 
has full control over that piece of legis-lation? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
committee would have the bill before it again. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, 
again, I appreciate the gentleman from South Carolina making his parliamen-tary inquiries. I think it has helped clarify the matter. 
At this point, if it is the will of the 
House to send this back to committee, I look forward to the vote and would be very happy to reconsider this in com-mittee. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, parliamentary inquiry. 
I wish the Chair would clarify that 
there will be a vote taken on the mo-tion to recommit and that, should that fail, this will not go back to the com-mittee under any circumstances. Is that correct? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the 
motion is not adopted, the bill will not return to committee. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Well, if I may, you just said what I said in reverse. And I just wanted it to be clear. 
As the chairman of the committee 
tried to state that he would be willing to hold hearings and do what he has not done as we have tried to consider this, that if, in fact, this body does not support it going back to committee, he has no opportunity to try to do what he has not done in the process. Is that correct? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the 
motion is not adopted, the Chair plans to proceed. The next step would be the question of passage of the bill. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Thank you, Mr. Speaker. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
VACATING DEMAND FOR YEAS AND NAYS ON  
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent to withdraw my request for the yeas and nays on the motion to recommit to the end that the motion stand disposed of by the voice vote thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the ordering of the yeas and nays is vacated, and pursuant to the earlier vote by voice, the motion is not adopted. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.060 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7231 October 27, 2015 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, par-
liamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Since I withdrew 
the request for the yeas and nays on the motion to recommit, then would it be possible for the ranking member, the gentlewoman from California, to withdraw her request for the yeas and nays on the underlying bill, should she so choose? 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, that is wishful thinking on the part of the chairman. I will not. 
f 
RETAIL INVESTOR PROTECTION 
ACT 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pur-
suant to House Resolution 491, I call up the bill (H.R. 1090) to amend the Secu-rities Exchange Act of 1934 to provide protections for retail customers, and for other purposes, and ask for its im-mediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 491, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–31 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 1090 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Retail Investor 
Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. STAY ON RULES DEFINING CERTAIN FIDU-
CIARIES. 
After the date of enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Labor shall not prescribe any regu-lation under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) de-fining the circumstances under which an indi-vidual is considered a fiduciary until the date that is 60 days after the Securities and Ex-change Commission issues a final rule relating to standards of conduct for brokers and dealers pursuant to the second subsection (k) of section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o(k)). 
SEC. 3. AMENDMENTS TO THE SECURITIES EX-
CHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
The second subsection (k) of section 15 of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o(k)), as added by section 913(g)(1) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS PRIOR TO RULEMAKING .— 
The Commission shall not promulgate a rule pursuant to paragraph (1) before— ‘‘(A) providing a report to the Committee on 
Financial Services of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate describing whether— 
‘‘(i) retail investors (and such other customers 
as the Commission may provide) are being harmed due to brokers or dealers operating under different standards of conduct than those that apply to investment advisors under section 211 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–11); 
‘‘(ii) alternative remedies will reduce any con-
fusion or harm to retail investors due to brokers or dealers operating under different standards of conduct than those standards that apply to investment advisors under section 211 of the In-vestment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–11), including— 
‘‘(I) simplifying the titles used by brokers, 
dealers, and investment advisers; and 
‘‘(II) enhancing disclosure surrounding the 
different standards of conduct currently appli-cable to brokers, dealers, and investment advis-ers; 
‘‘(iii) the adoption of a uniform fiduciary 
standard of conduct for brokers, dealers, and in-vestment advisors would adversely impact the commissions of brokers and dealers, the avail-ability of proprietary products offered by bro-kers and dealers, and the ability of brokers and dealers to engage in principal transactions with customers; and 
‘‘(iv) the adoption of a uniform fiduciary 
standard of conduct for brokers or dealers and investment advisors would adversely impact re-tail investor access to personalized and cost-ef-fective investment advice, recommendations about securities, or the availability of such ad-vice and recommendations. 
‘‘(4) E
CONOMIC ANALYSIS .—The Commission’s 
conclusions contained in the report described in paragraph (3) shall be supported by economic analysis. 
‘‘(5) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROMULGATING A  
RULE.—The Commission shall publish in the 
Federal Register alongside the rule promulgated pursuant to paragraph (1) formal findings that such rule would reduce confusion or harm to re-tail customers (and such other customers as the Commission may by rule provide) due to dif-ferent standards of conduct applicable to bro-kers, dealers, and investment advisors. 
‘‘(6) R
EQUIREMENTS UNDER INVESTMENT ADVIS -
ERS ACT OF 1940 .—In proposing rules under para-
graph (1) for brokers or dealers, the Commission shall consider the differences in the registration, supervision, and examination requirements ap-plicable to brokers, dealers, and investment ad-visors.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. After 1 
hour of debate on the bill, as amended, it shall be in order to consider the fur-ther amendment printed in House Re-port 114–313, if offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ), or his designee, which shall be 
considered read, and shall be sepa-rately debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent. 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) and the gentlewoman from 
California (Ms. M AXINE WATERS ) each 
will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and submit extraneous mate-rials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume simply to say, Mr. Speaker, at one time this administration told us, if you liked your doctor, you could keep them. Now this same administration is telling us, if you like your financial ad-viser, you can keep them. The first promise was broken, and now they are in the process of breaking the second promise due to something called the Department of Labor fiduciary rule. 
It will take away investment advice 
from hundreds of thousands, if not mil-lions of low- and moderate-income peo-ple all around the Nation who rely upon this advice to save for retirement. This is something that should be con-sidered by the Securities and Exchange Commission, and there has been out-standing work by the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ) who has 
been at the forefront of protecting re-tail investors, the small moms and pops planning for their retirement. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AG-
NER). 
b1630 
Mrs. WAGNER. I would like to thank 
Chairman H ENSARLING and Sub-
committee Chair G ARRETT for their 
support on this tremendous issue. 
Mr. Speaker, today I am pleased to 
stand before the House as the sponsor of H.R. 1090, the Retail Investor Pro-tection Act. This important legislation that I have sponsored and worked on for 3 long years now came about after my colleagues on the Financial Serv-ices Committee and I, along with Mem-ber of Congress on both sides of the aisle saw the potential negative effects that this rulemaking from the Depart-ment of Labor could have on millions of Americans seeking advice on how to invest their retirement savings. 
For that reason, we felt it was impor-
tant to put the Securities and Ex-change Commission—the primary and expert regulator for these financial professionals—in charge of studying and writing the rules on this issue. This isn’t such a radical idea. In fact, this is what Congress intended when they included section 913 in the Dodd- Frank financial reform bill. 
Mr. Speaker, the same legislation re-
ceived the support of 30 House Demo-crats last Congress, and, once again, I hope that they heed the concerns and the warnings that their constituents have provided them about the dire con-sequences this rule will have on Ameri-cans’ retirement savings. 
Make no mistake. There is a savings 
crisis in this country. About half of all households age 55 and over have no re-tirement savings at all. How does this happen? 
Unfortunately, for many people, like 
that single mother of two who gets paid on the 15th and 30th of each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.061 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7232 October 27, 2015 
month, there is just too much month 
at the end of the money after paying for mortgages, groceries, medical bills, and other expenses, and saving for re-tirement ultimately gets pushed off until the next month and the next month and so on. 
For many American households, a 
trusted financial adviser is the key link to helping them see the benefits in saving early and helping them realize how to save and grow their investment. The vast majority of those financial professionals already provide advice and recommendations that are in the best interest—the best interest—of their clients. 
Unfortunately, this rulemaking from 
the Department of Labor could poten-tially cut access, limit choice, and raise costs for that kind of financial advice, putting the goal of retirement even further out of reach. 
The Department of Labor states that 
this rule simply would require finan-cial advisers to act in the best inter-ests of their customers. Well, who would argue with that? Unfortunately, when you start to get into the over 1,000 pages of regulatory text with the exemptions and addendums, it becomes clear that it isn’t quite that simple. 
The increased compliance burdens 
and further legal liability that will be required under this regulation will make it very difficult for many brokers to continue servicing small accounts, which predominantly belong to low- and middle-income Americans who are just starting to save and haven’t built up their retirement nest egg. 
Mr. Speaker, 98 percent of all IRAs 
with less than $25,000 are in a broker-age relationship today. For that rea-son, this rule will actually hurt the very people that it aims to protect. We must not play politics with their re-tirement savings, and that is what this administration is doing. 
We have already seen this happen in 
the United Kingdom. They enacted a similar regulation in 2013, and we have seen since then over 300,000 clients dropped by their financial advisers be-cause their account balances were too small. 
Now the U.K. Government is launch-
ing an investigation into the ‘‘advice gap’’ that exists for those people who do not have significant wealth. With this regulation from the Department of Labor, the same thing will happen here in the United States of America where there will be two different classes of in-vestors, those who can afford financial advice and those who cannot. 
Mr. Speaker, this is not a Wall Street 
issue. This is as Main Street as it gets. Washington should not be making it more difficult for Americans to save for retirement. Instead, we need to em-power people to earn more and save more and have choices for where to get their help in making their financial de-cisions. Unfortunately, the Department of Labor is following along with every-thing else we have seen under the Obama administration, a top-down, Washington-knows-best-for-you gov-
ernment, whether it is what you see in your health care that you need, the food that you can eat, and now whom you can talk to for the financial advice for your retirement savings. 
According to President Obama, Sen-
ator E
LIZABETH WARREN , and now even 
Secretary Hillary Clinton—who are all big supporters of this DOL fiduciary rule—the only person whom you actu-ally need to be protected from ulti-mately is yourself. I strongly disagree. I give the American people a lot more credit than that, and I refuse to stand by and let this administration advance another onerous regulation that ulti-mately takes your freedoms, makes de-cisions for you, and brings us closer to a government-planned life. 
Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H.R. 
1090, the Retail Investor Protection Act, and I urge its passage. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1090 would halt the 
Department of Labor’s ongoing efforts to protect American retirement savers from investment advice that conflicts with their best interests. 
The bill would prohibit the Depart-
ment from promulgating any rule on the issue until 60 days after the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission final-izes its own fiduciary rule for invest-ment advisers and broker dealers. 
The bill would then delay the SEC’s 
long overdue rulemaking by requiring the Commission to first report to Con-gress a separate economic analysis that, among other things, considers how a new standard would affect a bro-ker’s profit. 
These delays are unacceptable and ig-
nore the real issue that the Depart-ment is trying to address: conflicted retirement investment advice that costs our Nation’s workers and retirees an estimated $17 billion a year. 
The Department’s rulemaking would 
do so by requiring persons providing re-tirement advice to put the interests of their clients ahead of their own and abide by a fiduciary duty, the same duty that we expect from our doctors, lawyers, and trustees. 
Simply put, a financial adviser 
should not be paid more for recom-mending one product over another, but 
should abide by a fiduciary standard of care. Would you be comfortable if your doctor was paid more for an office visit for recommending one drug over an-other or for a lawyer to be paid more for interpreting the law one way or the other? No, of course not. Yet, we allow these same conflicts to exist with those that are providing millions of hard-working Americans with advice on their retirement savings. 
These conflicts encourage investors 
to, for example, push a 70-year-old re-tiree to invest more of her savings in a stock fund rather than a less risky short-term bond fund simply because the adviser receives 150 percent more for making the riskier recommenda-tion. Such a commonsense update in the 
law to address these conflicts is long overdue and, indeed, at the Depart-ment, is over 5 years in the making. During that time, the Department has published an initial 2010 proposal, solic-ited feedback, held public hearings on that proposal, and issued even a repro-posal this past spring. 
Since that reproposal was published, 
the public and interested stakeholders have had 164 days of public comment, 4 full days of multi-panel public hear-ings, and ample opportunity to meet with the Department, which held over 100 meetings with interested stake-holders, not including meetings with Members of Congress. 
Thanks to the Department’s dili-
gence and willingness to listen to stakeholder concerns, the proposal now enjoys broad support, including sup-port from 95 financial services groups, public interest, civil rights, and con-sumer organizations, labor unions, and many investment advisers who are al-ready providing advice to savers under a fiduciary standard. These groups range from the AARP, Public Citizen, the Consumer Federation of America, to the Financial Planning Coalition, among many others. 
All this points to the Department’s 
tangible efforts to take a balanced, measured approach to developing a rule that works. I fully support their efforts to continue to work towards its completion not only because it is nec-essary, but because it just makes com-mon sense. 
What is more, the need to update the 
law quickly is urgent. Hardworking Americans lose an estimated $17 billion per year—or $47 million per day—to conflicted retirement investment ad-vice. 
While we should clearly encourage 
the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion to also update its own rules on in-vestment advice over securities, we should not make retirement savers wait any longer for protection by hing-ing the DOL’s rulemaking to the SEC’s, as H.R. 1090 would do. 
Mr. Speaker, I support the Labor De-
partment’s efforts to finalize a rule and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 1090. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ), the distin-
guished chairman of our Capital Mar-kets and Government Sponsored Enter-prises Subcommittee. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman. 
I thank Mrs. W
AGNER as well. 
As you know, Mr. Speaker, the De-
partment of Labor’s fiduciary rule is built upon faulty assumptions, faulty analysis, and faulty understanding ba-sically of how the retirement system actually works in this country. It is really consistent with other policies of this administration. 
This rule will have a disparate im-
pact and a negative impact upon mid-dle class Americans and minorities in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.063 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7233 October 27, 2015 
this country, many of whom will find it 
difficult, if not impossible, to receive guidance from a financial professional for their retirement. 
This is not me saying this. The De-
partment of Labor’s own analysis shows that investors who do not work with a professional will risk making mistakes that cost them up to $100 bil-lion. 
So today, Mr. Speaker, Congress has 
an opportunity to stand up on behalf of struggling American families and sup-port this legislation. 
We have proof to show that this leg-
islation really is necessary because we had folks coming to Washington to tes-tify about it who supported the DOL rule. They said do not worry. They said that, if the traditional brokerage firms can’t live with a simple fiduciary standard and refuse to serve modest savers, so be it. Other financial profes-sionals such as them on and off the Web who embrace the client-first ap-proach stand ready to help Americans prepare for a secure retirement. Well, that was Rebalance IRA. 
Someone went to that company, a 
modest American, and said, ‘‘Will you service us?’’ This was their response: ‘‘If you have scheduled a call with us, I want you to be aware that, as much as we would enjoy discussing your re-tirement goals, until you have at least $100,000 in a retirement account, our service at this time is not really the best solution for you. Our fees will ab-sorb too much of your investment re-turn, which runs counter to our man-date to help you to retire.’’ 
So, Mr. Speaker, the very same peo-
ple who say the system will work under the DOL guidelines prove that, when people of modest means—Americans who are simply trying to scrape by each week and each month and put a little bit away—will not have that in-vestment advice which their very own Department of Labor says is necessary to get by and to fulfill the American Dream. 
The Retail Investor Protection Act 
will restore regulation to the market to where it belongs: with the SEC. It will prevent the Department of Labor from worsening the retirement savings crisis that our country is facing. I say support the American Dream. Support this legislation. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ), the rank-
ing member of the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee on the Finan-cial Services Committee. 
Ms. MOORE. I thank you so much, 
Madam Ranking Member. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
H.R. 1090. I must say to Representative W
AGNER she is correct when she says 
that there were 30 Democrats—I am one of them—who supported similar legislation, but that was before the De-partment of Labor reproposed the con-flict of interest rules, gave us sort of an unprecedented 164-day comment pe-riod during the reproposal, and they withdrew the original 2010 proposal and 
put forward the reproposed rule in 2015, 5 years. As we discussed it, they have committed to making considerable im-provements. 
Now, the SEC has yet to begin the 
process of a related rulemaking 5 years after the Department of Labor began the process, and they have made it really clear that they don’t think they 
will get to it. 
I do want to point out—since I have 
3 whole minutes here—that it has been very difficult to get the majority party to agree to providing the SEC with the needed resources that would, in fact, enable them to undertake the work that the Department of Labor has al-ready put forward on this. So I don’t think we should wait until after the SEC acts to issue a rule. And this legis-lation before us would only delay these important consumer protections. 
The Department of Labor has re-
ceived a lot of feedback, especially from me. Mr. Speaker, I have been ex-tremely vocal in highlighting areas, some of them which you have heard on the other side mentioned here today— very vocal on the reproposed rule where I think it needs to be improved and, in fact, led a letter to the Depart-ment of Labor with 96 Democratic col-leagues signing on to that letter. 
b1645 
However, I do think that the time is 
now for Congress to partner with the DOL, with industry, and with retire-ment savers toward the best possible final rule to encourage and protect re-tirement savings. 
Now, I want to mention that the 
overwhelming majority of advisers are good people with their clients’ best in-terest at heart. In fact, no one in this debate is suggesting that we don’t sup-port policy which puts the best interest of the client first and foremost. But when financial advisers are unscrupu-lous, they have a devastating impact on retirement savers. 
Further, when advisers are respond-
ing to skewed incentives that encour-age conflicts and put clients in prod-ucts, that may be okay for the client, but placement in these products are driven primarily by the adviser’s bonus. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. MOORE. The DOL rule that is 
being reproposed seeks to mitigate these conflicts of interest so that the best advisers in companies get clients and compensation based on the best in-terest and the outcomes for their cli-ents. 
I think that this is a backdoor ap-
proach to kill the rule, any rule, and it will leave gaping loopholes in Federal laws. 
My advice to my colleagues is that 
we defeat this bill. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ), chairman of 
the Oversight and Investigations Sub-committee of the Financial Services Committee. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, we, before 
this debate, were having a debate on the Ex-Im Bank, and I made a point about my friends across the aisle standing up for big businesses, the cro-nyism between big government and Big Business. In this debate, they have a chance now to stand with small inves-tors, the men and women around this country who put a little bit away every paycheck to hopefully have a little nest egg for their retirement, to stand with those people to make sure that when they get to their retirement, they have a nest egg that is worth something, and to make sure that those folks have advice along the way. 
The way the Department of Labor 
rule is structured is that most Ameri-cans aren’t going to be able to get ad-vice from a financial adviser; they are going to be driven to a robo-adviser. What that means is they are going to have to go to a Web site, answer about 6 to 10 questions, and the Web site will pump out a generic investment sugges-tion for them. No personally tailored advice from a financial adviser. 
That also has another effect. Think 
last month or 2 months ago in August when we had market movement. A lot of people get freaked out and they sell. But if you have an adviser, they say: Hold on. No, no, no, we have a long- term plan here. Don’t sell, don’t sell. Hold on. We are going to weather this storm together. 
But is a robo-adviser, the text from 
the computer, going to calm your nerves so that you don’t sell your port-folio? This doesn’t work for the Amer-ican people. 
What the Department of Labor is 
doing is saying: If you are wealthy, if you have a lot of money, if you have a big nest egg, then you can get advice. But if you are poor or middle class, a middle-income American, you are not entitled to the same advice of the wealthy and the powerful. 
I am mostly concerned about one 
other point here, is that if this rule goes into effect and less Americans save and have less return on their in-vestment, when they get to their re-tirement years, they are going to be more reliant on the government. We want people less reliant. We want peo-ple to take more responsibility so they have a nest egg to fund their retire-ment years, pay for themselves. The way this is structured, you will have less people doing that and more people looking to the government for care. I guess that is a greater debate that we have in this institution: Do we want more people relying on the govern-ment? 
I think the only conclusion I can 
draw with your support for this rule is, absolutely, yes. That is a wrong ap-proach. We come from a long line of people who believe in self-reliance, in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.064 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7234 October 27, 2015 
taking care of ourselves and our fam-
ily. This rule from the Department of Labor is bad. Let’s fix it with this bill. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the ranking 
member of the Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets of the Financial Services Committee. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the rank-ing member for yielding and for her leadership on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  
over 95 investor protection and con-sumer protection groups who ada-mantly support the position of the De-partment of Labor rule that protects investors and consumers. 
SAVEOURRETIREMENT , 
October 26, 2015. 
OPPOSE H.R. 1090, THEMISNAMED ‘‘RETAIL  
INVESTOR PROTECTION ACT’’ 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE We are writing as 
organizations that strongly support the De-partment of Labor’s (DOL) efforts to strengthen protections for working families and retirees by requiring the financial pro-fessionals they turn to for retirement invest-ment advice to act in their best interests. As such, we oppose H.R. 1090, the misnamed ‘‘Retail Investor Protection Act,’’ and urge you to vote NO when the bill is considered on the House floor. 
H.R. 1090 is a clear attempt to thwart DOL 
action by making the Department wait for years and possibly indefinitely until after the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) finalizes a rule under securities laws— a process that the SEC has not yet initiated. And, to further delay action, the bill imposes on the SEC new requirements to engage in further economic analysis, beyond the exten-sive analysis it has already conducted, and make formal findings before promulgating a rule. By impeding DOL’s efforts, this bill would in no way protect retail investors; in-stead, it would protect those financial pro-fessionals who take advantage of loopholes in the law to profit at their clients’ expense. 
This approach would effectively cripple 
DOL’s ability to fulfill its unique and crit-ical regulatory role under ERISA. When Con-gress enacted ERISA, it intentionally set a higher standard for protecting retirement as-sets than applies to other investments. There are good reasons to do so. Retirement assets are special, as evidenced by the fact that they are heavily subsidized by the gov-ernment through the tax code. These tax subsidies should flow to individuals, not fi-nancial firms, and should not be depleted by conflicts of interest. 
Retirement savers who are struggling to 
fund an independent and secure retirement need financial advice they can trust is in their best interest. Today, neither our secu-rities regulations nor the rules under ERISA provide that assurance. Instead, both sets of regulations expose retirement savers to rec-ommendations from conflicted advisers who are free to recommend products based on their own financial interests rather than those of their customers. The DOL pro-posal—which combines a best interest stand-ard with meaningful restrictions on the prac-tices that undermine that standard—offers significant progress toward addressing this problem. There is no reason to force the DOL to wait for the SEC, since only the DOL has the authority and expertise to close the loop-holes in the ERISA rules. 
DOL has succeeded in crafting a balanced 
rule that provides much needed new protec-tions for retirement savers while providing 
the flexibility necessary to enable firms op-erating under a variety of business models to comply. While adjustments can and doubt-less will be made to clarify and streamline certain of the rule’s operational require-ments, the rule’s overall framework is sound. Contrary to the misinformation that has swirled around the DOL proposal, it actually will help, not hurt, small savers. They need the protections of the best interest standard more than any other workers and retirees, since they can least afford high fees and poor returns on their savings. And if some advis-ers really do pull back, there are plenty of advisers happy to provide affordable, best in-terest advice to clients at all income levels. 
We can only hope that the SEC eventually 
will follow DOL’s lead and craft a similarly strong and effective rule for non-retirement accounts. But in a nation that faces a retire-ment crisis, and with DOL ready to act, we cannot afford to wait. We therefore urge you to reject H.R. 1090—or any legislation that would stall, derail or interfere with the DOL rulemaking, which is proceeding under an appropriate deliberative process—and in-stead support DOL’s efforts to finalize a rule based on the sound regulatory approach it has proposed. 
Sincerely, 
AARP, American Federation of State, 
County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), Alliance for a Just Society, Alli-ance for Retired Americans, American Asso-ciation for Justice, American Association of University Women, Americans for Financial Reform, Association of University Centers on Disabilities, Better Markets, Center for Community Change Action, Center for Glob-al Policy Solutions, Center for Responsible Lending. 
The Committee for the Fiduciary Stand-
ard, Consumer Action, Consumer Federation of America, Consumers Union, Fund Democ-racy, International Association of Machin-ists and Aerospace Workers, International Brotherhood of Boilermakers, International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Union, Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, Lynn Turner, former chief account-ant, SEC, Main Street Alliance. 
Metal Trades Department, AFL–CIO, Na-
tional Active and Retired Federal Employees Association (NARFE), National Council of LaRaza, National LGBTQ Task Force Action Fund, National Organization for Women, Pension Rights Center, Public Citizen, Pub-lic Investors Arbitration Bar Association, Service Employees International Union (SEIU), United Auto Workers, United Steel-workers, Paper and Forestry, Rubber, Manu-facturing, Energy, Allied Industrial and Service Workers International Union (USW), U.S. PIRG, Wider Opportunities for Women. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, the Department of Labor’s fiduciary duty rule advances a very simple principle: If you are giving advice to retirement savers and you are being compensated for your advice, then you have to put your customers’ interests first. 
It is worth noting that most inves-
tors already think that this is the law, even though it isn’t. 
So the Department of Labor’s rule is 
a much-needed update of the rules gov-erning investment advice to retirement savers. I would say we have a par-ticular responsibility as legislators to protect retirement savers, which is what the DOL rule does. 
While the proposed rule is not per-
fect, no rule ever is. The Department has been incredibly responsive, very re-
sponsive to legitimate concerns that have been raised. They have been more than willing to engage with Congress and with industry and with investors to come up with better solutions. 
But this bill before us would effec-
tively stop the Department of Labor’s rule in its tracks, which is the com-pletely wrong thing to do if you want to protect investors. 
This bill is also redundant, unneces-
sary, and really reflects a misunder-standing of the law. 
One of the core principles of the Em-
ployee Retirement Income Security Act, or ERISA, was that investments made for the purpose of retirement se-curity should enjoy special protections under the law. That is what this DOL rule does. This, by definition, means that the protections under ERISA are supposed to be different than the pro-tections under ordinary securities laws. They should be more protective of the retirement investor. 
As a result, the SEC and the Depart-
ment of Labor have different respon-sibilities. When two agencies have dif-ferent responsibilities, it is completely appropriate for them to move sepa-rately and even to write different rules. 
This bill would also require the SEC 
to conduct yet another study—or I would call it a delay—on a uniform fi-duciary standard for broker-dealers. We already required the SEC to con-duct a study on this issue in Dodd- Frank, and the SEC staff’s rec-ommendation in that study was that 
the SEC should, in fact, adopt a uni-form fiduciary standard for broker- dealers. 
Requiring the SEC to conduct largely 
the same study that they already con-ducted in 2011—I believe they can move ahead with their own fiduciary rule—is pointless and shows that the true in-tent of the bill, the underlying bill, is to delay both the Department of La-bor’s rule and any future SEC rule which ultimately is there to protect the retirement saver and investor. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
bill, and I urge them to vote for inves-tor protections and to protect con-sumers. I urge a very strong ‘‘no’’ vote. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ), chairman of 
the House Foreign Affairs Committee. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the Retail Investor Protection Act. 
The Department of Labor’s proposal 
here is going to harm the very working class Americans that the administra-tion claims that it is supporting. 
This is not hyperbole, this is not a 
hypothetical. I want to give you the real results of what happened in the United Kingdom when it enacted simi-lar regulation in 2013. Here are the dis-astrous results: 310,000 clients were dropped; 60,000 new investors were re-jected; an estimated 11 million poten-tial savers were priced out of advice. 
In the face of these facts, the Depart-
ment of Labor continues to insist on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.065 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7235 October 27, 2015 
applying the failed philosophy of ‘‘gov-
ernment knows best’’ to retirement savings. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-
woman from Missouri for her leader-ship on this, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), 
the ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise in opposition to H.R. 1090, the so- called Retail Investor Protection Act. 
This bill puts an effective end to the 
Department of Labor’s responsible ef-fort to modernize a fiduciary standard under the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act, or ERISA, that was implemented 40 years ago. 
As we all know, our country’s retire-
ment savings landscape has changed significantly since that time. Forty years ago, the majority of retirement assets were held in defined benefit plans and managed by professionals. Forty years ago, employer-based 401(k) plans did not exist and IRAs had just been established. 
Today, Americans have more than 
$12 trillion invested in 401(k) plans and IRAs, and they have to make their own financial decisions. Many workers and their families don’t have the expertise in managing investment portfolios and so they often have to rely on financial advisers to help them save for retire-ment. 
While many of those advisers do 
right by their clients, others do not. There is a lot of different financial products that Americans can purchase. Some have extremely high fees, while comparable products—and perhaps even better ones—have lower fees. This current standard allows for unscrupu-lous advisers to give conflicted advice and push a financial product from which they will reap a bigger profit even if the product is not in the best interest of their client. 
It is individuals with modest retire-
ment savings—many of our constitu-ents—who stand to lose the most from receiving conflicted advice. National Public Radio recently conducted a se-ries that in part highlighted how Americans are losing billions of dollars every year out of their retirement ac-counts because they are paying exces-sive fees. 
As a hypothetical example, NPR 
cited a person who invests $10,000 and that investment makes a 7 percent re-turn every year. Over 40 years, that in-vestment would be worth almost $150,000. But if you have invested in a fund that charges a 2-percent annual fee, now you have cut the return down from 7 percent down to 5 percent. Over 40 years, your investment would be worth about $70,000, not almost $150,000. That is, obviously, a big dif-ference, and that is the kind of insid-ious erosion of retirement savings that the Department is working to end with their rule. Since April, the Department of Labor 
has been engaged in this necessary rulemaking process. The Department has informed us that over that time, it provided the American public a total of 164 days to submit comments; they conducted 4 full days of public hear-ings; and convened over 100 meetings. That total doesn’t account for meet-ings they have held with Members of Congress. 
Now the Department is completing 
its work on the rule and is taking into account the thousands of comments it received. Here in Congress, we should just let them finish their job. 
Millions of Americans rely on finan-
cial advisers for advice on how to pro-tect their hard-earned retirement sav-
ings, and it is about time that we en-sure that those Americans are provided advice consistent with their best inter-est, not with what would ultimately be in the best interest and profit for the adviser. 
I, therefore, urge my colleagues to 
defeat this legislation. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ), a very impor-
tant member of the House Financial Services Committee. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the chairman. 
Today, I rise in support of legislation 
that will protect hard-working Ameri-cans’ access to retirement advice. 
The Labor Department is aggres-
sively pushing a flawed rule which might be a political win for the Obama administration but would come at the expense of Americans trying to save for retirement. This is why I cosponsored the Retail Investor Protection Act. 
The administration claims the plan 
that they have put forward will help people trying to save for retirement. Instead, it would hurt many of them. 
The Labor Department has proposed 
restricting retirement advice and re-ducing options for what financial in-struments can be used to save for the future. 
Most concerning, the regulatory 
costs would hit those who have had dif-ficulty saving the hardest. One firm in my district with dozens of offices that serve more than 30,000 customers told me that they fear the Labor Depart-ment proposal will make it impossible to offer quality services to low- and middle-income customers. 
b1700 
Clearly, the administration has no 
concept of what these rules will mean for Main Street investors, and they have chosen to ignore the benefits pro-vided by retirement advisers. My con-stituents tell me they save more be-cause of the advice they get. Relatively simple advice, such as not making irra-tional decisions in volatile markets, is incredibly valuable, especially for less sophisticated investors. Furthermore, the Department’s proposal mentions annuities 172 times, but the Regulatory Impact Analysis does not examine the impact on these financial products. The Department of Labor is choosing 
to ignore Congress and the people it claims to protect. On July 29, I sent two separate letters to Secretary Perez. It has now been almost 3 months, and he has done nothing to ad-dress the concerns of my constituents. 
There are now at least 51 of my col-
leagues, both Republicans and Demo-crats, who share my concerns that list-ed options would no longer be permis-sible in retirement accounts. The Labor Department claims that they are working closely with the SEC, but dur-ing a hearing last Friday, a key wit-ness from the SEC could not provide me with one example of when the Labor Department had included any SEC input. 
It is time for the administration to 
stop restricting where and how Ameri-cans choose to pursue financial sta-bility and security. Vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ), the rank-
ing member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations on the Fi-nancial Services Committee. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I thank the 
ranking member for her outstanding work and efforts in this area. The gen-tlewoman has truly been a champion for people—the very little people who some people have styled we are talking about today. 
Mr. Speaker, the best way, without 
question, to get the SEC to act would be to allow the DOL to act. If the DOL is allowed to promulgate its rules, I guarantee you the SEC will move with an additional amount of deliberate speed. 
Currently, the DOL is simply at-
tempting to cause people who act as fi-nancial advisers to have fidelity to their clients above their own personal interests. What is so unusual about the concept is the person who is working for you having fidelity that benefits you as opposed to the person who is working for you. 
Right now, as the laws exist, a person 
acting as a financial adviser can be-come a financial predatory adviser. Not all are. I am not accusing the industry of anything. I am just making a point about what can happen. When this hap-pens, the person who is to give you ad-vice—for a fee, I might add—can sell you a product for a higher fee and that has a higher risk as opposed to a simi-lar product with a lower fee and that carries a lower risk. The higher fee is the temptation that will cause preda-tory financial advisers to manifest themselves and take actions against the best interests of the clients, who are paying them to represent them and benefit them. 
We ought not allow this kind of ac-
tion to be sanctioned by the Congress of the United States of America. What the President is attempting to do by and through the DOL is to simply say: If you are going to represent your cli-ent, you are going to put your interest beneath the client’s interest. You will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.066 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7236 October 27, 2015 
subordinate your interest to your cli-
ent’s interest. You will not allow your-self to yield to the temptation to take a higher amount of money for yourself and put your client at a greater amount of risk. 
That is all this rule is about. Let’s allow the rule to come into ex-
istence. If we want to debate it there-after and amend it, we can. But let’s not prevent it from ever manifesting itself by causing some to believe that the SEC will do what the DOL will not, because the evidence is not there to support the notion that we are going to get faster results from the SEC. 
Finally, this: in a righteous world, 
we would be calling some of this activ-ity fraud. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Kentucky (Mr. B ARR), another 
valued member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of the Retail Investor Pro-tection Act, legislation that will en-sure investor access to personalized and cost-effective investment advice. 
The Department of Labor’s proposed 
fiduciary rule will make it more dif-ficult for hard-working Americans to access financial advice and to save for retirement. 
Time and again, I have heard from 
constituents throughout my central Kentucky district of how this massive, 1,000-page rule will negatively affect them: Private employers and not-for- profit organizations will no longer be able to bring in financial advisers to provide educational information about retirement plans to their employees. Investors with small accounts will no longer be able to receive advice for their 401(k) plans. Middle class inves-tors will lose access to professional ad-vice, and financial products like annu-ities will no longer be available. More and more Americans will be forced to seek information on the Internet or from robo-advisers. 
Let’s get this straight, Mr. Speaker. 
This rule will replace flesh and blood professional advisers with a computer. As one of my constituents said to me, if you think professional advice is ex-pensive, wait until you see the cost of amateur advice. In short, the Depart-ment of Labor’s rule will hurt the very people it is supposed to protect. 
On July 29, Representatives W
AGNER , 
SCOTT, CLAY, and I sent a bipartisan 
letter, signed by 21 Members, to Sec-retary Perez, asking for the DOL to stop these disruptive changes and re-propose the rule in light of the many negative comments. Secretary Perez replied that the DOL would not enter-tain the request. That is why it is nec-essary for Congress to take action and pass this legislation. 
Look, we all agree that financial ad-
visers should act in the best interests of their clients, but heightened con-sumer protections in the investment space should apply broadly and should not create two classes of investors. It should not bifurcate the industry to 
those who can afford advisers and those who cannot. The result will be less choice for consumers and a lack of ac-cess for retail investors to sound finan-cial advice. The best consumer protec-tion is not central planning from Wash-ington. It is choice and competition. 
I thank Representative W
AGNER for 
her leadership on this issue, and I en-courage my colleagues to vote for com-petition and choice, to vote for access to professional financial advice, and to defeat this rule. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UM-
MINGS ), the ranking member of the 
Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. I thank Ranking 
Member W
ATERS for yielding, and I 
thank her for her excellent and com-passionate leadership not only on this issue but on so many others. 
I rise today to oppose H.R. 1090, the 
so-called Retail Investor Protection Act, which is anything but a protection for investors. 
Rather than protecting our constitu-
ents’ investments, this Act would pre-vent the Department of Labor from fi-nalizing a rule to establish a fiduciary standard for investment advisers until the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion finalizes a rule first. 
In essence, the bill before us would 
prevent the Labor Department from fi-nalizing any rule at all. The adminis-tration has already indicated it would veto this measure if it is passed by Congress. 
This past March, Senator E
LIZABETH  
WARREN and I held a forum as part of 
our Middle Class Prosperity Project to consider the need for a strong fiduciary standard to protect Americans who are saving for retirement. We heard di-rectly from Americans who had lost tens of thousands of dollars because 
they did not receive advice that was in their best interests. 
In some cases, people may not even 
realize they have placed their trust in advisers who are not fiduciaries and who have no obligation to act in their best interests. One study found that Americans who are saving for retire-ment lose more than $43 billion, on av-erage, each year because advisers don’t act in their clients’ best interests. 
The real solution, as we learned in 
our forum, is to have a strong conflict of interest rule to ensure the advice Americans receive—advice they receive as paying customers—directs their hard-earned retirement savings to in-vestments that will work in their best interests. 
This House should not put roadblocks 
in the way of this commonsense re-form, which would protect our con-stituents’ money. I urge all of the Members of the House to oppose H.R. 1090. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Indiana (Mr. M ESSER ), another 
valued member of the committee. Mr. MESSER. I thank the chairman. 
I thank Mrs. W AGNER for her leader-
ship on this important issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of the Retail Investor Protection Act. 
Let me be clear. We all agree that in-
vestment advisers should act in the best interests of their clients, and we all want to ensure that low- and mid-dle-income investors get good financial advice. But in life and in the world of public debate, we are not just respon-sible for our intentions; we are also re-sponsible for our results. 
That is the problem with the Depart-
ment of Labor’s fiduciary rule. What-ever their intentions, the results of this administration’s policy will hurt the very people they are saying they are trying to help. Here is why: The rule will increase the cost of financial advice and force working class inves-tors to pay higher fees. The fact is that most investors can’t afford these fees. As a result, millions of investors will get no advice at all. That is not good for anybody. 
The bill today will delay the imple-
mentation of the new so-called ‘‘fidu-ciary rule’’ and ensure that investors continue to have access to sound finan-cial advice. 
I urge my colleagues to protect lower 
and middle class investors and stop this administration’s so-called ‘‘fidu-ciary rule.’’ 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. S
AR-
BANES ). 
Mr. SARBANES. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, the name of this bill is 
the Retail Investor Protection Act. If you didn’t know better, you would think it was a bill designed to protect the retail investor. But, in fact, it does the opposite of that because it blocks the Department of Labor from putting in place commonsense rules that would make sure that retirement investment advisers handle their clients with care and with a fiduciary duty. 
The Department of Labor wants to 
update rules that are now 40 years old, and that, again, makes common sense. Here is what happens: A retiree wants to take his 401(k) plan and make a deci-sion about where to invest it. The re-tirement adviser comes along and of-fers up that advice. Meanwhile, the re-tiree does not realize that that person may be getting a commission from the very funds to which that retiree is being directed. 
That is a conflict of interest, pure 
and simple. 
If you asked the average retiree, ‘‘Do 
you think we need a rule that would protect retirees and other investors from this kind of conflict of interest, that would put some kind of fiduciary duty in place so the retirement inves-tor is acting in the interest of the cli-ent,’’ if you said, ‘‘Do you think we need a rule,’’ the average retiree would ask, ‘‘Do you mean we don’t already have that rule in place?’’ He wouldn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.068 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7237 October 27, 2015 
believe it. He wouldn’t believe this con-
flict of interest is structurally built into the system and is resulting in bil-lions of dollars being taken from work-ers’ retirement savings every single year. 
So why is the Congress taking this 
up? Why are we trying to block the DOL? 
I fear that what is happening is Con-
gress is getting pushed around again by Wall Street and by wealthy special in-terests. We heard a lot about crony capitalism when talking about the last bill. That is what is going on here. There is a letter in the R
ECORD from 
the Koch Brothers and their gang, Americans for Prosperity and FreedomWorks. They are in here try-ing to block the Department of Labor’s bill. 
So Big Money is cascading into 
Washington. It is affecting the way we make policy. It is going to keep com-ing. The fix is in. I hope my colleagues will come to the floor today and vote against this, but I am not optimistic. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. G
UINTA ), another 
great member of the House Financial Services Committee. 
Mr. GUINTA. I thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING . 
Mr. Speaker, I stand today in strong 
support of H.R. 1090, the Retail Inves-tor Protection Act. 
This isn’t about the Koch Brothers. 
This is about low- and middle-income families, seniors, people who try to take a little bit of their life savings and put it away over time. You heard speakers earlier talking about 98 per-cent of the people who have IRAs have under $25,000 in them. They are who we are aiming to protect. They are the people who are coming to us, asking— begging—for assistance, and they are who we stand with because this is America. 
b1715 
This is not a place where Wash-
ington, D.C., is supposed to stand firm and dictate policy for everyone. We are supposed to be about limited govern-ment. We are supposed to be in this Na-tion about putting our trust and our faith in individuals. 
This proposed legislation by the DOL 
does the exact opposite. It takes power away from the individual. It takes power away from the individual to talk to their financial adviser and gain edu-cational opportunities to make in-formed decisions about their long-term investments. 
My wife and I have two kids, 10 and 
12. We are thinking about their finan-cial stability. We want to encourage them to have long-term investments, like my folks suggested to me, so they can make informed decisions. But, no, Washington is going to decide that they can’t, that I can’t, that my folks can’t, that the people I represent can’t, all in the name of ensuring that Wash-ington knows better. Well, Mr. Speaker, I put my faith in 
the people. I do not put my faith in bu-reaucrats who think they know better. 
I think that Representative W
AG-
NER’s leadership is tremendous on this 
particular issue because she feels just as passionately as the rest of us. We are not only talking about the lack of ability, but the compliance cost, which is going to get pushed onto that same individual. 
So I encourage my colleagues, I im-
plore my colleagues, to vote for this bill and support H.R. 1090. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to H.R. 1090, the misnamed Retail Investor Protection Act, which essentially ends the progress made by the Department of Labor on releasing an updated conflict-of-interest rule that seeks to protect our constituents’ hard-earned savings and strengthen the ability for those in the middle class to save for retirement. 
In June, I had the opportunity to 
speak with Secretary Perez in a hear-ing held by the Education and the Workforce Committee on the Depart-ment’s work to draft a comprehensive rule and, importantly, a rule that is de-veloped by working with diverse stake-holders and based on feedback from senior advocacy groups, civil rights groups, and the industry that provides these services. 
This is the process that is currently 
underway. H.R. 1090 would stop this process. Secretary Perez is on record saying he is listening to feedback and incorporating changes. Let’s allow the process to go forward, not stop it. 
I have met with families and individ-
uals across Oregon who are struggling to get ahead, and I know the sacrifice that is involved in each and every dol-lar they set aside to contribute to their future retirement. I am disappointed by the efforts today to stop this rule. 
We need a level playing field to allow 
our constituents to take advantage of the many opportunities that exist to grow and protect their investment. 
Finally, as a former consumer pro-
tection attorney, I learned and know that strong rules can empower con-sumers and bring transparency to the marketplace. This is what the Depart-ment of Labor is working toward, and I am disappointed in this bill’s attempt to stop their important work to finish this rule. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
opposition to H.R. 1090. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ), another out-
standing member of the House Finan-cial Services Committee. 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, Presi-
dent Obama would have us believe that the American people are incapable of making our own choices, that we are just not smart enough. From health care to education, to now personal re-tirement accounts, the Obama adminis-
tration thinks government knows best. 
Remember when Obamacare archi-
tect Jonathan Gruber claimed ‘‘the stupidity of the American voter’’? A re-cent administration ruling by the De-partment of Labor demonstrated this arrogance again when it said Ameri-cans ‘‘seldom have the training or spe-cialized expertise necessary to pru-dently manage retirement assets on their own.’’ This is unbelievable be-cause the government can’t even man-age the taxpayers’ dollars. 
So their solution to our apparent stu-
pidity is an $80 billion ruling that will increase costs for low- to middle-in-come investors and limit access to quality investment advice. Some solu-tion this is. 
Mr. Speaker, there are already meas-
ures in place to provide incentives for 
advisers to act in their client’s best in-terest, measures that are far less cost-ly and far less restrictive. 
To Jonathan Gruber, President 
Obama, and members of this adminis-tration who think they know better than the average American, let this bi-partisan opposition illustrate how wrong they are. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the 
Retail Investor Protection Act. In God we trust. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
there are comments on this floor that said we had to listen to those who came. I want to stand and listen to the hardworking Americans who ulti-mately will retire. 
I am tired of blocking good measures 
that protect them, such as the Labor Department’s efforts to strengthen pro-tections for working families and retir-ees by requiring their financial profes-sionals who provide retirement invest-ment advice be treated as fiduciaries under ERISA laws. 
It is important to note that this is a 
simple requirement. It does not under-mine the responsibilities or the profits of broker-dealers and others. It just simply says that they must be held to a standard to protect those retirees who have worked so very hard. 
I oppose the underlying bill, H.R. 
1090. 
I am also glad to stand on the floor 
and support, however, H.R. 597, the Ex-port-Import Bank Reform Reauthoriza-tion Act, finally to open the Bank and create jobs and opportunities for so many. 
Again, let me say that I am standing 
with those workers who are not here, retirees who have worked, hardworking Americans who will have their invest-ments protected, by making sure that those who give them advice are regu-lated and held to very high standards. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 
1090, the Retail Investor Protection Act. 
I oppose this bill, because it would under-
mine efforts to curb conflicts of interest in the marketing and development of retirement in-vestments, particularly for retail investors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.069 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7238 October 27, 2015 
I support the efforts of individuals and busi-
nesses to succeed in the American economy. 
Unfortunately for too long the success of 
some is coming at the total disregard for the rights of workers and their families. 
Investments in a home, savings placed in 
retirement accounts or into 401ks are ways for working people to ensure that they will not live in poverty when they retire. 
This bill would prevent the Department of 
Labor from addressing disparities in how the rights of investors are protected. 
Broker-dealers trade securities for them-
selves or on behalf of their customers, and they typically charge a commission fee for each transaction and may also be com-pensated with a commission from the com-pany whose securities they trade. 
In making recommendations to clients and 
conducting transactions, they must adhere to ‘‘suitability’’ standards that ensure that their recommendations are suitable to the client’s fi-nancial situation and objectives. 
Investment advisers, meanwhile, who man-
age the employee retirement and benefit plans for private companies, must under the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA; PL 93–406) adhere to higher ‘‘fidu-ciary’’ standards and take actions that are in the best interests of the participants. 
Among other things, such investment advis-
ers must act solely for the interests of partici-pants and beneficiaries and for the exclusive purpose of providing benefits and paying plan expenses. 
They also must act prudently and avoid con-
flicts of interest. Investment advisers are paid through an annual flat fee for managing the in-vestments, which is based on the size of the plan. 
Broker-dealers are regulated by the Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) under the suitability standard, while investment advisers are regulated more di-rectly by the SEC under the higher fiduciary standard. 
While employee retirement benefit plans are 
managed by investment advisers, individuals also invest on their own for retirement and other purposes and often use either invest-ment advisers or broker-dealers to help them decide on investments and to perform the trades in stock or investment instruments. 
The 2010 Dodd-Frank Act required the SEC 
in Section 913 of the act to report on the standards of care applicable to broker-dealers and investment advisers, and it authorized the SEC to issue rules to extend the fiduciary standard now applicable to investment advis-ers to broker-dealers when providing any ad-vice about securities to retail customers. 
According to the Financial Services Com-
mittee, in 2011 the SEC released a staff study recommending that both broker-dealers and investment advisers be held to a fiduciary standard ‘‘no less stringent than currently ap-plied to investment advisers.’’ 
This past April, the Labor Department, act-
ing under ERISA, proposed new rules regard-ing who is covered by ERISA’s fiduciary standard and how that standard would be ap-plied, saying that more needed to be done to protect individuals who are trying to invest and save for retirement. 
The proposed rule would treat all financial 
advisers who provide retirement investment recommendations and make trades on behalf of clients—including broker-dealers dealing 
with individual IRAs, 401(k)’plan and other re-tirement investments—as fiduciaries under ERISA. 
Under the proposal, financial advisers would 
be required to provide investment advice that is in the best interest of the retirement investor ‘‘without regard to the financial or other inter-ests’’ of the financial institution, adviser or other party. 
The SEC Rule allows retirement advisers to 
be paid in various ways as long as they are willing to put the interests of their customers first, in certain cases allowing advisers to re-ceive common types of fees that fiduciaries otherwise can’t receive under the law, such as commissions and revenue sharing. 
The Labor Department is currently reviewing 
public comments received on its proposed rule and has not indicated when the final rule will be issued. 
Supporters of the bill argue that it is needed 
to prevent a potentially harmful rule from going into effect. 
The proposed Labor Department rule would 
be very costly to broker-dealers, requiring them to meet two separate standards when advising clients: the fiduciary standard when advising on retirement issues and the suit-ability standard for other investment matters. 
The resulting high compliance and potential 
liability costs, they say, could drive many smaller broker-dealers out of the market for providing retirement advice or lead them to service only larger dollar accounts, thereby limiting access to professional retirement plan-ning and guidance for those retail investors who need it most and likely resulting in a re-duction in the overall level of retirement sav-ings for American workers. 
They note that the United Kingdom in 2013 
implemented a similar rule, which has created an ‘‘advice gap’’ for 60,000 investors with smaller accounts. 
The Dodd-Frank law, they say, gave the 
SEC the lead role in setting the fiduciary standards, and they argue that the SEC, not the Labor Department, is the better choice for developing those rules because it is much more familiar with investment markets. 
In fact, they contend that the proposed 
Labor rule is confusing and actually conflicts with existing rules and securities market trad-ing practices, and that it could disrupt the carefully considered regulatory regime applica-ble to broker-dealers and investment advisers that is administered by the SEC and FINRA. 
Broker-dealers and others operating under 
the lower ‘‘suitability’’ standard often have a direct conflict of interest, directing their cus-tomers to higher-cost investments that have hidden fees or from which the advisers get backdoor payments. 
We say this behavior in the predatory lend-
ing activity that led to the economic collapse in 2008. 
Home purchasers who could qualify for 
lower fixed rates for new home purchases were only shown loans that had high interest triggers that would double or triple mortgages a few years after they were purchased. 
The conflicts of interests in investment pro-
grams, the White House Council of Economic Advisers estimates, result in annual losses for affected U.S. investors of about 1 percentage point, or about $17 billion per year in total. 
The Labor Department’s proposed fiduciary 
rule would require all retirement investors to instead put their clients’ best interests before 
their own profits. 
Blocking the Labor Department from issuing 
its rule until the SEC acts on a standard-of- conduct rule for broker-dealers could effec-tively kill the critical consumer protections that would be provided by the Labor rule, since the bill does not require the SEC to ever issue its rule. 
While the SEC should similarly update its 
rules governing investment advice related to securities, they argue that Congress should not hinge the Labor Department’s efforts on the SEC’s ability to do so. 
Labor’s rule was thoughtfully developed and 
would not cause disruptions in the market, they say, noting that the department worked with the SEC in developing the rule and that it has taken into account the concerns of stakeholders. 
This bill prohibits the Labor Department 
from implementing a final rule on fiduciary standards for retirement investment advisers until after the Securities and Exchange Com-mission (SEC) conducts a study and issues a final rule setting standards of conduct for broker-dealers. 
Specifically, the Labor Department could not 
exercise its authority under ERISA to define the circumstances under which an individual is considered a fiduciary until 60 days after the SEC issues a final rule regarding standards of conduct for broker-dealers pursuant to Section 913 of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
The bill would not, however, require the 
SEC to issue a rule. 
Prior to issuing a rule, the SEC must com-
plete a study and report to Congress on whether retail investors are being harmed by the lower standard of care under which bro-kers and dealers operate, and offer alternate remedies to reduce confusion or harm to retail investors due to that different standard. 
It also must investigate whether the adop-
tion of a uniform fiduciary standard would ad-versely affect the commissions of brokers and dealers, the availability of proprietary products and the ability of brokers and dealers to en-gage with customers, as well as whether a uniform fiduciary standard would adversely af-fect access by retail investors to investment advice. 
The conclusions in the report must be sup-
ported by economic analysis. 
In developing a rule, the SEC would be re-
quired to consider differences in the registra-tion, supervision and examination require-ments applicable to brokers, dealers and in-vestment advisers and publish formal findings that the rule would reduce confusion or harm to retail customers caused by the different standards of conduct. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in opposi-
tion to this bill and protect the little that work-ers have from their shrinking wages to protect against falling into poverty once their work years have been spent in increasing the prof-its of employers. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, 
may I inquire how much time remains on each side. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has 10 minutes re-maining. The gentlewoman from Cali-fornia has 5 minutes remaining. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), one of the hardest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.025 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7239 October 27, 2015 
working members on the House Finan-
cial Services Committee. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, in a chamber 
where we have no shortage of hyper-bole and sanctimony, certainly this bill is no exception as I listen to the oppo-sition. 
Today I rise in strong support of H.R. 
1090, the Retail Investor Protection Act. I want to thank Representative W
AGNER for her leadership and the 
chairman for this time. 
We are down to the bottom of the 
barrel if we are quoting NPR as a source of economic research. There is no credible research that justifies what the Department of Labor is doing. 
Having worked in this industry for 
three decades, I can speak to this on a very personal basis. 
Instead of working in harmony and 
complying with Dodd-Frank, the DOL is preempting the SEC and the FINRA and moving ahead with its own agenda. 
As we have said today, there is broad 
consensus that financial advisers should act in the best interest of their customers, and they do. Any bad actors should be punished. There are existing rules and requirements for broker-deal-ers and investment managers to deal fairly and provide recommendations that are suitable for their customers and disclose conflicts of interest. 
We have left the appearance in this 
room hanging that prices are skewed. In fact, most retail investment prod-ucts are sold by a prospectus with fixed prices that are fully disclosed to retail investors. 
We have heard today that this repro-
posal is an improvement over previous efforts by the Department of Labor. In fact, that is not true, Mr. Speaker. This pending rule is not an improve-ment. 
It turns its back on best practices of 
new account openings and includes a dispute resolution that turns its back on dispute resolution practices in the industry that will increase litigation and hurt retail investors and brokers alike. 
Representative S
COTT of Georgia 
calls this proposal a straightjacket for modest investors. I could not summa-rize it better. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting H.R. 1090 and protecting sound retirement advice for retail in-vestors. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to inquire whether Mr. H
ENSARLING has any more 
speakers. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
have at least three more speakers. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. I yield 2 minutes 
to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ), who is last, but not least, on 
the House Financial Services Com-mittee. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, since this Congress was sworn in last January, I have received more calls and emails and I have had more 
meetings with constituents and con-sumers of financial services about the Department of Labor’s proposed fidu-ciary rule than perhaps any other issue that has faced us in Congress. 
Why? Because the Department of La-
bor’s proposed fiduciary rule, if it is ever fully implemented, will actually harm the very people that it is pur-ported to protect, middle- and low-in-come investors. 
Mr. Speaker, I came to Washington 
to fight against out-of-control, top- down government bureaucracies, and this DOL rule is their latest mad cre-ation. We should look for ways to in-crease access to affordable, trans-parent, and high-growth financial prod-ucts that meet the needs of all Ameri-cans, not limit them. 
According to a recent study by Oliver 
Wyman, an international management consulting firm, the proposed rule will increase costs for investors by an aver-age of 73 percent. This increase will harm the ability of millions of Ameri-cans to get professional financial ad-vice. 
This is particularly disturbing, con-
sidering research shows that assistance from a financial professional consist-ently leads to better retirement plan-ning. For example, according to the same report: Advised individuals aged 35 to 54 years making less than $100,000 per year had 51 percent more assets than similar nonadvised investors. 
Nearly 60,000 of my constituents 
make a living supporting the financial services industry. How does this rule help them or the people they assist? I recently heard from a financial adviser in my district, Ken, from Blaine, Min-nesota, who told me that this DOL rule is a solution in search of a problem and that it will adversely affect his clients. 
Hardworking Minnesotans are grave-
ly concerned that this rule will cause many financial advisers to severely limit the types of products that cus-tomers want, need, and desire or, even worse, it will force advisers out of the business. 
I thank our friend, Mrs. W
AGNER , for 
her leadership on this issue. 
I urge my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to protect middle- and low-in-come investors by supporting the Re-tail Investor Protection Act. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, it was 
mentioned earlier about a hearing that we sat through in the Committee on Education and the Workforce on this rule, which frankly I couldn’t believe. 
The American people want choice, 
not another top-down government rule where you take away their choice. That is why I rise today in support of H.R. 1090, the Retail Investor Protec-tion Act, to block the Department of Labor’s misguided fiduciary rule. All across Georgia’s 12th District 
people depend on their trusted finan-cial advisers to help manage their hard-earned savings and plan for future retirement. 
As drafted, the Department of La-
bor’s 1,000-page rule is simply unwork-able. Unaltered, this burdensome regu-lation would harm the very people it is designed to protect the most by sub-stantially limiting access and increas-ing costs of retirement planning. 
The Federal Government has no right 
to prevent low-and middle-income fam-ilies and small businesses from access-ing affordable financial planning ad-vice. 
I urge my colleagues to stand up to 
the Department of Labor by supporting H.R. 1090. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ). 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1090. I think that we don’t have to go back too far to look at what is hap-pening here right now. 
It is almost a message to the Amer-
ican people: You poor, poor people. You can’t possibly understand how to han-dle your physical health decisions. The government is going to have to step in and tell you how to handle your finan-cial decisions because you just can’t do it on your own. 
So we attack those people who make 
a living of giving good advice to people who don’t have the ability to navigate a very difficult terrain when it comes to their retirement. 
b1730 
So who is always there to step in? 
That knight in shining armor, that parasitic leviathan that just can’t wait to gobble up every single asset that the American people have. 
We talk about fiduciary responsi-
bility. I would say that also falls in the House. Really, if you are acting in the best interests of those folks who you represent or those people whose prob-lems you handle, you will probably get a chance to come back here. If you handle their retirement accounts the right way, they will probably keep you as their retirement adviser, and they will also refer you to other people who are having the same problem. 
Isn’t it amazing that it always comes 
down to the government because they know so much better than everyday Americans about the way things should be done. When we have to go after some group, what we do is we raise the bar so high, we put so much responsibility on them that at the end of the day, they say: You know what? I can’t pony up in this game anymore. I can’t ante up. I am going to get out of here. Then who is left? Oh, my goodness, thank God for this safety net of a Federal Govern-ment that has done such a marvelous job with Social Security, that does 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.071 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7240 October 27, 2015 
such a marvelous job of protecting ev-
eryday Americans. 
This is not a Republican initiative, 
and thank God for the gentlewoman from Missouri, the Show Me State, to show us what is happening here right now. The Department of Labor does not have to get involved in this. As has already been said, this is a solution hunting for a problem. 
Why don’t we just use good common 
sense? When it comes to lower income people and lower middle-income people, they look to those folks who do finan-cial advising to help them get through that night, that dark night and get ready for retirement. Why in the world would we turn our back on the people who generate all this revenue? 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
have no further speakers, and I am pre-pared to close. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I think it is important for me to cor-
rect the R
ECORD about the U.K. invest-
ment advice experience. In predicting the worst outcome from the Depart-ment of Labor’s rulemaking, my Re-publican colleagues frequently cite the United Kingdom. They argue small in-vestors will lose access to their invest-ment advice. 
Let me set the record straight. Ac-
cording to outside consultants for the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority: Eliminating commissions has reduced investment bias and has contributed to an improvement in the quality of ad-vice. 
There is now more competitive pres-
sure and lower product costs, and far from having an advice gap, there is ex-cess capacity of about 5,000 advisers in the U.K. market today according to an analysis by Towers Watson. There is no evidence that consumers have been forced to go without advice as a result of the regulation. 
I fear that we are comparing apples 
to oranges. That is because—unlike the U.K. regulation—the DOL proposal is a modest update that does not ban com-missions. Rather, the proposal seeks to simply ensure that persons providing retirement investment advice put the interests of their clients ahead of their own. 
This debate touches on a funda-
mental disagreement we continue to have in our respective parties. On the one hand, Democrats are acting on the belief that government should be the guardian of the interests of the people. It is a belief grounded in a fundamental truth: that our economy thrives with a rapidly growing and diverse middle class. For the middle class to grow, the American public must have confidence in our markets and be protected from bad actors. 
On the other hand, Republicans con-
tinue to act to protect the interests of a free market, driven by profit, even if it comes at the expense of the retire-
ment savings of hardworking Ameri-cans. But we have seen the impact of the Republican free market on our economy, most recently in 2008, when the big banks on Wall Street, left to their own devices, caused the worst economic collapse in a generation, one that destroyed nearly $16 trillion in household wealth and 9 million jobs, displaced 11 million Americans from their homes, and doubled the unem-ployment rate. 
And yet my colleagues insist on ad-
vancing measures like H.R. 1090, which would encourage the continued exploi-tation of American workers and retir-ees on behalf of some financial advisers who put their own interests in profits first. 
The current rules governing the pro-
vision of retirement investment advice allow conflicts that harm everyday Americans working hard to ensure that they can retire with dignity. Every mo-ment we delay in updating those rules, unscrupulous advisers benefit $1.4 bil-lion a month at the expense of those everyday Americans. 
With such large industry profits at 
stake, this issue will continue to be a prime target for the Republican major-ity. But I encourage my colleagues to resist those who are more interested in lining their pockets than protecting the interests of American retirees and workers. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
voting ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 1090. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Again, let me remind all that the ad-
ministration that told the American people, ‘‘If you like your doctor, you can keep them’’ is now telling us, ‘‘If you like your financial adviser, you can keep them.’’ Not—not—in the face of the Department of Labor fiduciary rule. 
The ranking member just brought up 
the U.K. experience. Well, it is funny, we heard something completely dif-ferent from what she described in our hearing. What we heard was, ‘‘In the wake of the U.K. commission ban’’— which, Mr. Speaker, is similar to what the DOL fiduciary rule is—‘‘the largest banks have significantly raised the minimum account balances required before they will offer financial advice to investors.’’ 
The number of advisers serving retail 
accounts plunged by 23 percent. Tens of thousands are going without financial advice because their accounts aren’t large enough. What my friends on the other side of the aisle would do by backing this DOL rule is take it away. You don’t count. You are not rich enough to get any financial advice. You can’t grow your savings. 
How ironic, Mr. Speaker, that the 
very same Department of Labor has come out with a study saying that in-vestors who do not use investment ad-vice are losing $114 billion a year. And 
yet what do my friends on the other side of the aisle do in cahoots with the Department of Labor? They take away—they take away—their profes-sional advice. 
Here is a radical idea—and I admit it 
is radical—it is called freedom. Why don’t we let the customer have the freedom of choice? My friends on the other side of the aisle use a red herring about disclosure and conflict of inter-est. 
There already are rules on the books. 
FINRA has disclosure rules, conflict of interest rules. We believe them. They ought to be enforced. If they are not obeyed, broker-dealers can have fines, they can lose their license. If they are fraudulent, the Department of Justice can criminally prosecute. That is a complete red herring. 
The issue here today is whether or 
not low- and moderate-income people can get access to financial advice under a commission-based model in order to grow their retirement ac-counts, so they can have the safety and security that so many Members of Con-gress already enjoy. Mr. Speaker, isn’t that what is fair? Isn’t that what is right? Why don’t we have disclosure, and then why don’t we let people choose? 
I just want to come here urging all 
Members to support H.R. 1090. I want to thank the gentlewoman from Mis-souri (Mrs. W
AGNER ). She has been at 
the forefront of this battle all over the Nation. She should be recognized as the hero she is in fighting for working Americans’ retirement security. 
I would urge that we all support this 
bill. It is so critical to the future re-tirement security of all those who struggle every day. 
We have got a case study right now 
in the U.K. We do not want to repeat this. Let’s protect them. Let’s enact H.R. 1090, the Retail Investor Protec-tion Act. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, today’s 
legislation is very similar to a bill introduced by Rep. W
AGNER in the last Congress. I opposed 
that bill then, and for essentially the same rea-sons will oppose this bill now. 
As I indicated last year, I support consumer 
choice and believe there is room for a variety of different business models in the financial services marketplace. I also believe con-sumers have a right to full transparency re-garding compensation arrangements and to recommendations from financial services pro-fessionals that are based on the consumers’ best interests. 
In my judgment, the Department of Labor 
shares these convictions and has proposed a workable Fiduciary Rule that embodies both of these principles. Moreover, whenever our of-fice has raised specific issues that we be-lieved warranted further clarification or adjust-ment—from so-called level-to-level funding, to the appropriate distinction between education and advice, to the role of annuities and other insurance products in Americans’ retirement security—we have found the Department both 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.072 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7241 October 27, 2015 
knowledgeable about, and responsive to, the 
concerns being raised. 
While I support the Securities and Exchange 
Commission promulgating its own Fiduciary Rule, I do not believe the Department of Labor—or the retirement security of millions of Americans—can or should wait on action by the SEC. Accordingly, I oppose this legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate on the bill has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH  
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Amend section 2 to read as follows: 
SEC. 2. RULES DEFINING CERTAIN FIDUCIARIES. 
(a) R ULEMAKING .—The Securities and Ex-
change Commission shall issue a new or re-vised rule relating to standards of conduct for brokers and dealers pursuant to the sec-ond subsection (k) of section 15 of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o) not later than the end of the 60-day period begin-ning on the date that the Secretary of Labor issued a final rule based on the ERISA fidu-ciary rule. 
(b) C
OORDINATION REQUIRED .—In issuing a 
rule described under subsection (a), the Se-curities and Exchange Commission shall co-ordinate with the Secretary of Labor. 
(c) ERISA F
IDUCIARY RULEDEFINED .—For 
purposes of this section, the term ‘‘ERISA fi-duciary rule’’ means the proposed rule of the Department of Labor titled ‘‘Definition of the Term ‘Fiduciary’; Conflict of Interest Rule—Retirement Investment Advice; Pro-posed Rule’’, published April 20, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 491, the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) and a Member opposed each 
will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Massachusetts. 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of my amendment to H.R. 1090, the so-called Retail Investor Protec-tion Act. 
Mr. Speaker, if adopted, my amend-
ment would allow the Department of Labor to complete and adopt a rule to require that investment advisers act solely in the best interest of the work-ers and retirees who rely upon them in making financial decisions regarding their retirement. 
I bet most Americans think that fi-
nancial advisers are already required to act in the retirees’ best interest. Un-fortunately, the bad news is that that is not the state of the law today. The good news, however, is that, hopefully, if we can defeat H.R. 1090—and the President has promised to veto this bill—that situation may be about to change. 
At the outset, it is important to re-
member that this issue concerns the retirement security of all Americans. It is important that we get this right. 
Congress, in its wisdom—obviously, 
this was a previous Congress—gave the DOL exclusive jurisdiction regarding retirement plans under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. In doing so, Congress recognized that retirement is different. Previous Congresses realized the im-
portance of protecting workers and re-tirees by imposing a higher standard of care and loyalty upon financial advis-ers who offer services and sell stocks or bonds or other assets to be included in retirement plans. Again, that is be-cause retirement is different. 
The basic idea of retirement plans 
works like this: if the average worker sets aside a small amount of wages reg-ularly over 30 or 35 years that they are in the workforce and that amount is invested prudently and allowed to grow, then through proper investment and the miracle of compound interest, that worker will likely have a sizable nest egg upon which they can rely in retirement. 
Investing for retirement is also dif-
ferent in another context. It has grave consequences if it is done improperly or neglected. There is no second chance if you are at the end of your working life. You can’t go back. This is your nest egg. It is tough to go out and get another job when you are at the age of retirement. You are out of time. So workers have a lot at stake. 
There are huge risks for workers if 
their retirement contributions over 30 years are not invested in a way that is in their best interest. They should be able to rely on the fact that their sac-rifice, that their savings have been in-vested in a way that is in their best in-terest, not in the best interest of the fi-nancial adviser or the investment com-pany. Again, however, that is not the case of the law today. 
Right now, most—but not all—finan-
cial advisers are often paid extra money, extra fees, a higher commission to offer a retiree or a worker particular advice or a particular product that are in the financial adviser’s best interests because they carry higher fees or larg-er commissions, but those products and services may not be in the worker’s or retiree’s best interest. 
It is a basic law of economics. If fi-
nancial advisers are paid more for rec-ommending a particular fund over an-other, they will recommend that fund that they get paid more to recommend, even though it may not be in the cli-ent’s best interest. That presents a classic example of conflict of interest. 
Now, I support rulemaking for a fidu-
ciary standard by the DOL, and I agree that the SEC should thereafter har-monize its rules. Investment advisers should be held to a standard of care and loyalty to workers and retirees which requires that the adviser must act solely in the best interest of the worker who is investing for their re-tirement. However, H.R. 1090, in its current form, would harm people sav-ing for retirement by blocking the DOL’s rule and allowing financial ad-visers to act in their own financial in-terest instead of their client’s best in-terests. 
In closing, I urge my colleagues to 
support this amendment. All invest-ment advisers must be held to an es-sential standard of care and loyalty when providing advice to their clients, 
particularly clients who are saving for retirement. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
claim the time in opposition. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, this 
amendment essentially guts the Retail Investor Protection Act and puts the Department of Labor, once again, in the driver’s seat to deny potentially millions of our fellow countrymen, low- and moderate-income people, the right to have their own financial ad-viser, the right to have financial advice on a commission basis. 
In many respects, the gentleman’s 
amendment just gives us an oppor-tunity to vote on the same matter twice, so I am not sure exactly what is being attempted to be achieved with this. 
b1745 
Again, Mr. Speaker, it is competi-
tion, it is innovation that has brought us something called the $7 trade. And my guess is, Warren Buffett doesn’t necessarily need a $7 trade, but there are a lot of good folks, small business people, factory workers in Mesquite, farmers out near Mineola, Texas, good folks in the Fifth Congressional Dis-trict, when they are planning for their retirement security, when they are try-ing to preserve their 401(k), their IRAs, they need that. 
Again, if we adopt the amendment of 
the gentleman from Massachusetts, we are right back to where we are—deny-ing the ability for low and moderate- income people to have a choice in how they receive their financial advice, even if they will receive it. That is un-acceptable, and I would urge a rejec-tion of this amendment. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, may I in-
quire how much time I have left? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
J
OLLY ). The gentleman from Massachu-
setts has 30 seconds remaining. 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, the heart 
of this matter is that my amendment just changes the standard upon which that advice needs to be made. The ad-vice that we have in financial advisers giving to retirees and workers who des-perately need the opportunity to in-vest, you know, these IRAs and retire-ment vehicles are a blessing to us. All it does is require that that advice be given without any conflict, that it be given in the best interest of the retiree or the worker who is making that in-vestment. That is the only change here that is required. 
I think it is a good change. It is a 
necessary change. It is one for the American worker. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, how 
much time do I have remaining, please. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.021 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7242 October 27, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The gen-
tleman from Texas has 31⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield as much time as she may con-sume to the gentlewoman from Mis-souri (Mrs. W
AGNER ), the author of 
H.R. 1090, the Retail Investor Protec-tion Act. 
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman again for his support and all my colleagues who have come down here to the floor to speak on behalf of those low- and middle-income investors that need good, sound advice when it comes to their financial security and their retirement. 
We all agree that every American 
who is saving for the future deserves to have the very, very best advice based on the needs for their retirement in-vestments and savings for the future. 
With all due respect to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, what his amendment does is completely flip-flop the Retail Investor Protection Act. It says that the DOL should go ahead of the SEC. 
The Department of Labor is com-
pletely out of its lane when it comes to this particular matter. It is the Secu-rity and Exchange Commission that is absolutely the expert when it comes to promulgating any kind of rule, regula-tion, or oversight in this area. 
We have laws and rules already on 
the books, through FINRA, through the SEC, to make sure that savers are getting the best advice they possibly can for the future. 
It is clear in Dodd-Frank—and I find 
it almost impossible to believe that the minority thinks that somehow that Section 913 of Dodd-Frank, which says specifically that the SEC should take care of this space, should be promul-gating rules and regulations and decid-ing how to go forward in this space, that somehow they now think that the Department of Labor should be allowed to promulgate, including addendums and exemptions, another thousand- page rule on the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, the American people 
are tired of this ‘‘Washington knows best, top-down government.’’ It is wrong. We have heard it from the chairman and others, whether it had to do with food, energy, or health care. 
I believe in freedom. I believe in the 
American people that they can choose their investment advice, their savings advice themselves, and they are enti-tled to that freedom and to their right. 
We do not need another government- 
promulgated, ‘‘Washington knows best’’ rule from the Department of Labor that is going to put access peo-ple, choice people, and cost those low- and middle-income investors out of this entire savings retirement future. 
So I implore my colleagues to reject 
the amendment from my colleague, Congressman L
YNCH , and to support 
the Retail Investor Protection Act, H.R. 1090. 
I thank the chairman for his time 
and effort and the entire committee and, again, all the colleagues, those 
who even wanted to come to the floor to speak on this issue because their constituents are so very concerned about their personal retirement sav-ings and freedom. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
would just urge all Members to vote for freedom, to vote for opportunity, to vote for empowerment of the farmers, the factory workers, the low- and mod-erate-income people, the single moms, all building a retirement security. 
Reject the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, and vote for H.R. 1090, the Retail Investor Pro-tection Act from the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ). 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended, and on the amendment by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ). 
The question is on the amendment by 
the gentleman from Massachusetts. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on adoption of the amendment will be followed by 5- minute votes on a motion to recommit, if ordered; passage of the bill, if or-dered; and passage of H.R. 597. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 184, nays 246, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 574] 
YEAS—184 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee 
Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore 
Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) 
Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—246 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte 
Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) 
Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.077 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7243 October 27, 2015 
Walden 
Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—4 
Comstock 
Roskam Sarbanes 
Takai 
b1817 
Messrs. MEEHAN, GOHMERT, 
ROHRABACHER, and SAM JOHNSON of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida and Ms. 
BASS changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 245, nays 186, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 575] 
YEAS—245 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford 
Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas 
Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino 
Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—186 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr 
Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres 
Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—3 
Roskam Takai Whitfield 
b1825 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK REFORM 
AND REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 597) to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 313, nays 118, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 576] 
YEAS—313 
Adams 
Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook 
Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al 
Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.026 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7244 October 27, 2015 
Lee 
Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski 
LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell 
Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) 
Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—118 
Abraham 
Allen Amash Babin Barr Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brat Buck Burgess Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Crawford Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy 
Graves (GA) Grayson Guthrie Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem 
Nugent Olson Palmer Perry Pittenger Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ryan (WI) Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Tipton Walberg Walker Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wittman Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
NOT VOTING—3 
Roskam Takai Whitfield b1832 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, last 
week, President Obama vetoed the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, which sets funding levels for our mili-tary operations. 
The bipartisan NDAA contains a 
number of positive components. The bill funds our troops’ pay increases, health care and retirement benefits. It funds the ongoing effort to defeat ISIS and our effort to Afghanistan. This measure blocks the President’s plan to close Guantanamo Bay, which would move the terrorists here to U.S. pris-ons if it was shut down. And it con-tinues funding for the A–10, a very im-portant close air support aircraft so ef-fective that it is leading the fight against ISIS. 
This isn’t one of the controversial 
issues we debate here. It is about the basic responsibility of funding our military while our Armed Forces are engaged overseas. 
With ISIS, Syria, Iran, South China 
Sea, Ukraine, Afghanistan, and also our allies like Israel watching and won-dering what we are doing here, we need to do a lot better than that. We need to override the President’s veto. 
f 
REAUTHORIZATION OF THE 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
(Mr. AGUILAR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, today, 
Congress was faced with a 22-day exten-sion for the reauthorization of the highway trust fund. We have been in this situation before, and every time Republican leadership has chosen to kick the can down the road. 
Mr. Speaker, it has to end here. This 
needs to be the last time. If Congress is going to take 22 days, then we need to use the time to come together and focus on a long-term solution, one that is measured in years, not months. 
Our roads, rails, and bridges are the 
foundation of our economy. They transport our goods, get working moms and dads to and from work, and they connect our towns and cities to States and to the global economy. 
We cannot afford to gamble with our 
transportation and infrastructure, which Inland Empire families in my area and millions throughout the coun-try rely on every day. 
If we are able to do this extension, 
then let’s stop governing by crisis. Short-term Band-Aid solutions prevent 
cities and towns from being able to plan and accommodate for future projects. 
Today, I ask my colleagues to come 
together and take these 22 days to put through a responsible, long-term solu-tion so Inland Empire families and throughout this Nation have safe and sustainable infrastructure to support their growing homes and businesses. 
f 
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AWARENESS 
MONTH 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as a 
former judge and prosecutor, I saw the impact of domestic violence firsthand. 
As co-founders of the Victims’ Rights 
Caucus, with my friend J
IMCOSTA from 
California, we believe that it is impor-tant to recognize October as Domestic Violence Awareness Month. 
My grandmother used to always say, 
‘‘You never hurt someone you claim you love.’’ Yet, in 2014 alone, 132 women were killed in domestic vio-lence-related incidents in Texas. 
After a history of spousal abuse, 27- 
year-old Candace Williams Deckard of Houston, Texas, was murdered by her husband on July 17, 2014. She had three children. Her toddler was in the room when she was murdered. Another one of her children, a 7-year-old, ran down the street for help. All of these children will grow up without their mother. 
Domestic violence, Mr. Speaker, is 
not a family issue; it is a national health issue, and it is a criminal jus-tice issue. Domestic violence is a scourge on our national culture. We must not tolerate those who would de-stroy a family by abuse and murder. We must protect victims. 
After all, Mr. Speaker, you never 
hurt someone you claim you love. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
RETAIL INVESTOR PROTECTION 
ACT 
(Mr. CURBELO of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of H.R. 1090, the Retail Investor Protection Act, which just passed the House. 
This bill would delay the Labor De-
partment’s regulation defining when an individual would be considered a fidu-ciary under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, or ERISA. 
As a member of the House Education 
and the Workforce Committee, I have expressed serious concerns that the proposal to expand the definition of ‘‘fiduciary’’ will limit investor choice, prohibit access to investor guidance, and raise the costs of savings for re-tirement. 
In July, I signed a comment letter, 
led by Chairman K
LINE and Chairman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.024 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7245 October 27, 2015 
ROE, stressing that this proposal would 
cut off vital financial advice for many low- and middle-income families and small business owners. We also shared concerns that this regulation would conflict with Securities and Exchange Commission rulemakings authorized in Dodd-Frank. 
I want to thank my colleague, Mrs. 
W
AGNER , for introducing this impor-
tant legislation that will provide cer-tainty in ensuring that adequate finan-cial planning products are available for all my constituents in south Florida, and I stand ready to work with Chair-man K
LINE to further address this issue 
at the Education and the Workforce Committee. 
f 
NATIONAL FARM TO SCHOOL 
MONTH 
(Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize Na-tional Farm to School Month. 
During the month of October, thou-
sands of local food producers in schools across the country have been working together to promote food and agri-culture education. 
Since Farm to School Month was es-
tablished in 2010, the National Farm to School Network has worked to high-light the importance of teaching kids the benefits of healthy food choices and the advantages for our local economies when we buy them from local pro-ducers. 
The Farm to School Network pro-
vides kids with hands-on nutrition edu-cation through projects like commu-nity gardens and farm field trips. 
Earlier this year, members of my 
staff worked at a community garden in Springfield, Illinois, sponsored by genHkids, a nonprofit organization that strives to educate children about the importance of healthy eating. 
I am a cosponsor of H.R. 1061, the 
Farm to School Act, which expands USDA grant funding to schools, agri-cultural producers, and nonprofits to improve access to local foods for pro-grams that serve our communities, such as the School Breakfast Program, the Summer Food Service Program, and the Child and Adult Care Food Pro-gram. 
Our local food producers play an inte-
gral role in feeding central and south-ern Illinois families. In celebration of National Farm to School Month, thank you to all our farmers and schools that bring healthy, local foods to the table for our kids. 
f 
b1845 
SPEAKER JOHN BOEHNER AND HIS 
SERVICE TO AMERICA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HILL). Under the Speaker’s announced 
policy of January 6, 2015, the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. C HABOT ) is rec-
ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I will be 
sharing the time this evening with the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), 
who will handle the Democratic Mem-bers who are interested in speaking, and I think there may be some lan-guage up there that the Chair may want to read into the R
ECORD at the 
appropriate time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair understands that all time yielded to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) will be yielded through the 
gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C HABOT ). 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, in having 
represented a neighboring district to J
OHN BOEHNER ’s for 19 of the last 21 
years, I have come to know J OHNpret-
ty well. I consider him not just a col-league and the leader of the House, but a friend. 
It is not just our time in Congress in 
representing neighboring districts that we share. We have had a lot in common throughout our lives, and we have often talked about those similarities. 
We have both lived in the Cincinnati 
area our entire lives. We were born and grew up in Reading, a small, blue-col-lar neighborhood just to the north of the city of Cincinnati, although my family moved to Cincinnati’s west side when I was 6 years old. 
We were both second-born children, 
although I am the second of 4 and J
OHN 
is the second of 12 children. We were both raised—and still are—Catholic. So I know just how important having Pope Francis speak to a joint session of Congress was for Speaker J
OHN BOEH-
NER. 
We both played football in rival 
Catholic high schools in the GCL, the Greater Cincinnati League, which is an incredibly competitive league in a foot-ball-crazy State: Ohio. We both played defense. 
In fact, we both had ties to former 
head coaches at Notre Dame. J
OHN 
played for Gerry Faust at Moeller High School, and I was recruited to William & Mary by Lou Holtz, both of whom, of course, became head coaches at Notre Dame. 
We both worked to put ourselves 
through school as janitors. Later we both ran small businesses, J
OHNwith a 
packaging and plastics business and I with a very small law practice. 
We both served in local politics in 
the Cincinnati area in the 1980s before being elected to Congress. So in many ways I understand the challenges that J
OHN has overcome, probably, more 
than most. Make no mistake. J OHN BOEHNER ’s 
story is incredible. It is the American Dream personified. 
A couple of my colleagues, I know, 
would like to speak here this evening. So, first, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS). 
Mr. GIBBS. I thank the gentleman 
from southern Ohio. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to speak 
today to recognize outgoing Speaker B
OEHNER , whom I got to know a little 
bit better in 2010, when I ran for Con-gress. So many of us are here today serving and had difficult races that year, and the Speaker’s commitment to us was a big morale boost in that long campaign. 
I remember the last days of the 2010 
election when we had two standing room only rallies in Zanesville and Chillicothe, Ohio. On the eve of those historic victories, I was proud to stand with Speaker B
OEHNER and lay out the 
vision for the Republican House. 
Mr. Speaker, I have a picture of the 
Zanesville rally hanging on the wall in my home. As you begin your retire-ment, I hope that you will continue to look back on those chilly October ral-lies in 2010 as fondly as I do. 
Thank you, Mr. Speaker, for the 
years of service to the people of west-ern Ohio and the country and your con-fidence in me and in so many other candidates in 2010. I congratulate you on your retirement, and I wish you and your family nothing but the best. 
Godspeed. Mr. CHABOT. I thank the gentleman 
for his very kind remarks. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-
woman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). I 
might note that she is the most senior now of the 16 Members from Ohio and is the longest serving woman in the en-tire House of Representatives. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I thank the gentleman 
from Cincinnati, Congressman C
HABOT , 
for organizing this important hour of recognition, and I thank all of my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle who have taken the time to be here to thank Speaker J
OHN BOEHNER for his 
service to America. 
Mr. Speaker, J OHN has served the 
people of Ohio ably for well more than two decades, having begun his career in the Ohio legislature, but he has served here in the Congress now for more than two decades. 
If we think about that period of time, 
we think about the various situations that he has faced as a Member and then later as Speaker, certainly, in the late 1990s, being part of a broad coalition to balance the budget when President Clinton was President. Literally, we were able to balance the budget by the end of the 1990s and begin paying back America’s long-term debt. 
That all changed with the dawn of 
war in the 21st century, with the 9/11 attack on our country, subsequent military conflicts, and then the 2008– 2009 economic crash, which we are still digging our way out of. We look at the more recent, sad invasion by Russia of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.085 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7246 October 27, 2015 
Ukraine and at the ensuing conflict in 
the Middle East that has now spilled over into Syria. 
I would say that this period of Speak-
er B
OEHNER ’s service, both as Speaker 
and then prior, as a Member, has been a very difficult time for America. 
If I think about some of my favorite 
memories of the Speaker, certainly it would be one of our most recent experi-ences as a Congress, with Pope Francis coming here and the Speaker’s hand-kerchief being very wet during that pe-riod, but I know of his utter joy at hav-ing worked so hard to invite the Pope here to address us. For the first time in American history, a Pope addressed the Congress as the head of state. 
Another memory I have of the Speak-
er—and, I think, Congressman C
HABOT  
shared—was with Ohio State and the victors over here in the Speaker’s Lobby. Over in the Rayburn Room, all of us were posing, Republican and Dem-ocrat alike. We were very proud of our Ohio Buckeyes. Some of our col-leagues, like Congressman J
OYCE , was 
handing out Buckeyes to every Mem-ber, which his wife made. There were moments of joy as well. 
There were the Speaker’s many ac-
complishments, such as the Speaker re-quiring bills to be posted 3 days online before we voted on them. He had many accomplishments and built a legacy in his own right, as a reasonable voice for his party, despite presiding over a frac-tious membership that has become more fractious with the ensuing years. He consistently worked to find a way forward during a period as contentious as any, that I recall, in the history of this Congress, even when compromise seemed out of reach. 
I would have to say, without ques-
tion, Speaker B
OEHNER ’s departure is a 
huge loss to our Buckeye State. The House is a place where seniority and the ability to balance competing and sometimes intractable demands mat-ter, and we as Ohioans are very, very grateful for his service. 
As the most senior member of Ohio’s 
Buckeye delegation, I thank the Speaker for his dutiful and patriotic service to the people of the United States and to this House for 25 years. His respectful and moderating pres-ence—often with a smile—in this House will be missed. 
May he and his family enjoy the 
years ahead as he returns home to Ohio and, I think, to some other locations to get some deserved R&R after the very difficult period during which he has served. 
We have several speakers on this 
side, Congressman C
HABOT , and we 
await your yielding us time in order to recognize them in due order. I thank you so much. 
Mr. CHABOT. I thank the gentle-
woman for her kind words. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Ohio (Mr. R
ENACCI ), whom I hap-
pened to defeat in the Ohio delegation fantasy football league this past week-end. Mr. RENACCI. I thank the gen-
tleman. I did not know we were going to talk about that tonight. 
Mr. Speaker, tonight I join my col-
leagues in voicing my appreciation for the years of dedicated service of our Speaker, J
OHNBOEHNER . 
Speaker B OEHNER has been a strong 
leader through some very difficult and unique times. He has faced many chal-lenging situations and decisions, but he has also celebrated many great accom-plishments. 
He arranged for Congress to hear 
from great foreign leaders during piv-otal times in our Nation, such as Israel’s Prime Minister and the Ukranian President. Most recently, he orchestrated the historic visit of the head of the Roman Catholic Church, Pope Francis, to address a joint session of Congress. 
He has been a leader on improving 
our education system and the lives of all children. It has been an honor and a privilege to serve alongside him in this Chamber and with the Ohio delegation. 
Mr. Speaker, one fun fact about 
Speaker B
OEHNER and I: We both love 
to play golf, and I have played a lot of courses with him, but never in the same foursome. 
So, Speaker B
OEHNER , I look forward 
to one day joining you for a friendly round of 18. 
Again, I want to thank Speaker 
B
OEHNER and his family for their years 
of service and dedication to our coun-try. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from Chicago, Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ). 
Mr. LIPINSKI. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend the 
public service commitment and dedica-tion of Speaker J
OHNBOEHNER . 
The Speaker has much to be proud of, 
and we all should be thankful for his service to his constituents, to the House, and to our Nation. 
While we all can find issues on which 
we didn’t agree with him, I appreciate that Speaker B
OEHNER did his utmost 
best to keep the House functioning in a vital branch of government—yes, in some very, very difficult times—but I think history will really show that J
OHN BOEHNER did a fantastic job in 
getting us through these times. 
Speaker B OEHNER , we all know, has a 
big heart. I guess it is not dem-onstrated in his profane way that he likes to address his friends, but it is demonstrated well by all of the time and effort he has put into a scholarship program for disadvantaged children in Washington, D.C., to go to Catholic schools. He knew the advantages that he had in going to Catholic school, and he wanted to give those advantages to others. I think that really says much more about J
OHN BOEHNER than any-
thing else, probably, that he has done. 
So thank you, Speaker B OEHNER , for 
your service and the sacrifices you, your wife Debbie, and your entire fam-ily have made. I would also like to acknowledge the 
Speaker’s staff, who are a great reflec-tion of the Speaker. I especially want to acknowledge his Chief of Staff, Mike Sommers; his floor leader, Jo-Marie St. Martin; his former Chief of Staff, Barry Jackson; Katherine Haley; Maria Lohmeyer; Tommy Andrews; and so many others who really helped this place to run. 
Thank you for all of your service, 
and I wish all of you the very best. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ). 
Mr. LATTA. Thank you very much. I 
appreciate Chairman C HABOT for yield-
ing and for the Special Order tonight to honor Speaker B
OEHNER . 
Mr. Speaker, this is a time of reflec-
tion when you kind of remember some of the first times you actually meet people and have met people, and this is one of the things I remember about J
OHNBOEHNER . 
I was in the Ohio General Assembly. 
What a couple of our colleagues and some of my fellow Members here to-night will remember very well are Sen-ators White and Nein. 
We were walking across the street in 
front of the State House in Columbus, and I said, ‘‘Hey, why don’t you come over with us. We are going to have a meeting with J
OHNBOEHNER , who is in 
the U.S. House, and talk about some of the things that he is doing on edu-cation.’’ 
That is the first time I met the 
Speaker, and I can still remember how impassioned he was at that time when you were talking about education and about the youth of America. 
The next time I really got to know 
the Speaker was during my special election back in 2007. After it was all over, I can still remember that my wife and I got a call from the Clerk’s Office here. It was around 11 p.m. on election night. 
They said, ‘‘We need to know when 
you are going to come down and get sworn in.’’ 
I said, ‘‘I need to talk to my wife 
about that.’’ I said, ‘‘Don’t we need to worry about the Secretary of State?’’ 
‘‘Oh, no. We see that as no problem at 
all.’’ 
So we started talking about it be-
cause we wanted to make sure our daughters were here to see me get sworn in. We had this all planned out that we would come down the following Monday. 
I was pulling into the State House’s 
parking garage the very next morning, at about 9 a.m., because I was still a member of the State General Assembly and had to vote that day. Just as I am pulling in, my phone rings. 
I say, ‘‘Hello,’’ and it is J
OHNBOEH-
NER. 
He asked, ‘‘L ATTA , when are you 
coming down here?’’ 
I said, ‘‘You know, it is funny. I just 
got off the phone. I was talking with my wife about that.’’ I said, ‘‘I think we can get there on Monday.’’ 
He said, ‘‘You will be here tomor-
row.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.086 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7247 October 27, 2015 
And I said, ‘‘Leader, we will see you 
tomorrow.’’ 
But he has always been very, very ac-
cessible. The Members here in the House have always been very appre-ciative of that. There has never been a time that I have been denied an oppor-tunity to sit down with him in his of-fice to go over the issues that are im-portant to me and to the people of my district. 
b1900 
It is also important that, as the 
chairman said a little earlier about being from the same area, well, the Speaker and I share a county in north-west Ohio, which is Mercer County. The people there speak so highly of him. 
So with all these years that have 
gone by, I just want to wish the Speak-er, Debbie, and his whole family all the best and a great retirement. 
Mr. CHABOT. I thank the gentleman 
for his kind words for the Speaker. 
I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio 
(Ms. K
APTUR ). 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman very much. 
I would just like to say that one of 
the features I like best about J OHN 
BOEHNER is that he wanted to be 
Speaker of the House. He didn’t want to be President. He didn’t want to head over to the other body. He didn’t want a Supreme Court nomination. 
He really loved this House, and that 
matters. That matters to all of us who continue to serve, and that matters to the historical record. 
We appreciate all of the substance 
that he has given. Whether you agreed with him on issues or not, he definitely was a man of the House. 
Mr. CHABOT. I yield to the gentle-
woman from northeastern Ohio (M
ARCIA FUDGE ), representing Cleve-
land down to Akron. 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I am proud 
to stand with the Ohio delegation this evening to thank you, Mr. Speaker, for your 24 years in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives and for your lifetime of public service. You have served this Nation and the people of Ohio with dis-tinction. 
For 24 years, you have honored and 
respected this institution. You have worked arduously to get things done. As Speaker, you have been a leader willing to listen to all sides and ad-dress the complex issues of our time. We applaud your commitment and dedication to the House and will be for-ever grateful for your statesmanship and courtesy. 
While we may not have always 
agreed, your door was always open. I could always come to you and discuss problems and issues. I respect your opinion and consider you a friend. 
I speak for everyone when I say you 
will be missed in this House. You are a gentleman and a scholar, and it has been a pleasure and a privilege to have served with you. I wish you well in your retirement. Mr. CHABOT. I thank the gentle-
woman for her kind words. 
I mentioned before in my opening 
statement that there are a number of rival GCL, Greater Cincinnati League, high schools. They are rivals in all sports, in academics and everything really, but especially in football. 
As I mentioned, Speaker B
OEHNER  
went to Moeller, one of those GCL schools. I went to LaSalle. Elder is an-other school. The fourth school, not necessarily in order because they beat LaSalle this year and for the last 5 years, is St. Xavier High School. 
The next gentleman who will be shar-
ing in this tribute to our Speaker is a graduate of St. Xavier High School, and that is B
RADWENSTRUP . 
I yield to the gentleman from Ohio 
(Mr. W ENSTRUP ). 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Well, I thank you, 
Mr. Chairman, for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I am here to recognize 
the gentleman from Reading, Ohio. It is a town in my district full of hard-working people and committed fami-lies. 
Now, this man from Reading grew up 
in a big and very faithful family. He learned the value of hard work sweep-ing the floors of his father’s bar and worked his way through Xavier Univer-sity in Cincinnati. 
When he came to Washington, he was 
a reformer from day one. The last man standing from the Gang of Seven, he worked to clean up corruption from the House bank in the 1990s to banning ear-marks today. 
For the first time in half a century, 
the House of Representatives decreased discretionary spending for 2 years in a row. 
Mr. Speaker, with all of your service 
in mind, I am reminded of a Teddy Roosevelt quote. It says: ‘‘It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stum-bles, or where the doer of deeds could have done better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena.’’ And that is you. 
J
OHNBOEHNER attended Moeller High 
School, as Representative C HABOT men-
tioned, a school in Cincinnati that I am proud to say is a rival to my high school, St. Xavier. We beat Moeller this year, and, Mr. C
HABOT , we beat La-
Salle this year. 
You know, through that Catholic 
schooling, J OHN BOEHNER committed 
himself to thousands of children that seek a real education and values in their lives. His support for educational choice has opened pathways of oppor-tunity for thousands of children locked in poverty, fighting to give all students a chance to choose their own future. 
For over a decade, J
OHNBOEHNER has 
held fundraisers for scholarships for D.C. children seeking a chance in life through education at D.C. Catholic schools that otherwise they could not get. 
I hope that these acts of kindness 
will be permanently engraved in the legacy of Speaker J
OHNBOEHNER . So thank you, Mr. Speaker, not only 
on behalf of the largest Republican ma-jority since 1928, but on behalf of my family and for your and Debbie’s per-sonal kindness and guidance to us. 
Good luck, Mr. Speaker. Thank you. Mr. CHABOT. I thank the gentleman 
for his very kind words. 
I yield to the esteemed gentleman 
from New York City (Mr. R
ANGEL ). 
(Mr. RANGEL asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. RANGEL. Well, I am not only 
going to miss Speaker J
OHNBOEHNER , 
but I am going to miss when I leave next year the Congress that J
OHN 
BOEHNER and I have loved so much. 
If Republicans think that they had a 
problem with J OHN BOEHNER , they 
should have known Jack Kemp because it was Jack Kemp who introduced me to J
OHNBOEHNER . And at that time, we 
acknowledged that there were Demo-crats and Republicans, but the whole idea that you could be vindictive enough to attempt to destroy someone politically or not work together as J
OHNdid with George Miller in bring-
ing Leave No Child Behind—the work that I have done on Ways and Means with trade and was so open in dealing with J
OHN, who represented, not an ide-
ology, but represented what he thought was best for the country. 
To me, J
OHN BOEHNER was, as so 
many people have said, just a regular guy, the first one in his family, like so many of us, that went to college. He entered public service and through a variety of things became the Speaker of the House, which has to be just one of the greatest sense of pride that any American could ever have. 
The whole idea that there were peo-
ple in this partisan time that would be-lieve that they would want him to leave even more than Democrats would want him to leave is something that would have to be explained by history. 
Of course, things are strange today. 
There is a Black doctor brain surgeon who is now leading for President for the Republican Party. And Donald Trump, a favorite with Saturday Night Livers, is right behind him for Presi-dent. There is a big battle as to who will replace J
OHN. 
These are things that are just so un-
usual so that, while I miss J OHN, I am 
just missing the days when we used to come to this floor in this Congress to decide how many votes do we need to get something passed. We hoped that we would be in the majority, but the most exciting thing would be being able to work with the other side and being able to sit with the President or stand with the President and to truly feel that you were not a Democrat or Republican, but you got legislation passed. 
We never called it compromise. I 
guess we called it just working to-gether and enjoying working together, and that is gone. I don’t know whether it will come back. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.087 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7248 October 27, 2015 
It would seem to me that J OHNis al-
ways going to be remembered as some-body that cared more about his coun-try, his family, and this Congress than he did about being Speaker. And that is the way I want to remember him. 
Thank you, Congressman C
HABOT and 
Congresswoman K APTUR , for giving me 
this opportunity. 
Mr. CHABOT. I appreciate the gentle-
man’s words. He has been around here a long time. He is a very distinguished gentleman, a Korean war veteran, and we respect you greatly. 
I yield to the gentleman from Ohio 
(Mr. T
IBERI ). 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, what a 
journey. What a journey. It is a jour-ney that I got to join after I was elect-ed to the House in November of 2000. 
My first real interaction with you, 
Mr. Speaker, you might remember, you were the incoming chairman of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
As freshmen, we were putting to-
gether our requests to decide what our top committee assignments would be. Education and the Workforce wasn’t one of mine, but apparently it is one of yours, not just for you as chairman but for me as freshman because you came by and you saw my list and said, ‘‘I don’t know why you are doing that. You are going to be on the Education and the Workforce Committee.’’ I said, ‘‘No, I am not.’’ Yes, I was and, yes, I did. And it was an unbelievable experi-ence. It was one which I did not expect. And as Chairman R
ANGEL said, it was 
one that made history with George Miller and the late Senator Ted Ken-nedy and President George W. Bush. It wouldn’t have happened without the leadership of then-Chairman B
OEHNER . 
Boy, could he run a committee. It 
was really his forte, and most Ameri-cans don’t even know what a great committee chairman he was. He was a committee chairman’s chairman, quite frankly. 
He, as leader, as Speaker, will go 
down in history as one who cherished that process. That process was not al-ways what he liked or what he wanted, but he sure understood it, he sure re-spected it, and he sure loved it. As Mr. R
ANGEL knows, he was sure good at it 
in a bipartisan way. 
In early 2006, we had an opening for 
majority leader. I harken back to a dinner that I was able to attend back in 2002 when I heard then-Chairman B
OEHNER say, ‘‘You know, some day I 
would like to be back in leadership.’’ 
I looked at him like he was crazy. 
You are kidding me? How could he do that? 
Do you know what he did? He just 
worked hard. He did the right things. He played the long game. He helped people. When the opening that nobody saw came in 2006, he won an upset race on the second ballot to become our ma-jority leader. 
The die was already cast, and we lost 
that election in November of 2006. The Democrats took the majority, and J
OHN was our minority leader. He 
worked hard. Many thought that we would never see that majority again. 
On November, the day before the 
election in 2010, I had lunch with then- Leader B
OEHNER , and he said: ‘‘We are 
going to take the majority back, and it is going to happen tomorrow.’’ 
Ladies and gentlemen, history all 
changed when Pope Francis came. It changed because Pope Francis was here, but it changed the history of J
OHNBOEHNER ’s speakership. I am con-
fident history will show that J OHN 
BOEHNER was one of the best Speakers 
in the history of our country. 
Mr. Speaker, Godspeed. We will miss 
you. 
Mr. CHABOT. I thank the gentleman 
very much. Very inspiring. 
I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio 
(Ms. K APTUR ). 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, next will 
be Congresswoman J OYCE BEATTY , who 
had served as the minority leader of the Ohio Senate prior to arriving here has just arrived with such capacity, and I know she has served with J
OHN 
BOEHNER and knows him very well. 
Thank you for being here this 
evening, Congresswoman B EATTY . 
Mr. CHABOT. I yield to the gentle-
woman from Ohio (Mrs. B EATTY ). 
Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you to my 
friend, Congresswoman M ARCY KAPTUR , 
and Congressman C HABOT for managing 
tonight’s Special Order. 
I am proud to join my colleagues as 
we salute Speaker J OHNANDREW BOEH-
NERfor his almost 25 years of service 
and being elected this January to his third term as Speaker of the House. 
Tonight my remarks are personal. I 
have had the pleasure of knowing J
OHN 
BOEHNER for more than three decades. 
Although at different times we both served in the Ohio House of Represent-atives, he and my spouse, Otto, served and worked on many things together. 
b1915 
When I came to Congress, he invited 
me into his office for a cup of coffee. It is not bad to have the Speaker, the third most powerful person in the country, call you by your first name and, when we are back home, to say to others in my district that I am his friend. 
As a freshman, I learned, as most of 
you know, that seniority is very impor-tant in this House. Well, I said, I was a freshman, so that equals no seniority. Nelson Mandela died, and I learned that there was going to be an oppor-tunity for Members to go to South Af-rica to Nelson Mandela’s funeral. Wow. Yes, I wanted to go. 
All my colleagues said: There is one 
problem, Congresswoman B
EATTY , and 
that word again appeared—seniority. I will always be so grateful for Speaker B
OEHNER approving the recommenda-
tion from Leader P ELOSI . Yes, I went to 
Nelson Mandela’s funeral. 
Tonight I am proud to join my col-
leagues in saying that Speaker B OEH-
NER served as a great statesman for Ohio and the Nation. The great State 
of Ohio has benefited greatly through his leadership. 
While there are things, certainly, 
that we have not agreed on, we have al-ways managed to not be disagreeable in a way that was negative for Ohio or the Nation. But there were some things that we did agree on. 
There is one quote that was a very 
proud moment for me, as a Member of this United States Congress, when Speaker B
OEHNER said: ‘‘It was begin-
ning to become a political football, and I just thought it was time to stop. Let’s have a discussion with respon-sible Members of Congress to try to bring some resolution to this.’’ 
But in his own view, Mr. Speaker, 
there should be no debate because, he said: ‘‘In my view, the issue is settled. The flag should be gone.’’ And, Mr. Speaker, that flag was the Confederate flag. So I say thank you, Mr. B
OEHNER , 
for that. 
Thank you, Congresswoman K APTUR , 
for a recent article that I read that you wrote about Speaker B
OEHNER . I think 
you said it all when you talked about his life here in Congress, and you said we all have benefited in our State from the great work that he has done. I agree with you. 
Thank you, Mr. Speaker, for always 
taking my calls. Thank you for always having an open door. I leave you with these words, the words of Nelson Mandela: ‘‘It always seems impossible until it is done.’’ 
Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Job well 
done. 
Mr. CHABOT. Reclaiming my time, 
the gentlewoman referred to having been given the opportunity to attend the funeral of the great Nelson Mandela. The Speaker actually made it possible for me to also go on a bipar-tisan delegation to the funeral of Pope John Paul II, and it was one of those experiences that is kind of a once-in-a- lifetime thing. It was a sad occasion, but nonetheless one that was very in-spirational for me and a lot of other Members who went as well. 
I now yield to the gentleman from 
Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ). 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Chairman C HABOT for yielding to me. 
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor a 
fellow Ohioan who has done so much for our country. I didn’t really know J
OHN BOEHNER when Congresswoman 
Deborah Pryce, my predecessor once removed, decided to retire. He started calling me, and I got to know him a lit-tle better. He convinced me to run for Congress to make America better and make America stronger. 
The other thing I will always remem-
ber is he was very honest during that recruiting process. I remember talking to him about, ‘‘Gee, I would like to get on the Committee on Energy and Com-merce.’’ He took a big drag of his ciga-rette, and he said, ‘‘Not gonna hap-pen.’’ 
He never misled me. He never said 
anything that he didn’t back up. I will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.089 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7249 October 27, 2015 
always respect that about him and the 
way he has acted his entire time for 25 years in this House. I know he will be happy to spend more time with the things and people that are important to him. He is going to spend more time with his wife, Debbie, his children, his brandnew grandson, and of course he will spend more time with his golf clubs and probably a bottle of wine. 
I think it goes without saying that 
we will miss J
OHNBOEHNER more than 
he will miss us. He has always been the responsible adult in the room. He has always done what is right for America, regardless of the personal cost. He has a lasting legacy in this institution, from simple traditions like the Boeh-ner birthday song that we will sing in this institution for a very long time to policy matters, like looking after at- risk kids, both here in Washington and all around this country, enacting meaningful entitlement reform, and banning earmarks. 
He also had political accomplish-
ments: winning back a Republican ma-jority in the House and growing that majority. His legacy will be lasting in-deed. I am a better Representative for having worked with J
OHNBOEHNER . 
They say Washington changes you, 
but after 25 years in Washington, D.C., J
OHN BOEHNER has never forgotten 
where he came from. His roots are that big, Catholic family, running a local bar in a blue collar part of Cincinnati. That background grounded him and gave him the right perspective on both life and public service. Losing J
OHN 
BOEHNER is bad for Ohio, and I believe 
it is bad for America, but it is probably good for J
OHNBOEHNER . 
Speaker B OEHNER , on behalf of my 
constituents, let me say thank you for your selfless service to this country, and good luck in the future. Please don’t be a stranger. 
Mr. CHABOT. I thank the gentleman. 
Does the gentlewoman from Ohio have any further speakers? 
Ms. KAPTUR. Congressman C
HABOT , 
I have no further speakers, but I would just like to add this if I might. 
Mr. CHABOT. Absolutely. Ms. KAPTUR. That is, the cir-
cumstances that have led to Speaker B
OEHNER ’s decision to depart this 
Chamber trouble me a great deal. His-tory will report on everything that happened that has led to this point, but how sad is it that someone with that experience from our part of the coun-try—the Great Lakes region doesn’t have all that much here in terms of leadership positions—would do this for what he views as the good of the coun-try because certain individuals seem not to be able to work as a team. If we can’t work as a team, team America, then I think that really harms our en-tire Republic. 
Speaking as the dean of our delega-
tion, Ohio will lose a great deal by the Speaker’s departure. Many times I have said in my career: How is it that the State that produced John Glenn and Neil Armstrong to both orbit the globe and land on the Moon, why do we 
have the smallest NASA center in the country? 
There are real regional pulls inside 
this institution, and J
OHNBOEHNER put 
his sword in the ground for our Great Lakes region. I worry a lot about what this means for us as other parts of the country weigh in more heavily. 
As an Ohioan, understanding that 
there are so many things we don’t have from this Federal Government, we don’t have a major research center from the national energy labs; other than Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, we really don’t have bases, as other parts of the country do, to the same ex-tent, when you look at the Federal es-tablishment in Ohio; if you look at the National Park Service and what it does west of the Mississippi versus what it does east of the Mississippi. We actu-ally had a voice for our part of the country, so I take his leaving very per-sonally in terms of what it means to us as a State. 
I want to thank him for allowing the 
Ukraine Freedom Support Act to move to the floor late last year. It was one of the last agenda items of that session of Congress. I know, without his interven-tion, we wouldn’t be where we are today in terms of trying to be relevant at liberty’s edge. 
I thank him for his service. As third 
in line to the Presidency of this coun-try, most Americans will never know some of the burden that he bore, with knowledge that most of the rest of this Chamber does not have, but for certain he did, and he held that close to him-self. 
I thank him for all those quiet mo-
ments when perhaps the burden seemed almost overwhelming. I thank him for his service. I assume he will continue to be involved in some ways in the days and years ahead. He loves politics too much to just walk away from it. 
I thank him on behalf of the people of 
Ohio for representing our State, our re-gion, in his dutiful service to the United States of America. 
Thank you, Speaker J
OHN BOEHNER , 
from Ohio, from the heartland. 
I thank Congressman C HABOT , the 
dean on his side of the aisle, for yield-ing to me. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the gentlewoman for partici-pating this evening. We really do ap-preciate making this a bipartisan event. 
Although our next speaker is not 
from Ohio, she is the next best thing, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ), and that is no offense to our 
next door neighbors in Kentucky or Pennsylvania. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I want to thank the gentleman from Ohio for spearheading this Special Order tonight and giving us the oppor-tunity to honor Speaker B
OEHNER . 
Part of his legacy and what I was 
told about Speaker B OEHNER before I 
arrived here was his incredible hon-esty—honesty to all of us with whom he worked and honesty to the Amer-
ican people—his humility, his sense of humor, and his incredible patience. 
I remember first coming into Con-
gress in the 113th Congress and, in fact, it was the Speaker’s wife, Debbie Boeh-ner, who became the mentor to my husband, as a new congressional spouse. I was, quite frankly, a bit terri-fied of the thought of my husband being assigned to the Speaker’s wife. However, they were perfect. They both enjoy an incredible sense of humor, but they also ground us, and they remind us what is important in life. I would like to thank Debbie Boehner for shar-ing her husband and for sharing the fa-ther of their children with the country all of these many years. 
What the Speaker shared with all of 
us is he shared and taught all of us about the importance of this institu-tion, its rich history, and how to serve the people of our districts with distinc-tion and honor. Although I am a Miami of Ohio grad, I have to admit, I enjoyed a common bond with the Speaker in that my daughter played soccer for Xa-vier University, and so it was fun to share that love of Xavier University with him as well. 
I would like to mention probably his 
last codel, or his last congressional trip, and I was very honored to be asked to be a part of it. It was this summer, and it was a codel to Eastern Europe, to Lithuania, Finland, and Po-land, most notably, and we ended in Ireland. However, while we were in Eastern Europe, it was because of Speaker B
OEHNER that he showed the 
Eastern European countries how vi-tally important it was that we stand with our allies against Russian aggres-sion. 
It was an honor to be a part of that 
trip because he demonstrated Amer-ica’s leadership and commitment to freedom and ensuring that we would stand with our friends and allies. It was an incredible learning experience for me and the others on the trip. 
When I think about the Speaker, he 
probably has worked harder than any-one I will ever know to protect this in-stitution. Although it is not for much longer that we will call him Mr. Speak-er, I will always admire his steadfast commitment to protecting the Amer-ican public and serving our country. 
I must share that one of the unique 
aspects of his leadership and that of his terrific team which has surrounded him is they have done an incredible job sharing his experience as leader with the American public. Whether we have watched on YouTube or other ways a morning trip to the diner for breakfast, fixing his lawnmower at home, carving the turkey or, most importantly to him, the historic visit from Pope Francis, he and his staff have done an excellent job of giving the American public and the American people an in-side look at the life of J
OHNBOEHNER , 
the Speaker of the House. 
He embodies the qualities of an 
American patriot. It has truly been an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.090 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7250 October 27, 2015 
honor to serve with him in the United 
States Congress. I am now so pleased he will have the opportunity to enjoy being a new grandfather and enjoy his children, Lindsay and Tricia, and of course his wife, Debbie. He will very much be missed. 
Thank you, Mr. Speaker, for your 
commitment to our country. 
Mr. CHABOT. I thank the gentle-
woman for her kind words. She men-tioned she is a Miami of Ohio graduate. I would just note for the R
ECORD that 
our son Randy is a graduate, and my younger brother Dave is also a grad-uate of that great college. I almost went there myself. 
I now yield to the gentleman from 
Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ). 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. I thank the 
gentleman for yielding, and I thank the Ohio delegation for giving us this very special opportunity to honor a man whom we all admire and appreciate. 
I am not from Ohio. I am from the 
State of Florida. I haven’t known J
OHN 
BOEHNER nearly as long as many of my 
friends who have spoken here tonight. However, I can say this, Mr. Speaker: For many of us who are still relatively new here in Congress, for many of us who represent a younger generation of leaders who have come here to serve, J
OHN BOEHNER is a great example—an 
example of decency, of sincerity, of in-tegrity, and of profound caring for every single American and for all of us. 
b1930 
I am moved by J
OHNBOEHNER ’s work 
in education, which is clearly one of his great passions. As a school board member in Miami-Dade County, I saw firsthand the difference that J
OHN 
BOEHNER ’s work in education made in 
the lives of children, oftentimes poor children, low-income children, who would not be counted had J
OHNBOEH-
NER not done such wonderful work in 
the Committee on Education and the Workforce when he was chairman. 
The legislation that J
OHN BOEHNER  
and those who served with him ad-vanced made sure that every child counted and that no child would be counted out, no matter where they lived, the color of their skin, or where their parents came from. 
So today I just say thank you to 
J
OHNBOEHNER . I say thank you to his 
family. 
Like the Speaker, I am the father of 
two girls. I know exactly how much they have sacrificed for him, for his colleagues, and for our country. 
Mr. Speaker, I am a better man for 
having served with J
OHNBOEHNER . This 
institution is a better institution for his service. Tonight we and the Amer-ican people thank him. 
Mr. CHABOT. I thank the gentleman 
very much. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-
woman from American Samoa (Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ). 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. I thank the gen-
tleman from Ohio. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize 
the unwavering dedication and years of exemplary service of House Speaker 
JOHNBOEHNER to our great Nation. 
As the Delegate to the United States 
of House of Representatives from American Samoa, I am always honored to address the Chamber, even more so today, so that I can acknowledge the sincerity, kindness, and years of hard work of a man that I have known for over 20 years. 
As a man who has gone from the 
humble beginnings of a night janitor to the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, Mr. B
OEHNER is the 
perfect example of the American Dream fulfilled. It demonstrates that, with hard work, dedication, and a strong moral compass, one can achieve great things in our great Nation. 
From the humble beginnings of a 
child of 12 who used to sweep floors to second in line to the Presidency, not too shabby. 
I believe that the fact that he rose 
from very humble beginnings to the Speakership has made him the man and leader he is today, one who always made even the lowest ranking fresh-man feel at ease and included, and I thank him for that. 
While we all know of the many 
achievements that this man of the peo-ple has accomplished during his illus-trious career and recognize his unques-tionable dedication to our Nation, many do not realize just how kind, modest, and caring he truly is as a per-son. 
During a recent GOP retreat, I was 
able to spend a few minutes with the Speaker—or should I say my grand-
daughter Ella did. I had brought Ella, who is 2 years old, with me to the re-treat so that I could spend some time with her during the breaks in between the activities. 
Well, let me tell you, Ella was mes-
merized by the Speaker, and I am pret-ty sure he felt the same. They had a conversation that only the two of them seemed to understand, and Ella was just fascinated with this very funny man who was so kindly entertaining her. This short, but memorable, inter-action is one that I know Ella will be proud to recount when she is older. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that the House 
rise and join me in saluting the 53rd Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, J
OHN BOEHNER , and 
also thank him for his unwavering dedication and outstanding service to our grateful Nation. 
Mr. CHABOT. I thank the gentle-
woman for her kind and inspiring re-marks. 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-
tlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OM-
STOCK ). 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Speaker J OHNBOEHNER , 
a hardworking, dedicated gentleman who has served this institution with dignity and diligence. 
His perseverance in this role has been 
a true service to the Nation. He is a class act whose respect for the institu-tion and his love of country are ex-traordinary. I have been privileged to work with 
Speaker B
OEHNER , first when I was a 
congressional staffer on Capitol Hill back in the nineties, when I worked for my predecessor. At that time, Repub-licans took a historic majority in 1994 and Speaker B
OEHNER then was in the 
leadership. 
Then this year I was able to join, as 
a Member of Congress myself, with the largest Republican majority since the 1920s and serve with Speaker B
OEHNER  
once again. 
I know from that experience, both as 
a staffer as well as a Member, the in-credible, great treatment he always gave his staff, how we all know the leg-endary ‘‘Boehnerland,’’ and how he has always been so wonderful to work with. All of them continue to keep in touch with him. 
Speaker B
OEHNER has taken on each 
of these tasks, when he was a Member, when he was a Gang of Seven member, when he was a chairman, when he was a leader, and now a Speaker, with an energy and willingness, regardless of the headwinds. 
He is an honorable man of faith and 
conviction who has always served his constituents and the American people, particularly children and the most vul-nerable, in a faithful and consistent way. 
I particularly appreciate the Speaker 
bringing this year the Prime Minister of Israel, Mr. Netanyahu, and Pope Francis to this body to make historic addresses to Congress, addresses that we will always remember and that were just inspiring this year. I so appreciate his leadership in insisting on having us hear from those wonderful leaders of the world. 
He has always served as a patriot 
committed to our founding principles. He will be missed by many on both sides of the aisle, although I know he welcomes this new chapter in his life. I 
am very happy that he will be able to spend more time with his beloved new grandson and his family. 
I thank Speaker B
OEHNER for his 
service to this country, and I wish him well again as he begins this new chap-ter in his life. 
Mr. CHABOT. I thank the gentle-
woman very much for her remarks this evening, and I thank all the Members who came here, on both sides of the aisle, to speak. 
I want to particularly thank Ms. 
K
APTUR for participating in this trib-
ute to Speaker B OEHNER so that it was 
truly bipartisan this evening. 
I have some concluding remarks. I 
don’t think there are any more speak-ers following that. I think we have just about enough time. 
I already said a few things about 
J
OHN, but let me continue. J OHNBOEH-
NERwas born in 1949. He was the second 
of 12 children, 9 boys and 3 girls. His parents, Mary Anne and Earl Henry Boehner, ran the family business, Andy’s Bar, in Carthage, which is a neighborhood in my district. J
OHN’S 
grandfather opened that bar back in 1938. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.091 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7251 October 27, 2015 
JOHNgrew up in a two-bedroom house 
in Reading, with J OHNsharing one bed-
room with three brothers, while his sis-ter had the other. His parents slept on the pull-out couch. 
Although his father would later build 
a three-bedroom addition to the house, J
OHN still had to share a single bath-
room with his 11 brothers and sisters. So he learned how to manage conflict early in his life. 
Also, as the second oldest, he had to 
help his parents out not only around the house with his younger brothers and sisters, but also with the family business. 
At age 8, J
OHN began to work at 
Andy’s Bar, starting by mopping floors. Later he would wait on tables. In doing so, J
OHNlearned the value of a dollar 
and the importance of hard work. 
JOHN attended Moeller High School, 
as we have mentioned a few times this evening, and he played linebacker for future Notre Dame Head Coach Gerry Faust at Moeller. Playing in the GCL for Coach Faust, J
OHNlearned that you 
can achieve any goal in life if you are willing to work hard and to make the necessary sacrifices. 
As hard as it is for a LaSalle Lancer 
like myself to praise a Moeller Cru-sader, it is clear to me that J
OHN 
learned that lesson well, and his life and career are a testament to that message. 
After graduating from high school in 
1968, J
OHN enlisted in the Navy while 
America was heavily involved in Viet-nam. He was later honorably dis-charged due to a bad back, an injury he had suffered as a teenager working at the family bar. 
After holding several entry-level 
jobs, J
OHNthen set his sights on a col-
lege degree. With the encouragement of William Smith, a professor at Xavier University and high school football ref-eree who was mentoring him about ref-ereeing local sports, J
OHN decided to 
attend Xavier. 
Throughout his time at Xavier Uni-
versity, J OHN juggled numerous jobs, 
although his primary job was as a jan-itor for a Reading company. His hard work paid off, and he graduated from Xavier in 1977, becoming the first per-son in his family to graduate from col-lege. 
But his work as a janitor had another 
more important reward. He met his wife of 42 years, Debbie, who worked in the accounting department at the same company. They would marry in 1973, the same year my wife and I were mar-ried, and raised two daughters, Lindsay and Tricia, and now a grandson, Alistair. My wife and I also have two children, a daughter and a son, and one grandson so far. 
After graduating from Xavier, J
OHN 
was hired as a salesman for a small packaging and plastics company. Through hard work and determination, he steadily worked his way up the com-pany ladder, ultimately serving as president of the company. He resigned from that position when he was elected to Congress in 1990. In that job, J
OHN learned what it 
takes to survive in a small business and he learned all too well how dif-ficult it is for small businesses to deal with the regulatory and tax burdens imposed by the government. He brought that understanding to Wash-ington, where he has fought for small-er, less-intrusive government. 
J
OHNgot his start in politics by get-
ting involved in his local homeowners association. That experience led him to run for Township Trustee in Butler County’s Union Township, now called West Chester Township, in part, to dis-tinguish it from 27 other Union Town-ships in Ohio, including one in my dis-trict, where he served from 1981 to 1984. 
In 1984, he was elected to the Ohio 
House of Representatives, where Re-publicans were heavily outnumbered by Democrats at the time. In 1990, he won a four-person Republican primary for Ohio’s Eighth Congressional District. 
Although his victory was somewhat 
surprising in local political circles at the time, looking back now, it is more surprising that he wasn’t the favorite. 
Upon his election to Congress, J
OHN 
became a member of the so-called Gang of Seven, a group of Republicans who regularly battled with congressional leadership. Sounds like something around here in modern times. 
The Gang of Seven played a pivotal 
role in exposing the House Bank and post office scandals. 
Early on in his congressional career, 
J
OHN also worked closely with Newt 
Gingrich and helped to draft the Con-tract with America, a set of principles to which Republican candidates from all over the country agreed, including myself. 
It was those principles that propelled 
the Republican wave in 1994 and led to the first Republican majority in the House of Representatives in 40 years. 
Throughout his time in Congress, 
J
OHN has advocated commonsense re-
forms in the House and in the broader government. In addition to fighting to close the House Bank as part of the Contract with America, he also pushed for the requirement that Congress live by the same rules it imposes on the rest of the American people. 
Later, to help promote transparency 
in the appropriations process, J
OHNen-
acted the first ban on earmarks in the House. 
Although he will be remembered for 
many things, these reforms may have the most enduring impact on the credi-bility and integrity of this institution, the House of Representatives, the peo-ple’s House. 
However, knowing J
OHNlike I know 
him, I would guess that his fondest memory will be Pope Francis’ visit to Washington and his address to Con-gress right here in this very room. It was truly a historic and monumental event, as Pope Francis became the first sitting pontiff to address a joint ses-sion of Congress ever. 
Millions of Americans, myself in-
cluded, were moved by the Pope’s mes-sage about a spiritual path to a better 
future, particularly his call on all of us to strengthen our families, protect the sanctity of life, and help the less fortu-nate among us. 
It was an amazing moment for this 
House and this country, and it wouldn’t have been possible without Speaker J
OHNBOEHNER . I know it has 
been one of his top goals since he was in the Republican leadership back in the nineties, and I think it is a fitting finale to a very distinguished career. 
Ultimately, I hope that J
OHN BOEH-
NERis remembered like he would say, 
as a regular guy who rose from humble beginnings to become the leader of the people’s House, as a leader who never stopped believing that the American people can overcome any obstacles, and as a crusader who fought for a smaller, less-intrusive, and more accountable government. 
Of course, I will always remember 
him as a friend. 
Thank you, J
OHN, for your service to 
our Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 44 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b0013 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
TIVERS ) at 12 o’clock 
and 13 minutes a.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1314, ENSURING TAX EX-EMPT ORGANIZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–315) on the resolution (H. Res. 495) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. R OSKAM (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for October 26 and today on 
account of a matter requiring his per-sonal attention in the 6th Congres-sional District of Illinois. 
Mr. T
AKAI (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for October 26 and today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27OC7.092 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7252 October 27, 2015 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 313. An act to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 per-cent or more for purposes of undergoing med-ical treatment for such disability, and for other purposes. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on October 26, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills: 
H.R. 774. To strengthen enforcement mech-
anisms to stop illegal, unreported, and un-regulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Con-ventions Act of 1950 to implement the Anti-gua Convention, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 323. To designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office.’’ 
H.R. 324. To designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office.’’ 
H.R. 558. To designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building.’’ 
H.R. 1442. To designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building.’’ 
H.R. 1884. To designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 206 West Commercial Street in East Rochester, New York, as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building.’’ 
H.R. 3059. To designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building. 
H.R. 322. To designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Mis-souri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office.’’ 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I move that 
the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 12 o’clock and 14 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until today, Wednes-day, October 28, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3257. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing three officers to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, in accord-ance with 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
3258. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report covering the period from June 15, 2015 to August 14, 2015, pursu-ant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Pub. L. 107-243) and the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 1991 (Pub. L. 102-1); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
3259. A letter from the Clerk, United States 
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, trans-mitting an opinion of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, C.A. No. 14-1387, G.L.; et al. v. Ligonier Valley School District Authority, Appellant (Sep-tember 22, 2015); to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
3260. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-4203; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-142- AD; Amendment 39-18299; AD 2015-21-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
3261. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Pratt & Whitney Canada Corp. Turbo-shaft Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0486; Directorate Identifier 2015-NE-07-AD; Amendment 39-18282; AD 2015-20-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
3262. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; CFM International S.A. Turbofan En-gines [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0277; Direc-torate Identifier 2015-NE-05-AD; Amendment 39-18262; AD 2015-18-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3263. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Viking Air Limited (Type Certificate Previously Held by Bombardier, Inc.) Air-planes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0684; Direc-torate Identifier 2014-NM-215-AD; Amend-ment 39-18285; AD 2015-20-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3264. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Schempp-Hirth Flugzeugbau GmbH Sailplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3224; Direc-torate Identifier 2015-CE-026-AD; Amendment 39-18290; AD 2015-20-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3265. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-1046; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-021-AD; Amendment 39-18286; AD 2015-20-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3266. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-3877; Directorate Identifier 2015-SW-039- AD; Amendment 39-18284; AD 2015-18-51] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
3267. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Pratt & Whitney Canada Corp. Turbo-prop Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2013-1059; Di-rectorate Identifier 2013-NE-36-AD; Amend-ment 39-17896; AD 2014-14-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3268. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0128; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-133-AD; Amendment 39-18278; AD 2015-19-16] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3269. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Lockheed Martin Corporation/Lock-heed Martin Aeronautics Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0493; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-184-AD; Amendment 39- 18283; AD 2015-20-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3270. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Piper Aircraft, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-4085; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-033-AD; Amendment 39-18292; AD 2015-20-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3271. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Air-planes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3981; Direc-torate Identifier 2015-NM-126-AD; Amend-ment 39-18280; AD 2015-20-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3272. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Sheridan, AR [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-1388; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ASW-3] re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, 
Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3273. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; General Electric Company Turbofan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.027 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7253 October 27, 2015 
Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2008-0808; Direc-
torate Identifier 2008-NE-18-AD; Amendment 39-18288; AD 2015-20-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3274. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Springfield, MO [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0559; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ACE-6] received Oc-tober 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3275. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airspace Designations; Incorporation by Reference Amendments [Docket No.: 2015-3375; Amendment No.: 71- 47] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
3276. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2012-0108; Directorate Identifier 2011-NM-049-AD; Amendment 39-18215; AD 2015-15-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3277. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace for the following Iowa towns: Audu-bon, IA; Corning, IA; Cresco, IA; Eagle Grove, IA, Guthrie Center, IA; Hampton, IA; Harlan, IA; Iowa Falls, IA; Knoxville, IA; Oelwein, IA; and Red Oak, IA [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0368; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ACE- 9] received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3278. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Ponce, PR [Docket No.: FAA-2014- 0967; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ASO-19] re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3279. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Stockton, CA [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-1622; Airspace Docket No.: 15-AWP-9] re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3280. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Modification to Re-stricted Areas R-3602A & R-3602B; Manhat-tan, KS [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3758; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ACE-1] (RIN: 2120-AA66) re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3281. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Modification to Re-
stricted Areas R-3601A & R-3601B; Brookville, KS [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3780; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ACE-5] received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
3282. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Newport, NH [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0037; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ANE-3] re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3283. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Marshall, AR [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-1833; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ASW-7] re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3284. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Cottonwood, AZ [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-2270; Airspace Docket No.: 12-AWP-11] received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3285. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Ashland, VA [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0252; Airspace Docket No.: 15-AEA-1] re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3286. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Revocation of Class D Airspace; Springfield, OH [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-1071; Airspace Docket No.: 14-AGL-15] re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3287. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and Class E Airspace, Revocation of Class E Airspace; Mountain Home, ID [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1136; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ANM- 12] received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 2212. A bill to take cer-tain Federal lands located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–314). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
[October 28 (legislative day, October 27), 2015] 
Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 495. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the Senate amendment to the 
bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. (Rept. 114–315). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself and 
Ms. L EE): 
H.R. 3834. A bill to amend GEAR UP to re-
quire that schools receiving funding under the program provide students with access to academic and mental health counseling serv-ices, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: 
H.R. 3835. A bill to increase the statutory 
limit on the public debt by $1 trillion upon the adoption by Congress of a balanced budg-et Constitutional amendment and by an ad-ditional $1 trillion upon ratification by the States of that amendment; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, 
Ms. B
ASS, and Mr. R ANGEL ): 
H.R. 3836. A bill to require a report on di-
versity recruitment, employment, retention, and promotion at the Department of State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. ELLISON (for himself and Mr. 
L
EWIS): 
H.R. 3837. A bill to strengthen the current 
protections available under the National Labor Relations Act by providing a private right of action for certain violations of such Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judici-ary, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. JEFFRIES (for himself, Ms. 
N
ORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. C LAY, Ms. 
LEE, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Ms. B ASS, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-
gia, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. 
ADAMS , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C LEAVER , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. P LASKETT , and Mr. 
RUSH): 
H.R. 3838. A bill to amend title 13, United 
States Code, to provide that individuals in prison shall, for the purposes of a decennial census, be attributed to the last place of res-idence before incarceration; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mrs. NOEM: 
H.R. 3839. A bill to transfer administrative 
jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 3840. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, with respect to prohibiting the use of electronic cigarettes on passenger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27OC7.000 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7254 October 27, 2015 
flights, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD (for herself, 
Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. C LARK  
of Massachusetts, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
RICHMOND , and Ms. B ORDALLO ): 
H.R. 3841. A bill to promote the economic 
security and safety of survivors of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, Ways and Means, and the Judici-ary, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. 
D
ESANTIS , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Geor-
gia, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. R US-
SELL, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. H URDof 
Texas, Mr. A MASH , Mr. T URNER , and 
Mr. M ASSIE ): 
H. Res. 494. A resolution impeaching John 
Andrew Koskinen, Commissioner of the In-ternal Revenue Service, for high crimes and misdemeanors; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-
sylvania: 
H. Res. 496. A resolution recognizing the 
50th anniversary of the Department of Com-puter Science at Carnegie Mellon University; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. GROTHMAN: 
H. Res. 497. A resolution congratulating 
Army Reserve Major Lisa Jaster on her grad-uation from the Army Ranger School; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself and Mrs. D
INGELL ): 
H. Res. 498. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of October 2015 as ‘‘National Breast Cancer Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PIERLUISI (for himself, Ms. 
N
ORTON , and Ms. B ORDALLO ): 
H. Res. 499. A resolution amending the 
Rules of the House of Representatives to allow Delegates and the Resident Commis-sioner to file, sign, and call up discharge pe-titions; to the Committee on Rules. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE: 
H.R. 3834. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: 
H.R. 3835. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. The Congress shall 
have Power. . . to pay debts. . . Article V. The Congress, whenever two 
thirds of both Houses shall deem it nec-essary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution. . . 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: 
H.R. 3836. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Constitutional Authority—Necessary and 
Proper Clause (Art. I, Sec. 8, Clause 18) 
THE U.S. CONSTITUTION ARTICLE I, 
SECTION 8: POWERS OF CONGRESS CLAUSE 18 
The Congress shall have power . . .To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 3837. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Constitution. 
By Mr. JEFFRIES: 
H.R. 3838. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mrs. NOEM: 
H.R. 3839. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2, relating to 
the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 3840. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution. 
By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: 
H.R. 3841. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 67: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 415: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 452: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 540: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 563: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 592: Mr. C ICILLINE , Mrs. D INGELL , and 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 602: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 663: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 740: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 769: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 836: Mr. N UNES and Mr. W OODALL . 
H.R. 845: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 870: Ms. B ASS. 
H.R. 953: Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. J EFFRIES , 
and Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 1027: Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 1145: Mr. G UINTA and Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee, and Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 1209: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
LUCAS , and Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 1221: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . 
H.R. 1247: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 1258: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Mr. 
HANNA . H.R. 1288: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1309: Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 1312: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 1343: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD and Mr. 
CULBERSON . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1439: Mr. J EFFRIES and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1441: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 1453: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 1550: Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. K APTUR , and Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD . 
H.R. 1604: Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 1625: Mr. B EYER and Mr. S WALWELL of 
California. 
H.R. 1671: Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 1728: Ms. K USTER and Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1745: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 1751: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 1763: Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. F UDGE , and 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1779: Ms. B ASS. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. R OTHFUS , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-
nois, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , 
Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-
fornia, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. C LYBURN . 
H.R. 1853: Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas, Ms. M ENG, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. J ONES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. L AMALFA , and Mrs. 
WAGNER . 
H.R. 1984: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. 
H.R. 2065: Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. S TEFANIK , 
and Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 2224: Mr. N OLAN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and 
Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2355: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. D ENTand Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 2643: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 2646: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa, and Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 2692: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 2710: Mr. M ESSER and Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 2759: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 2764: Mr. C ICILLINE and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 2798: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2813: Mr. C ONYERS and Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 2880: Mr. P OLLS. 
H.R. 2894: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 2902: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. H ECK 
of Washington, Mr. K EATING , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. R YANof 
Ohio, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. E NGEL , 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. S PIER, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. 
SARBANES , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. F ARR, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. 
KUSTER , and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. 
H.R. 2939: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Mr. 
DEUTCH . 
H.R. 3032: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 3046: Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 3055: Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 3067: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3071: Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 3110: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 3119: Mr. R OSSand Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27OC7.100 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7255 October 27, 2015 
H.R. 3126: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. 
H.R. 3159: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 3238: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 3250: Mr. B URGESS and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 3257: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 3279: Mr. P OEof Texas and Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 3309: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 3312: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 3314: Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. L AB-
RADOR , and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 3323: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 3339: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 3351: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C OHEN , and Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 3355: Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 3364: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 3381: Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , and Mr. C ARSON of Indi-
ana. 
H.R. 3406: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 3411: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 3427: Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. T AKANO , 
and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 3459: Mr. H ANNA , Mrs. B LACK , and Mrs. 
ROBY. 
H.R. 3471: Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 3488: Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 3520: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 3532: Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 3546: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Ms. 
CASTOR of Florida, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. P INGREE , 
and Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 3582: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 3680: Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 3686: Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 3687: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. W OODALL , and Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 3696: Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. 
KUSTER , and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 3700: Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 3706: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 3727: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3743: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 3745: Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 3776: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina. 
H.R. 3780: Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 3785: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. H OYER , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 3793: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. S WALWELL of 
California. 
H.R. 3799: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. 
BUCK. H.R. 3801: Mr. B EYER and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3802: Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 3807: Mr. E LLISON , Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Mr. B RADY of Texas, and Mr. 
CONNOLLY . 
H.R. 3818: Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 3830: Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F ARR, Mr. H INO-
JOSA, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
CROWLEY , Mr. H ONDA , and Ms. C LARKE of New 
York. 
H.R. 3831: Ms. S INEMA . 
H. J. Res. 14: Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. M ASSIE . 
H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. B ECERRA and Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN . 
H. Con. Res. 65: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H. Res. 14: Mr. R OHRABACHER . 
H. Res. 112: Mr. D ESJARLAIS . 
H. Res. 354: Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. 
H. Res. 396: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H. Res. 416: Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
H. Res. 428: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H. Res. 432: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H. Res. 451: Mr. J OYCE , Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
and Mr. O LSON . 
H. Res. 485: Mr. K LINE and Mr. H UDSON . 
H. Res. 492: Mr. C OSTA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC7.033 H27OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7497 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 27, 2015 No. 158 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Sovereign Lord, we have heard of 
Your greatness from generation to gen-eration. You sit enthroned in majesty, for Your glory covers all the Earth. 
Today, bless and sustain our law-
makers and their staffs. May their words and deeds honor You. Lord, guide them in righteous paths that will keep America strong. Equip them to conduct the work of freedom with justice and humility. Give them contentment that comes from knowing and serving You. 
Guide America, making it a light-
house for a dark and turbulent world. Lord, thank You for being our strength and shield. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
FISCAL AGREEMENT AND CYBER-
SECURITY INFORMATION SHAR-ING BILL 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as 
colleagues have no doubt already noted, a fiscal agreement has been filed that addresses a number of important issues. Members currently have the op-portunity to review it. I hope they will 
take that opportunity. I will certainly have more to say on the matter later. But for now, I encourage all our col-leagues to examine the agreement. 
On the legislation before the Senate 
today, the challenges posed by cyber attacks are real and they are growing. They don’t just threaten governments and businesses; they threaten individ-uals as well. Everyone understands that a cyber attack can be a deeply invasive attack on personal privacy. Everyone understands that a cyber at-tack can be financially crippling. That is why everyone should want to see the bipartisan cyber security bill before us pass today. 
Its voluntary information sharing 
provisions are key to defeating cyber attacks and protecting the personal in-formation of the people we represent. We also know the bill contains meas-ures to protect civil liberties and indi-vidual privacy. 
It is no wonder the Senate voted to 
advance it by a large bipartisan vote of 83 to 14 last week. I want to thank Chairman B
URR and Vice Chairman 
FEINSTEIN of the Intelligence Com-
mittee for their continued hard work on this legislation. We will consider a number of amendments from both sides of the aisle today. Then we will proceed to a final vote on the underlying bill. I urge every colleague to join me in vot-ing to protect the personal data, pri-vacy, and property of the American people. 
f 
ENERGY REGULATIONS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
one final matter, the Obama adminis-tration recently published massive en-ergy regulations that will not do a thing to meaningfully affect global carbon levels. It will not make a no-ticeable difference to the global envi-ronment. But it will ship more middle- class jobs overseas. It will punish the poor. It will make it even harder for coal families in States such as Ken-
tucky to put food on the table. In other words, it is facts-optional extremism wrapped in callous indifference. Sen-ators from both parties are saying: Enough is enough. 
We filed bipartisan measures that 
would allow Congress to overturn these two-pronged regressive regulations. I joined Senator H
EITKAMP and Senator 
CAPITO on a measure that would ad-
dress the prong that pertains to the ex-isting energy sources. Senator M
ANCHIN joined me as I introduced a 
measure that would address the prong that pertains to new energy sources. Together these measures represent a comprehensive solution. Colleagues will join me to speak about these reso-lutions later today. I am sure they will say more about the measures we filed and the process associated with them. 
But what everyone should know is 
this: The publication of these regula-tions does not represent an end but a beginning. It is the beginning of a new front to defend hard-working middle- class Americans from massive, massive regulations that target them. That front is opening here in Congress, and it is opening across the country as States file lawsuits and Governors stand up for their own middle-class constituents. The battle may not be short, and the battle may not be easy, but Kentuckians and hard-working Americans should know that I am going to keep standing up for them throughout this effort. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
BUDGET AGREEMENT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, Democrats 
have long called for bipartisan action to stop these devastating sequester cuts because they hurt our middle class 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.000 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7498 October 27, 2015 
and our military. With this agreement 
the Republican leader just mentioned, we have done just that. Democrats and Republicans have come to a responsible agreement that puts the needs of our Nation above the Republicans’ partisan agenda. While this agreement is not perfect, it does address both invest-ment in domestic priorities that ben-efit the middle class and defense spend-ing. It helps us avoid a major threat to jobs and the general economy. The time to do away with the devastating sequester cuts that are harming our middle class and military is not in the future. It is right now. Democrats hope to end sequestration for the good of our great country. 
Our work is not done. I hope that we 
can continue to work together—Demo-crats and Republicans—to pass this legislation and place the priorities of the American people ahead of partisan politics. 
f 
CYBER SECURITY LEGISLATION 
AND CLIMATE CHANGE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, it was 3 
years ago this month that then-Sec-retary of Defense Leon Panetta warned the United States of a potential ‘‘cyber Pearl Harbor.’’ A cyber Pearl Harbor would be crippling, and it would be a cyber attack on our Nation’s banks, power grid, government, and commu-nications network. 
If it sounds scary, that is because it 
is scary. Cyber terrorists could poten-tially bring the United States to its knees. This potentiality is upon us. A catastrophic cyber attack is not far-fetched. Ted Koppel, the renowned journalist, has written another book, and the author reveals that our Na-tion’s power grid is extremely vulner-able to cyber terrorism. Imagine the toll of these attacks: massive power blackouts, no telephone, no Internet capability—that is on your cell phones or whatever phones exist—over-whelmed first responders and an infra-structure system reduced to chaos. 
How vulnerable is our Nation to a 
cyber attack of this magnitude? 
Former Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity Janet Napolitano, in the book that was written, as I indicated, by Ted Koppel, stated that the likelihood of an attack on our Nation’s power grid is 80 to 90 percent—80 percent to 90 percent. 
Craig Fugate, the Administrator of 
the Federal Emergency Management Agency, has had to think about a po-tential cyber attack. It is his job. Lis-ten to his assessment: 
We’re not a country that can go without 
power for a long period of time without loss of life. Our systems, from water treatment to hospitals to traffic control to all these things that we expect every day, our ability to operate without electricity is minimal. 
A number of years ago we had, at the 
direction of Senator M IKULSKI —a long- 
time member of the Intelligence Com-mittee—a meeting where such an at-tack was discussed and the implica-tions of it. That was years ago. It was frightening then, and it is even more 
frightening now. But as Mr. Fugate in-dicated, that is the scale of threat the United States faces with cyber ter-rorism. 
We as a country must do more to pro-
tect ourselves against this cyber ter-rorism. It can be done if Republicans will work with us. Democrats tried to pass comprehensive cyber security leg-islation years ago. What happened? It was filibustered by the Republicans. They wouldn’t even let us on this legis-lation. They wouldn’t even allow us to debate the bill. Whatever their rea-soning, I am glad the Republicans have finally changed course in this decision and allowed this simple bill to move forward. We support this legislative ef-fort, but we recognize that it is far, far too weak. 
Cyber terrorism and cyber attacks 
are part of today’s world. But Repub-licans are denying the seriousness of this, as they are denying something clear to everyone in the world except my Republican Senate and House Mem-bers. We have climate change taking place that is really hurting everybody, with rare, rare exception. Cyber ter-rorism and cyber attacks are part of today’s world, just like climate change. To not move forward with more com-prehensive cyber security legislation and to ignore what is happening in our world dealing with climate change will in the years to come be considered leg-islative malpractice. I am sorry to say that legislative malpractice is not on our shoulders. We wanted for years to do something with climate change. We can’t. It is not even something that the Republicans will allow us to discuss. We wanted for years to do something with cyber security. They refused to do so. We have a bill before us that is bet-ter than nothing, and we support it. But it is far, far too weak. 
Mr. President, I see the assistant 
Democratic leader on the floor. Would the Chair announce before he talks to us what we are going to do here today. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 754, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 754) to improve cybersecurity in 
the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Burr/Feinstein amendment No. 2716, in the 
nature of a substitute. 
Burr (for Cotton) modified amendment No. 
2581 (to amendment No. 2716), to exempt from the capability and process within the Department of Homeland Security commu-
nication between a private entity and the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the United States Secret Service regarding cy-bersecurity threats. 
Feinstein (for Coons) modified amendment 
No. 2552 (to amendment No. 2716), to modify section 5 to require DHS to review all cyber threat indicators and countermeasures in order to remove certain personal informa-tion. 
Burr (for Flake/Franken) amendment No. 
2582 (to amendment No. 2716), to terminate the provisions of the Act after ten years. 
Feinstein (for Franken) further modified 
amendment No. 2612 (to amendment No. 2716), to improve the definitions of cyberse-curity threat and cyber threat indicator. 
Burr (for Heller) modified amendment No. 
2548 (to amendment No. 2716), to protect in-formation that is reasonably believed to be personal information or information that identifies a specific person. 
Feinstein (for Leahy) modified amendment 
No. 2587 (to amendment No. 2716), to strike the FOIA exemption. 
Feinstein (for Mikulski/Cardin) amend-
ment No. 2557 (to amendment No. 2716), to provide amounts necessary for accelerated cybersecurity in response to data breaches. 
Feinstein (for Whitehouse/Graham) modi-
fied amendment No. 2626 (to amendment No. 2716), to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect Americans from cybercrime. 
Feinstein (for Wyden) modified amendment 
No. 2621 (to amendment No. 2716), to improve the requirements relating to removal of per-sonal information from cyber threat indica-tors before sharing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 11 a.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. 
The assistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the de-
bate which we will engage in today on the floor of the Senate is really one that parallels the historic debates that have occurred in the course of our Na-tion’s history. When a great democracy sets out to defend its citizens and to engage in security, it really is with a challenge: Can we keep our Nation safe and still protect our rights and lib-erties? That question has been raised, and that challenge has been raised time and again. 
It was President Abraham Lincoln 
during the Civil War who suspended the right of habeas corpus. It was chal-lenged by some as an overextension by the executive branch, but President Lincoln thought it was necessary to re-solve the Civil War in favor of the Union. In World War I, the passage of 
the Alien and Sedition Acts raised questions about the loyalty of Ameri-cans who question many of the great issues that were being raised during that war. We certainly all remember what happened during World War II when, even under President Franklin Roosevelt, thousands of Japanese Americans were interned because of our concerns about safety and security in the United States. It continued in the Cold War with the McCarthy hear-ings and accusations that certain mem-bers of the State Department and other officials were, in fact, Communist sym-pathizers. That history goes on and on. 
So whenever we engage in a question 
of the security and safety for our Na-tion, we are always going to be faced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.001 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7499 October 27, 2015 
with that challenge. Are we going too 
far? Are we giving too much authority to the government? Are we sacrificing our individual rights and liberty and privacy far more than we should to keep this Nation safe? That, in fact, is the debate we have today on the most sophisticated new form of warfare— cyber war. 
Cyber security is an enormous con-
cern not just for private companies but for every American. Data breaches hap-pen almost every day. We read not that long ago that 21 million current and former Federal employees had their records breached and stolen from the Office of Personnel Management. Just this month more than 700,000 T-Mobile users in my home State may have had their information compromised by hackers. It seems there isn’t a month that goes by where we don’t hear of an-other security breach. That is why we need to take steps to improve data se-curity and share cyber threat informa-tion. 
Chairman B
URRand Ranking Member 
FEINSTEIN worked long and hard to put 
together a bill to encourage private and governmental entities to share po-tential threat information. This bill has evolved over 5 years. No one has worked harder during that period of time than my colleague, Senator F
EIN-
STEIN of California. Senator B URR is 
now joining her in this effort. 
Many are skeptical about the bill be-
fore us. Some have raised those con-cerns on the floor. But we look at the major companies that are opposing this bill as currently written—Apple, IBM, Microsoft, Google, Facebook, and Ama-zon—just a few of the major companies that have said they can’t support the bill that is on the floor today. They note that the bill does not require com-panies or the Federal Government to protect private information, including personal emails, email addresses, and more. In fact, this bill preempts all laws that would prevent a company or agency from sharing personal informa-tion. 
I am encouraged that the managers 
of this bill have moved in the direction of addressing this concern. They have limited the authorization to share cyber threat information to ‘‘cyber se-curity purposes’’—a valuable step to-ward making sure the bill is not used as surveillance. They have included a provision requiring government proce-dures to notify Americans if their in-formation is shared mistakenly by the government. They have clarified that the authorization to employ defensive measures—or defensive ‘‘hacking’’— does not allow an entity to gain unau-thorized access to another’s computer network. 
There will be some amendments be-
fore us today that I will support which I think strengthen the privacy protec-tions that should be included in this bill. 
I am a cosponsor of the Franken 
amendment to improve the definitions of ‘‘cyber security threat’’ and other cyber threat indicators. Narrowing this 
definition from information that ‘‘may’’ be a threat to information that is ‘‘reasonably likely’’ to pose a threat would reduce the amount of potentially personal information shared under the bill. 
I also urge my colleagues to support 
the Wyden amendment to strengthen the requirement that private compa-nies remove sensitive personal infor-mation before sharing cyber threat in-dicators. Again, this amendment would limit the amount of potentially per-sonal information shared under the bill. 
I support the Coons amendment to 
give the Department of Homeland Se-curity time to remove or scrub per-sonal information from the informa-tion it shares with other Federal agen-cies. There is simply no need for per-sonal information unrelated to a threat to be shared with law enforcement agencies such as the Department of Justice and NSA. 
These amendments would strengthen 
privacy protections in the bill much more than the original managers’ package. I look forward to working with Senators B
URRand F EINSTEIN and 
others to ensure that the final bill ad-dresses our cyber security concerns while still protecting privacy—some-thing I know we all want to do. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the time be charged equally on both sides. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, shortly we 
will once again begin the process on the cyber security bill. We will start votes hopefully right at 11 o’clock. We will try to work through five amend-ments this morning and return this afternoon with a short period of de-bate, and once again, at 4 o’clock, we will take up five additional votes—or possibly four—and be at the point where we could conclude this legisla-tion. 
Let me say to my colleagues that the 
Senate has tried for several years now to bring cyber security legislation to 
the Senate floor and find the will to pass it. With the work of the vice chairman, I think we have been able to succeed in that. We enjoyed a 14-to-1 vote out of the committee, showing tremendous bipartisan support. Thou-sands of businesses and almost 100 or-ganizations around the country are 
supportive of the bill. But, more impor-tantly, in the last several days the bill has gained the support of the Wall Street Journal and the Washington Post—not necessarily publications that chime in on the need for certain pieces of legislation from the Senate floor, but in this particular case, two publi-cations understand the importance of cyber security legislation getting signed into law. 
This is the first step, and confer-
encing with the House will come short-ly after. I am proud to say that we al-ready have legislation the White House says they support. So I think we are in the final stretches of actually getting legislation into law that would volun-tarily allow companies to partner with the Federal Government when their systems have been breached, when per-sonal data is at risk. 
I still say today to those folks both 
in this institution and outside of this institution who are concerned with pri-vacy that I think the vice chairman and I have bent over backward to ac-commodate concerns. Some concerns still exist. We don’t believe they are necessarily accurate and that only by utilizing this system will, in fact, we understand whether we have been defi-cient anywhere. 
There are also several companies 
that are not supportive of this bill, as is their right. I will say this: From the beginning, we committed to make this bill voluntary, meaning that any com-pany in America, if its systems are breached, could choose voluntarily to create the partnership with the Federal Government. Nobody is mandated to do it. So I speak specifically to those com-panies right now: You might not like the legislation, but for goodness’ sakes, do not deprive every other business in America from having the opportunity to have this partnership. Do not de-prive the other companies in this coun-try from trying to minimize the amount of personal data that is lost be-cause there has been a cyber attack. Do not try to stop this legislation and put us in a situation where we ignore the fact that cyber attacks are going to happen with greater frequency from more individuals and that the sooner we learn how to defend our systems, the better off personal data will be in the United States of America. 
This is a huge deal. The vice chair-
man and I from day one have said to our Members that we will entertain any good ideas that we think strength-en the bill. On both sides of the aisle, we have said to Members that if this breaks the agreement that we have for the support we need, because they don’t believe the policy is right, then 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.006 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7500 October 27, 2015 
we will lock arms and we will vote 
against amendments. 
We have about eight amendments 
today. On a majority of those, we will do that. I am proud to tell my col-leagues that during the overnight and this morning—we will announce today that we have taken care of the Flake amendment with a modification. We are changing the sunset on the legisla-tion to 10 years, and we will accept the Flake amendment on a voice vote later this morning. We continue even over these last hours to try to modify legis-lation that can be agreed to on both sides of the aisle but, more impor-tantly, without changing the delicate balance we have tried to legislate into this legislation. 
I am sure Members will come down 
over the next 35 minutes, but at this time I will yield the floor so the vice chairman can seek time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Thank you, Mr. 
President. 
I wish to begin by thanking the 
chairman for his work on the bill. 
For me, this has been a 6-year effort. 
It hasn’t been easy. It hasn’t been easy because we have tried to strike a bal-ance and make the bill understandable so that there would be a cooperative ef-fort to share between companies and the government. 
Last Thursday the Senate showed its 
support for moving forward with two strong votes. We had a vote of 83 to 14 to invoke cloture on the substitute amendment, showing that there is, in fact, deep bipartisan support for mov-ing significant legislation to the Presi-dent’s desk. 
To that end, I ask unanimous consent 
that editorials from the two major U.S. newspapers be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, Oct. 22, 2015] 
THESENATE SHOULD TAKE A CRUCIAL FIRST 
STEP ON CYBERSECURITY  
(By Editorial Board) 
After years of failure to find a consensus 
on cybersecurity, the Senate is expected to vote early next week on a bill that would en-able the government and the private sector to share information about malicious threats and respond to them more quickly. The leg-islation is not going to completely end the tidal wave of cyberattacks against the gov-ernment and corporations, but passing it is better than doing nothing—and that is where Congress has left the matter in recent years. 
The legislation, approved by the Senate 
Select Committee on Intelligence on a bipar-tisan 14–to-1 vote in March, is intended to iron out legal and procedural hurdles to sharing information on cyberthreats between companies and the government. Private-sec-tor networks have been extremely vulner-able, while the government possesses sophis-ticated tools that might be valuable in de-fending those networks. If threats are shared in real time, they could be blunted. The leg-islation is not a magic wand. Hackers inno-vate destructive and intrusive attacks even faster than they can be detected. The infor-mation sharing would be voluntary. But the bill is at least a first step for Congress after 
several years of inconclusive debate over how to respond to attacks that have infil-trated networks ranging from those of Home Depot to the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
The biggest complaint about the bill is 
from privacy advocates, including Sen. Ron Wyden (D–Ore.), who cast the sole dissenting vote on the intelligence committee. His con-cerns have been amplified recently by sev-eral tech giants. Apple told The Post this week that it opposes the legislation because of privacy concerns. In a statement, the company said, ‘‘The trust of our customers means everything to us and we don’t believe security should come at the expense of their privacy.’’ Some other large technology firms are also opposing the bill through a trade as-sociation. Separately, alarmist claims have been made by privacy advocates who de-scribe it as a ‘‘surveillance’’ bill. 
The notion that there is a binary choice 
between privacy and security is false. We need both privacy protection and cybersecu-rity, and the Senate legislation is one step toward breaking the logjam on security. Sponsors have added privacy protections that would scrub out personal information before it is shared. They have made the legis-lation voluntary, so if companies are really concerned, they can stay away. Abroad coali-
tion of business groups, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, has backed the legis-lation, saying that cybertheft and disruption are ‘‘advancing in scope and complexity.’’ 
The status quo is intolerable: Adversaries 
of the United States are invading computer networks and hauling away sensitive infor-mation and intellectual property by the gigabyte. A much stronger response is called for in all directions, both to defend U.S. net-works and to punish those, such as China, doing the stealing and spying. This legisla-tion is a needed defensive step from a Con-gress that has so far not acted on a vital na-tional concern. 
[From the Wall Street Journal, Oct. 26, 2015] 
A CYBER DEFENSE BILL, ATLAST 
DATA SHARING CAN IMPROVE SECURITY AND  
CONSUMER PRIVACY  
By now everyone knows the threat from 
cyber attacks on American individuals and business, and Congress finally seems poised to do something about it. As early as Tues-day the Senate may vote on a bill that would let businesses and the government cooperate to shore up U.S. cyber defenses. 
This should have been done long ago, but 
Democrats blocked a bipartisan bill while they controlled the Senate and President Obama insisted on imposing costly new cyber-security mandates on business. The GOP Senate takeover in 2014 has broken the logjam, helped by high-profile attacks against the likes of Sony, Home Depot, Ash-ley Madison and the federal Office of Per-sonnel Management. 
Special thanks to WikiLeaks, the anti- 
American operation that last week an-nounced that its latest public offering would be information hacked from the private email account of CIA chief John Brennan. We assume Mr. Brennan’s government email is better protected, but then this is the same government that let Hillary Clinton send top-secret communications on her private email server. 
Democrats have decided it’s now bad poli-
tics to keep resisting a compromise, and last week the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act co-sponsored by North Carolina Repub-lican Richard Burr and California Democrat Dianne Feinstein passed the filibuster hur-dle. A similar bill passed the House in April 307–106. 
The idea behind the legislation is simple: 
Let private businesses share information with each other, and with the government, 
to better fight an escalating and constantly evolving cyber threat. This shared data might be the footprint of hackers that the government has seen but private companies haven’t. Or it might include more advanced technology that private companies have de-veloped as a defense. 
Since hackers can strike fast, real-time co-
operation is essential. A crucial provision would shield companies from private law-suits and antitrust laws if they seek help or cooperate with one another. Democrats had long resisted this legal safe harbor at the be-hest of plaintiffs lawyers who view corporate victims of cyber attack as another source of plunder. 
The plaintiffs bar aside, the bill’s main op-
ponents now are big tech companies that are still traumatized by the fallout from the Ed-ward Snowden data theft. Apple, Dropbox and Twitter, among others, say the bill doesn’t do enough to protect individual pri-vacy and might even allow government snooping. 
Everyone knows government makes mis-
takes, but the far larger threat to privacy is from criminal or foreign-government hack-ers who aren’t burdened by U.S. due-process protections. Cooperation is voluntary, and the bill includes penalties if government misuses the information. Before either side can share data, personal information that might jeopardize customer privacy must be scrubbed. 
The tech giants are the outliers in this de-
bate, while nearly all of the rest of American business supports the bill. The White House has said Mr. Obama will sign the legislation, which would make it a rare example of bipar-tisan cooperation. The security-privacy de-bate is often portrayed as a zero-sum trade- off, but this bill looks like a win for both: Helping companies better protect their data from cyber thieves will enhance American privacy. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. The first is from 
the Washington Post dated October 22, entitled ‘‘The Senate should take a crucial first step on cybersecurity.’’ The second is in today’s Wall Street Journal, and it is entitled ‘‘A Cyber Defense Bill, At Last: Data sharing can improve security and consumer pri-vacy.’’ 
I also note the endorsement from 
Secretary Jeh Johnson on October 22. 
I have been privileged to work with 
our chairman. We have really tried to produce a balanced bill. We have tried to make it understandable to private industry so that companies understand it and are willing to cooperate. This bill will allow companies and the gov-ernment to voluntarily share informa-tion about cyber threats and the defen-sive measures they might be able to implement to protect their networks. 
Right now, the same cyber intrusions 
are used again and again to penetrate different targets. That shouldn’t hap-pen. If someone sees a particular virus or harmful cyber signature, they should tell others so they can protect themselves. 
That is what this bill does. It clears 
away the uncertainty and the concerns that keep companies from sharing this information. It provides that two com-petitors in a market can share infor-mation on cyber threats with each other without facing anti-trust suits. It provides that companies sharing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.007 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7501 October 27, 2015 
cyber threat information with the gov-
ernment for cyber security purposes will have liability protection. 
As I have said many times, the bill is 
completely voluntary. If a company doesn’t want to share information, it does not have to. 
Today, we will vote on up to seven 
amendments. As late as this morning, Senator B
URRand I have been working 
to see if we can reach agreement to ac-cept or voice vote some of them, and I hope these discussions will be success-ful. However, I remain in agreement with Chairman B
URR that we will op-
pose any amendments that undo the careful compromises we have made on this bill. Over the past 10 months, we have tried to thread a needle in fact to draft a bill that as I said gives the pri-vate sector the insurances it needs to share more information while includ-ing privacy protections to make sure Americans’ information is not com-promised. 
I see on the floor the ranking mem-
ber of the Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs Committee, the dis-tinguished Senator from Delaware, and I thank Senator C
ARPER for all he has 
done to help us and also to make what I consider a major amendment on this bill, which as you know has been ac-cepted. 
Several of today’s amendments would 
undo this balance. Senators W
YDEN , 
HELLER , and F RANKEN have amend-
ments that would lead to less informa-tion sharing. Each of them would re-place clear requirements that are now in the bill on what a company or a gov-ernment must do prior to sharing in-formation with a new subjective stand-ard that would insert the concern of legal liability. 
I would offer to work with these Sen-
ators and others as the bill moves for-ward and hopefully goes into con-ference to see if there is a way to achieve their goals without interfering with the bill’s goal of increasing infor-mation sharing. 
Senator L
EAHY ’s amendment would 
similarly decrease the amount of shar-ing by opening up the chances of public disclosure through the Freedom of In-formation Act of cyber threats shared under this bill. While the bill seeks to share information about the nature of cyber threats and suggestions on how to defend networks, this information should not be made widely available to hackers and cyber criminals who could use it for their own purposes. 
Senator B
URR and I worked closely 
with Senators L EAHY and C ORNYN in 
putting together the managers’ pack-age to remove a FOIA exemption that they viewed as unnecessary and harm-ful. I am pleased we were able to reach that agreement. However, the FOIA ex-emption that remains in the bill is needed to encourage companies to share this information, and I would op-pose this amendment. 
The President has an amendment on 
the other side of the spectrum which I will also strongly oppose. This amend-ment would basically undo one of the 
core concepts of this bill. Instead of re-quiring cyber information to go through a single portal at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, it would allow companies to share cyber infor-mation directly with the FBI or the Se-cret Service and still provide full li-ability protection. 
This change runs afoul of one of the 
most important privacy protections in the bill, which was to limit direct shar-ing of this cyber information with the intelligence community or with law enforcement. In other words, every-thing will go through the portal first, where it will receive an additional scrub to remove any residual personal information and then go to the respec-tive departments. In this way the pri-vacy is kept by not being able to mis-use the authority to provide unrelated information directly to departments. 
If there is a crime, companies should 
be able to share information with law enforcement—I agree with that—but that is not what this bill is about. This bill is about sharing cyber information on threats so there can be greater awareness and better defenses. 
When there is a cyber crime and law 
enforcement is called in, we are talk-ing about very different information. When the FBI investigates, it takes en-tire databases and servers. It looks at everything—far beyond the cyber infor-mation that could be lawfully shared in this act. So sharing with the FBI out-side of the DHS portal may be appro-priate in certain cases but not as a par-allel option for cyber threat informa-tion. 
In fact, our bill already makes clear 
in section 105(c)(E) that it ‘‘does not limit or prohibit otherwise lawful dis-closures of communications, records, or other information, including report-ing of known or suspected criminal ac-tivity.’’ I would just refer to this chart which quotes section 105(c). It says ex-actly that. 
This amendment would undo the key 
structure of this bill—the central por-tal for sharing information located at the Department of Homeland Secu-rity—and decrease the ability of the government to effectively manage all the cyber information it receives. So I will oppose this amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
I very much appreciate that the Sen-
ate will complete its consideration of this bill today. We still have a long way to go. We have to conference the House bill with our bill. I want to make this offer, and I know I think I speak for the chairman as well, that we are happy to work with any Member as we go into conference, but I hope we can complete these last few votes with-out upsetting the careful negotiations and compromise we have been able to reach. 
Again, I thank the Chair. I yield back the remainder of my 
time, and I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Let me start off by 
saying to Senator F
EINSTEIN , 6 years 
ago, you, along with Senators S USAN  
COLLINS , Joe Lieberman, Jay Rocke-
feller, and others started leading the effort to put in place comprehensive cyber security legislation and offered the first comprehensive bill dealing with information sharing. We had a vote in late 2012. It came up short, and we started all over again in the last Congress. You have shown great leader-ship right from the start. I thank you and I thank Senator B
URR, the chair of 
the committee. I thank you for cooper-ating with us and with others to make sure that we have not just a good bill but a very good bill that addresses ef-fectively the greatest challenges we face in our country. 
I have heard Senator F
EINSTEIN say 
this time and again, and I will say it again today: If companies don’t want to share information with the Federal Government, they don’t have to. It is elective. In some cases they can form their own groups called ISOCs that will share information with one another. They don’t have to share information on attacks with the Federal Govern-ment. They can share it with other peers if they wish to, but if they do share it with the Federal Government, with a couple of narrow exceptions, we ask that it be shared with the Depart-ment of Homeland Security because the Department of Homeland Security is set up in large part to provide a pri-vacy scrub. 
Next month the DHS will have the 
ability, when these threat indicators come through that are reported by other businesses across the country, in real time to be able to scrub that infor-mation through the portal and remove from it personally identifiable informa-tion that should not be shared with other Federal agencies, and just like that, bingo, we are off to the races. It is a smart compromise that I am pleased and grateful to have worked out with Senators B
URRand F EINSTEIN  
and their staff. I thank both their staff and ours as well. 
The other piece is the legislation we 
literally took out of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs that has been pending. I think the entire title 2 of the managers’ amendment is the legislation that Sen-ator J
OHNSON and I have worked on. We 
are grateful for that. 
One piece of it is something called 
EINSTEIN 1, 2, and 3—not to be con-fused with the renowned scientist, Al-bert Einstein. But we have something called EINSTEIN 1, EINSTEIN 2, and EINSTEIN 3. What do they mean? What this legislation does is it means we are going to use these tools—we are going to continue to update and mod-ernize these tools—to, No. 1, record in-trusions; No. 2, to be able to detect the bad stuff coming through into the Fed-eral Government; and No. 3, block it. 
We are going to make sure it is not 
just something that is positive work on a piece of paper but that 100 percent of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.008 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7502 October 27, 2015 
the Federal agencies are able to use 
these new tools. Senator J OHNSON and I 
worked on legislation included in this package that uses encryption tools and doubles the number of processes we have available to better protect our in-formation. 
Finally, I would mention that Sen-
ator C
OLLINS , the former chair of the 
Homeland Security Committee—she and a number of our colleagues, includ-ing Senator M
IKULSKI , Senator M CCAS-
KILL, and others, have worked on legis-
lation that we added to and all of that was reported out of the committee. All of this together is a very robust de-fender of our dot-gov domain and could be used to help those outside the Fed-eral Government as well. 
Going back to the last Congress, Tom 
Coburn and I worked together to do three things to strengthen the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to let it do its job. Growing up, I remember seeing cartoon ads in a magazine about some guy at the beach kicking sand on a smaller guy. The smaller guy in this case would have been the Department of Homeland Security, with respect to their ability to provide robust defense against cyber attacks. If I can use that cartoon as an analogy, in the past, the Department of Homeland Security was the 98-pound weakling, and it is no weakling anymore. Legislation that Dr. Coburn and I offered, passed in the Congress, to, No. 1, say the cyber ops center in the Department of Homeland Security is real. We are standing it up. We are making it real and robust. 
The Federal Information Security 
Management Act for years was a paper-work exercise and was a once-a-year check to make sure our cyber defenses were secure. We are transforming that into a 24/7, robust, around-the-clock op-eration by modifying legislation and improving legislation called FISMA. We also in that legislation make clear what OMB’s job is and we make clear what the job of the Department of Homeland Security is. 
Finally, for years the Department of 
Homeland Security hired and trained cyber warriors, and just as they were getting really good, they were hired away because we couldn’t retain them. We couldn’t pay them or provide reten-tion bonuses or hiring bonuses. We need to make sure we have some of the best cyber warriors in the world work-ing at the Department of Homeland Se-curity. Now DHS has that authority, and we will be able to hire these peo-ple. 
Putting all this together, folks, what 
we have done is move the needle. With passage of this legislation we will move the needle and we need to do that. 
There will be discussion later on of 
amendments. There are a couple of them that for this Senator are espe-cially troubling. Senator F
EINSTEIN has 
mentioned a couple of them, and I sus-pect Senator B
URRhas mentioned them 
as well. We will look at them as we go through, but a couple of them set this legislation back and I will very strong-ly oppose them. Having said that, regarding the old 
saying—I am tired of hearing it and I am tired of saying it, but ‘‘don’t let the perfect be the enemy of the good.’’ This isn’t just good legislation, this is very good legislation, and it has gotten bet-ter every step of the way because of the willingness of the ranking member and the chairman of the Intel Committee to collaborate. The three C’s at work are communicating, compromising, and collaborating. We should work out these amendments today and pass this bill. 
I thank the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2548, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, this 
Senator, like everyone else in this Chamber, realizes the need to address the threat of cyber attacks. The im-pact of these attacks is a matter of in-dividual financial security as well as America’s national security, and I con-tend that these efforts must not inter-fere with Americans’ privacy. In doing so, the cure, which is this piece of leg-islation, is worse than the problem. 
I have said it before and I will con-
tinue saying it, privacy for Nevadans is nonnegotiable. Nevadans elected me in part to uphold their civil rights and their liberties, and that is what I am on the floor doing today. That is why I fought for passage of the USA FREE-DOM Act. That is why I offered my amendment being considered on this floor this given day. Hundreds of Ne-vadans have reached out to my office expressing concerns about the Cyberse-curity Information Sharing Act, saying it did not do enough to safeguard their personal information. 
Also tech companies, including 
Google, Apple, Microsoft, Oracle, and BSA Software Alliance, all expressed the same concerns about privacy under this piece of legislation. It is our re-sponsibility in Congress to listen to these concerns and address them before allowing this piece of legislation to be-come law. I recognize the chairman of the intelligence committee does not support my amendment and has been encouraging our colleagues to oppose it. 
With respect, however, I believe my 
amendment is a commonsense, middle- ground amendment. It ensures that we strike an appropriate balance that guarantees privacy, but also allows for real-time sharing of cyber threat indi-cators. My amendment would simply require the Federal Government, before sharing any cyber threat indicators, to strip out any personally identifiable in-formation that they reasonably believe is not directly related to a cyber secu-rity threat. 
This standard creates a wide protec-
tion for American’s personal informa-tion. Furthermore, it also improves the operational capabilities of this cyber sharing program. DHS has stated that removing more personally identifiable information before sharing will help the private sector meaningfully digest that information as they work to com-
bat cyber threats. 
Again, I respect what Chairman B
URR 
and Ranking Member F EINSTEIN are 
trying to do here, which is why I have carefully crafted this amendment to meet the needs of both sides—those fighting for privacy and those fighting for our national security. I would like to take a moment to address the con-cerns expressed by the chairman, who has argued that this amendment is a poison pill for this piece of legislation. I want to be clear: This amendment is not creating legal uncertainty that would delay the sharing of cyber threat indicators. In fact, the term ‘‘reason-ably believes’’ is used as the standard for the private sector in the House- passed cyber bill. Let me repeat that. This phrase, ‘‘reasonably believes,’’ is the standard applied to the private sec-tor in the House-passed bill. Our coun-terparts on the House Intelligence Committee felt that this standard was high enough to protect privacy while also meeting the goal of the bill which is real-time sharing. 
If this standard is good enough for 
the private sector, it should be good enough for the Federal Government. Just 6 months ago, the chamber of commerce released a strong statement of support and praise for the House- passed cyber legislation. Not once did they release statements of concern over using the term ‘‘reasonably be-lieves’’ as it applies to the private sec-tor, the industry which they represent. I ask again: If it is good enough for the private sector, should it not be good enough for the Federal Government? 
Finally, I am proud to have the sup-
port of two of the Senate’s leading pri-vacy advocates, Senators L
EAHY and 
WYDEN , who have been fighting with 
me to make key changes to this bill to maintain Americans’ rights. I strongly urge my colleagues today to vote in support of my simple fix. Let’s keep our oath to the American people and make this bill stronger for privacy rights and civil liberties. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that after Chair-man B
URRhas spoken, I be recognized 
for 2 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I want to 
say to my colleague Senator H ELLER , I 
wish we could accommodate all of the amendments. The fact is that even a word here and there changes the bal-ance of what Senator F
EINSTEIN and I 
have tried to put together. Although on the surface it may not look like a big deal—I understand we have two competing bills that were passed in the House, and one has the language. The fact is, our language for the entirety of the bill does not match the House bill. 
When you change something, we have 
to look at the cause and effect of it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.010 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7503 October 27, 2015 
Here are the realities. This is a vol-
untary bill. I will start backward with some of the things Senator H
ELLER  
said. Technology companies are op-posed to it. They are. I cannot do any-thing about that, but I can plead with them: Why would you deprive thou-sands of businesses that want to have a partnership with the Federal Govern-ment from having it because you have determined for your business, even though you are a large holder of per-sonal data, that you don’t want a part-nership with the Federal Government. 
I would suggest that the first day 
they get penetrated, they may find that partnership is worthy. I cannot change where they are on the legisla-tion. The reality is that for a vol-untary bill, it means there has to be a reason for people to want to partici-pate. Uncertainty is the No. 1 thing that drives that away. We believe the change the Senator proposes provides that degree of uncertainty, and there-fore we would not have information shared either at all or in a timely fash-ion. If it is not shared in a timely fash-ion, then we won’t reach the real-time transfer of data which gives us the basis of minimizing data loss in this bill. 
I think it is easy to look at certain 
pieces of the bill and say: Well, this does not change it that much. But it changes it in a way that would cause either companies to choose not to par-ticipate, or it may change it in a way that delays the notification to the Fed-eral Government. Therefore, we are not able to accomplish what we set out to do in the mission of this bill, which is to minimize the amount of data that is lost not just at that company but across the U.S. economy. 
Again, I urge our colleagues—we will 
move to amendments shortly. We will have an opportunity to debate for 1 minute on each side on those amend-ments. I would urge my colleagues to keep this bill intact. If we change the balance of what we have been able to do, then it changes the effects of how this will be implemented, and, in fact, we may or may not at the end of the day—— 
Mr. HELLER. Will the chairman 
yield time so I can respond to his com-ment? 
Mr. BURR. I will be happy to yield. 
Mr. HELLER. I appreciate every-
thing the Senator is doing. I under-stand the importance of fighting against cyber attacks. I want to make two points—clarify two points that I think are very important. The lan-guage in this bill is the same standard the private sector is held to in the House-passed bill. The chamber had no problem 6 months ago when that bill was passed out of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
So I continue to ask the question: If 
it is good enough—if this language is good enough for the private sector, why is it not good enough for the pub-lic sector, for the Federal Government? The second thing is that I believe my amendment does strike a balance, in-
creasing privacy but still providing that real-time information sharing. I just wanted to make those two points. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate the Senator’s input. I can only say to my colleagues that it is the rec-ommendation of the vice chair and my-self that this not be supported. It does change the balance, it puts uncertainty in the level of participation, and any 
delay from real time would, in fact, mean that we would not have lived up to the mission of this bill, which is to minimize data loss. 
I think, though, that there are simi-
larities between the House and Senate bills. Ours is significantly different, and therefore it has a different impli-cation when you change certain words. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Before he leaves the 
floor, I want to commend my colleague from Nevada. I strongly support his amendment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2621, AS MODIFIED  
Colleagues, the first vote we will 
have at 11 o’clock is on my amendment No. 2621. This amendment is supported by a wide variety of leaders across the political spectrum, progressive voices that have focused on cyber security and privacy as well as conservative or-ganizations. FreedomWorks, for exam-ple, an important conservative organi-zation, announced last night that they will consider the privacy amendment that I will be offering. It will be the first vote, a key vote on their congres-sional scorecard. 
It was the view of FreedomWorks 
that this amendment, the first vote, would add crucial privacy protections to this legislation. The point of the first amendment we will vote on is to strengthen privacy protections by re-quiring that companies make reason-able efforts to remove unrelated per-sonal information about their cus-tomers before providing data to the government. It says that companies should take these efforts to the extent feasible. Let me say that this truly of-fers a great deal of flexibility and dis-cretion to companies. It certainly does not demand perfection, but it does say to these companies that they should actually have to take some real respon-sibility, some affirmative step. 
We will have a chance, I guess for a 
minute or so, when we get to the amendments, but for purposes of col-leagues reflecting before we start vot-ing, the first amendment I will be of-fering is backed by important progres-sive organizations, such as the Center for Democracy and Technology, and conservative groups, such as FreedomWorks, which last night said this is a particularly important vote with respect to liberty and privacy. It says that with respect to the standard for American companies, you just can-not hand it over, you have to take some affirmative steps—reasonable, af-firmative steps—before you share per-sonal information. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, we are 
going to go to these amendments, and we will have five amendments this morning and possibly up to five this afternoon starting at 4 o’clock. 
AMENDMENT NOS . 2626, AS MODIFIED , AND 2557  
I want to take this opportunity— 
there are two pending amendments that are not germane. I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to raise those points of order en bloc at this time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BURR. I make a point of order 
that the Whitehouse amendment No. 2626 and the Mikulski amendment No. 2557 are not germane to amendment No. 2716. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
points of order are well taken and the amendments fall. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I want to 
take this opportunity before we start the final process to thank the vice chairman. She has been incredibly will-ing to participate, even when we start-ed in a different place than where we ended. She brought to the table a tre-mendous amount of experience on this issue because of the number of years she had worked on it. She was very ac-commodating on areas that I felt were important for us to either incorporate or at least debate. 
What I really want to share with my 
colleagues is that we had a wholesome debate in the committee. The debate the vice chair and I and our staffs had was wholesome before it even came to the Presiding Officer or to Senator W
YDEN . That is good. It is why some of 
the Members might have said in com-mittee: Gee, this looks like a good amendment. Yet it did not fit within the framework of what the vice chair and I sat down and agreed to. 
So this has been a process over a lot 
of months of building support, not just within this institution but across the country. It is not a process where I ex-pected to get to the end and for there to be nothing but endorsements of the legislation. I have never seen a piece of legislation achieve that coming out of the Senate. But I think the vice chair and I believed when we actually put legislation together that we were on the same page. The fact is, it is impor-tant that today we are again still on the same page, that we have stuck there. I thank the vice chairman. 
I also thank Senator J
OHNSON and 
Senator C ARPER , the chairman and the 
ranking member of the homeland secu-rity committee. They have been in-credibly helpful and incredibly accom-modating. We have tried to incorporate everything we thought contributed positively to this legislation, and they were huge contributors. 
Lastly, let me say to all of my col-
leagues that it is tough to be put in a situation—the vice chair and myself— where we have Members on both sides 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.004 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7504 October 27, 2015 
who are going to offer amendments—I 
understand that to them those amend-ments are very reasonable, and I would only ask my colleagues to understand the situation the vice chair and I are in. We have negotiated a very deli-cately written piece of legislation, and any change in that that is substantive we feel might, in fact, change the out-come of what this bill accomplishes. 
We will have votes on amendments 
this morning. One of those amend-ments, Senator F
LAKE ’s amendment— 
overnight we were able to negotiate a change in the sunset provision to 10 years. We will modify that on the floor and accept it by voice vote. The others will be recorded votes. 
With that, I yield the floor. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2621, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
FISCHER ). Under the previous order, the 
question occurs on amendment No. 2621, as modified, offered by the Sen-ator from Oregon, Mr. W
YDEN . 
There is 2 minutes of debate equally 
divided. 
The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, vir-
tually all agree that cyber security is a serious problem. Virtually all agree that it is useful to share information, but sharing information without ro-bust privacy standards creates as many problems as it may solve. 
The first amendment I am offering is 
supported by a wide variety of organi-zations across the political spectrum because they want what this amend-ment would do; that is, reasonable ef-forts have to be made to strike unre-lated personal information before it is handed over to the government. With-out that, you have a flimsy standard that says: When in doubt, hand it over. 
I urge colleagues to support this 
amendment. It is backed by progressive groups and conservative groups. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent to add Senator W
ARREN as a 
cosponsor to my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a letter of support from 
FreedomWorks, a leading conservative voice on these issues. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
FREEDOM WORKS , 
Washington, DC, October 26, 2015. 
KEYVOTEYES ON THE WYDEN AMENDMENT  
#2621 TOCISA 
As one of our over 6.9 million 
FreedomWorks activists nationwide, I urge you to contact your senators and ask them to vote YES on the Wyden amendment to add crucial privacy protections to the Cyber Information Sharing Act (CISA), S. 754. 
CISA purports to facilitate stronger net-
work security across the nation by facili-tating the interchange of information on cyber threats between private companies and government agencies. But one of CISA’s sev-eral gaping flaws is the incentive it creates for some companies to share this data reck-lessly. The personally identifiable information 
(PII) of a company’s users can be attached to cyber threat indicators after a hack—poten-tially sensitive information that is generally unnecessary to diagnose the threat. But since companies which share cyber threat data are completely immune to consequence if that shared data should be misused, their incentive is to share the data as quickly as possible—even if that means some would be sharing PII. 
And if that personal data is irresponsibly 
shared with the government, it gets spread far and wide between government agencies (including the NSA) in real time, thanks to CISA’s mandatory interagency sharing pro-vision. 
The Wyden amendment goes a long way to-
ward addressing the potential misuse of this personal information by requiring companies which share cyber threat data to review said data to ensure that all PII that is not di-rectly necessary to counter the cyber threat is deleted before it is shared. 
Passing the Wyden amendment wouldn’t 
fully fix the problems with CISA, but it is an important protection against potential dis-tribution and misuse of innocent consumers’ private information. 
Please contact your senators and ask that 
they vote YES on the Wyden amendment to CISA. FreedomWorks will count the vote on this amendment as a Key Vote when calcu-lating our Congressional Scorecard for 2015. The scorecard is used to determine eligi-bility for the FreedomFighter Award, which recognizes Members of Congress who consist-ently vote to support economic freedom and individual liberty. 
Sincerely, 
A
DAMBRANDON , 
CEO, FreedomWorks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
of the Senator has expired. 
The Senator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I rise to oppose the amendment. This amendment would replace a key fea-ture of the underlying bill. Right now, under section 104(d) of the managers’ amendment, a company is required to conduct a review of any information before it is shared and remove any per-sonal information that is not ‘‘directly related to a cybersecurity threat.’’ 
Senator W
YDEN ’s amendment, while 
well-intentioned, would replace that review with a requirement that a com-pany must remove personal informa-tion ‘‘to the extent feasible’’—and there is the rub. This is a very unclear requirement. In this bill, we are trying to provide clarity on what a company has to do so that it is understandable. Companies understand what it means to conduct a review to see whether there is personal information and then strip it out. They don’t know what may or may not be feasible, and they worry that this lack of clarity could create the risk of a lawsuit where the current language does not. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
of the Senator has expired. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Therefore, I ask 
my colleagues to join with me in vot-ing no on the Wyden amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Wyden amendment, as modified. 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator 
from Kentucky (Mr. P AUL), the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and the Sen-
ator from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 41, 
nays 55, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 285 Leg.] 
YEAS—41 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Coons Crapo Daines Durbin Franken Gardner 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heller Hirono Klobuchar Leahy Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Udall Warren Wyden 
NAYS—55 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Flake Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Lankford Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Mikulski Moran 
Nelson Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Whitehouse Wicker 
NOT VOTING—4 
Cruz 
Paul Rubio 
Vitter 
The amendment (No. 2621), as modi-
fied, was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2548, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question occurs on amendment No. 2548, as modified, offered by the Senator from Nevada, Mr. H
ELLER . 
There is 2 minutes of debate equally 
divided. 
The Senator from Nevada. Mr. HELLER. Madam President, the 
chairman has stated that this piece of legislation has privacy protections. But I don’t believe it goes far enough or we wouldn’t be in this Chamber, vote after vote after vote, trying to move this so there is some personal privacy and so there are some liberties that are protected. 
This amendment in front of us right 
now is a commonsense, middle-ground approach that strengthens the stand-ards for the Federal Government re-moving personal information prior to sharing it with the private sector. 
I want to leave my colleagues with 
two points. This is the same standard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.012 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7505 October 27, 2015 
that the private sector is held to in the 
House-passed bill, supported by the Chamber. If this amendment is good enough for the private sector, the ques-tion is, Why isn’t it good enough for the Federal sector or the government? No. 2, my amendment strikes a balance between increasing privacy but still providing for real-time information sharing. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, Sen-
ator F
EINSTEIN and I have tried to 
reach a very delicate balance. We think we have done that. Senator H
ELLER  
raised one specific issue. He said the chamber is supportive of the language. Let me just read: The chamber opposes Senator H
ELLER ’s amendment for much 
of the same reason that we oppose com-parable amendments being offered. It says: The difficulty with seemingly simple tweaks and wording is that in-terpreting the language, such as ‘‘ rea-sonably believes’’ and ‘‘reasonable ef-forts’’ in legislation, is far from simple. It would create legal uncertainty and is contrary to the goal of real-time in-formation sharing. The chamber will press to maintain NOS as the standard. 
Hopefully, this shares some texture 
with my colleagues about how difficult this has been. As I said earlier, I would love to accept all of the amendments. But when it changes the balance of what we have been able to put—when we take a voluntary bill and provide uncertainty, we have now given a rea-son for either companies not to partici-pate or for the government to delay the transmission to the appropriate agen-cies. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. BURR. We believe we have the 
right protections in place. I urge my colleagues to defeat the Heller amend-ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment, as modified. 
Mr. THUNE. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator 
from Kentucky (Mr. P AUL), the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and the Sen-
ator from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 47, 
nays 49, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 286 Leg.] 
YEAS—47 
Baldwin 
Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Cantwell Cardin Casey Cassidy Coons Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst 
Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Kaine Lankford Leahy Lee Markey McCaskill Menendez 
Merkley Moran Murkowski Murray Peters Portman Reed Sanders Sullivan Tester Toomey Udall Warren Wyden 
NAYS—49 
Alexander 
Ayotte Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Capito Carper Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Feinstein Fischer Graham Grassley 
Hatch Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk Klobuchar Manchin McCain McConnell Mikulski Murphy Nelson Perdue Reid Risch Roberts 
Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Thune Tillis Warner Whitehouse Wicker 
NOT VOTING—4 
Cruz 
Paul Rubio 
Vitter 
The amendment (No. 2548), as modi-
fied, was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2587, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question occurs on amendment No. 2587, as modified, offered by the Senator from Vermont, Mr. L
EAHY . 
The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Madam President, I would 
ask that my remarks be under leader time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CONGRATULATING SENATOR LEAHY ON CASTING  
HIS 15 ,000TH VOTE  
Mr. REID. Mr. President, today my 
friend and colleague P ATLEAHY has 
reached another milestone in an ex-traordinary career. He just cast his 15,000th vote. That is remarkable. He is only the sixth Senator in the history of this great body to have done that. In 226 years, he is one of 6. 
Today’s momentous occasion should 
come as no surprise because his entire career in public service has been his-tory in the making. He graduated from St. Michael’s College, which is a Vermont institution. He graduated from Georgetown University Law Cen-ter. 
He was first appointed as the State’s 
attorney when he was 26 years old. He was then reelected on two separate oc-casions. During that time, P
ATLEAHY  
was a nationally renowned prosecutor. In 1974—his last as a State’s attorney— he was selected as one of the three most outstanding prosecutors in Amer-ica. 
At age 34, P
ATbecame the first Dem-
ocrat in U.S. history to be elected to the Senate from Vermont. After he was elected, the Republican Senator he was 
to succeed, George Aiken, was asked by some to resign his seat a day early— which you could do in those days—to give Senator L
EAHY a head start in se-
niority among his fellow freshmen. Here is what Senator Aiken said: ‘‘If Vermont is foolish enough to elect a Democrat, let him be number 100.’’ 
Senator L
EAHY ’s career has proven 
that the people of Vermont were wise in selecting him. From No. 100, Senator L
EAHY over time ascended to the rank 
of President pro tempore of the Senate. Senator L
EAHY has spent four decades 
in the Senate fighting for justice and equality. As the chairman of the Judi-ciary Committee, he became a national leader for an independent judiciary, the promotion of equal rights, and the pro-tection of our Constitution. 
His main focus, though, has always 
been Vermont. He carries with him a picture of what he calls his farmhouse, which is on lots of acres. It looks like a picture you would use if you were trying to get somebody to come and stay at your place—it is just beautiful. It doesn’t remind me of the desert, but it is beautiful. 
Over the years, he has done every-
thing he can to protect the State’s nat-ural beauty, the resources, land and water, through conservation efforts. When people visit Vermont, they see these beautiful green vistas, pristine lakes and rivers, and picturesque farms. Senator L
EAHY has worked hard 
to keep Vermont that way. 
Senator L EAHY has done everything 
in his power to promote agriculture in his home State. As former chair of the agriculture committee, I can remember what he has done to protect the dairy industry. It is legend what he has done to protect the dairy industry. We all remember holding up the Senate for pe-riods of time until he got what he wanted for dairy. He wrote the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990, which helped foster Vermont and America’s growing organic food industry. Today, organic foods are a $40 billion industry. Many of those organic farms and busi-nesses are based in Vermont. 
After Tropical Storm Irene, I remem-
ber, graphically, his fighting for the State of Vermont. That storm dev-astated parts of Vermont. Roads were underwater for weeks. He helped secure $500 million in assistance for the people of Vermont to overcome a brutal nat-ural disaster. 
I am fortunate to be able to serve 
with P
ATLEAHY here in the Senate. He 
is more than a colleague; he really is a dear friend, as is his wife of 52 years, Marcelle, whom Landra and I know well. We have helped each other through our times of joy and our times of travail. Senator L
EAHY and his wife 
Marcelle have three wonderful children and five grandchildren. Give P
ATa 
minute alone and he will start telling you about them. 
Senator L
EAHY , congratulations on 
your 15,000th vote in the U.S. Senate. 
Mr. LEAHY. I thank my colleague. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.016 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7506 October 27, 2015 
(Applause, Senators rising.) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
as the Democratic leader has pointed out, this is indeed the 15,000th vote of the Senator from Vermont. That means he has taken the largest number of votes among all of us currently serv-ing here in the Senate. It means he has taken the sixth largest number of votes in Senate history. It certainly means he has taken more votes than any other Senator from his State, and Vermont has been sending Senators here since the late 1700s. 
That is not the only thing that sets 
him apart from every other Vermonter to serve here in the Senate. He was the first Democrat elected to serve from Vermont. Unfortunately, that is a habit that has not continued. I think we can safely assume he is Vermont’s first Batman fanboy to serve as well; the first Bat fan and probably the first Dead Head as well. 
There is no doubt that our colleague 
is the longest serving current Member of the Senate from any State. We are happy to recognize today his 15,000th vote. 
(Applause, Senators rising.) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. May I have 1 
minute to speak to that point? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I 
wish to commemorate my friend and colleague for casting his 15,000th vote today in the Senate. 
Senator L
EAHY has been a stalwart 
Member of this body since joining the Senate at the age of 34 in 1975. Four decades later, Senator L
EAHY continues 
to serve his State and our Nation with great passion and conviction. 
Senator L
EAHY has been a good friend 
as we work together in leading the Senate Judiciary Committee. 
So, Senator L
EAHY , congratulations 
on this tremendous milestone. I hope we can cast many more votes together as we continue to work in a bipartisan way on the committee. 
I applaud the Senator from Vermont 
for his great commitment to service, and I wish him many more votes in the future. 
(Applause, Senators rising.) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The jun-
ior Senator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, I 
rise to say a few words in congratu-lating Senator L
EAHY , not just for his 
15,000th vote but on his many years of service serving the people of the State of Vermont. Vermont is very proud of all of the work P
ATLEAHY has done. 
As we all know, Senator L EAHY has 
been a champion on agriculture issues, on protecting family farmers, espe-cially in dairy and organics. He has been a champion in fighting for civil liberties in this country. He has been a champion on environmental issues, making sure the planet we leave our kids is a clean and healthy planet. He 
has been a champion on women’s issues, and on so many other issues. 
Senator L
EAHY , on behalf of the peo-
ple of Vermont, I want to thank you so 
much for your years of service. 
(Applause, Senators rising.) Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I 
want to thank my dear friends, Sen-ator R
EID, Senator M CCONNELL , Sen-
ator S ANDERS , and Senator G RASSLEY  
for their comments, and I appreciate the opportunity to be able to serve with them. I thank the members of the Senate for this opportunity to make a very few observations about this per-sonal milestone. 
You know, the Senate offers both 
great opportunities and responsibility for both Senators from Vermont and all who serve here. We have a chance, day after day, to make things better for Vermonters and for all Americans. We can strengthen our country and en-sure its vitality into the future. We can forge solutions in the unending quest throughout this Nation’s history to form a more perfect Union. 
I cast my first vote in this Chamber 
in 1975 on a resolution to establish the Church Committee. The critical issues of the post-Watergate era parallel issues we face today—proof of the en-during fact that, while the votes we cast today address the issues we face now, problems will persist, threats will continue, and improvements to the de-mocracy we all revere can always be made. 
I think back on the 15,000 votes I 
have cast on behalf of Vermonters. A lot of them come quickly to mind today—some specific to Vermont and some national and some global—writ-ing and enacting the organic farm bill, the charter for what has become a thriving $30 billion industry; stronger regulations on mercury pollution and combating the effects of global warm-ing; emergency relief for the devasta-tion caused by Tropical Storm Irene; adopting price support programs for small dairy farmers; fighting for the privacy and civil liberties of all Ameri-cans; supporting the Reagan-O’Neill deal to save Social Security; nutrition bills to help Americans below the pov-erty line; bipartisan—strongly bipar-tisan—campaign reform in McCain- Feingold; the bipartisan Leahy-Smith Act, on patent reform; reauthorizing and greatly expanding and strength-ening the Violence Against Women Act; opposing the war in Iraq, a ven-ture that cost so many lives and tril-lions of taxpayer dollars. 
The Senate at its best can be the con-
science of the Nation. I have seen that when it happens, and I marvel in the fundamental soundness and wisdom of our system every time the Senate stands up and is the conscience of our Nation. But we cannot afford to put any part of the mechanism on auto-matic pilot. It takes constant work and vigilance to keep our system working as it should for the betterment of our society and the American people. And we can only do it if we work together. I am so grateful to my fellow 
Vermonters for the confidence they have shown in me. It is a measure of trust that urges me on. I will never be-tray it, and I will never take it for granted. Reflecting on the past 15,000 votes reminds me about the signifi-cance every time we vote, why I feel energized about what votes lie ahead, and how we can keep making a dif-ference. 
I thank my friends, the two leaders, 
for their remarks, my respected Senate colleague, Senator S
ANDERS , my friend, 
Senator G RASSLEY , with whom I’ve 
served a long time. I appreciate my friendship with them and have appre-ciated my friendship with other lead-ers, including Senators Mansfield, Byrd, Baker, Dole, Lott, and Daschle, and lifelong gratitude to my former colleague, Senator Stafford, a Repub-lican, who took me under his wing and guided me. And I am privileged to serve now—I mean, our whole Vermont dele-gation is here: Senator S
ANDERS , Con-
gressman W ELCH , and myself. Not 
many other States could do that and fit all of them in this body. And lastly I remember what a thrill it was to tell my wife, Marcelle, when I cast my first vote. And now 40 years later, I can still tell her about the 15,000th vote, and she knows, she and our children and grand-children are the most important people in my life. 
I do not want to further delay the 
Senate’s work today, and I will reflect more on this milestone later. I thank you for your friendships that have meant more to me and my family than I can possibly say, and I look forward to continuing serving here. Thank you very, very much. 
(Applause, Senators rising.) Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I 
want to add my voice to the well-de-served chorus of congratulations for our colleague and friend from Vermont. 
Of the 1,963 men and women who have 
ever served in the U.S. Senate, only six have the distinction of casting 15,000 votes. And of those august six, only P
ATRICK LEAHY continues to serve in 
this body today. The only other mem-bers of the 15,000-vote league are Sen-ators Robert C. Byrd, Strom Thur-mond, Daniel Inouye, Ted Kennedy, and Ted Stevens. 
More important than the number of 
votes Senator L
EAHY has cast, how-
ever, is the wisdom and courage re-flected in his votes. 
He was elected to the U.S. Senate in 
1974—part of an historic group of new Senators known as the ‘‘Watergate Ba-
bies.’’ 
He has voted time and again to up-
hold the values of our Constitution— even when it contained some political risk. 
His very first vote in this Senate was 
to authorize the Church Committee— the precursor to today’s Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. The Church Committee was created to investigate possible illegalities by the CIA, the FBI, and the National Security Agen-cy—and it resulted in major reforms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.025 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7507 October 27, 2015 
As you may know, Senator L EAHY is 
a major Batman fan. In fact, he has made several cameo appearances in Batman movies. 
His affinity for the Caped Crusader 
makes sense. You see, Batman is one of the few superheroes with no super-human powers. He is simply a man with unusual courage and determina-tion to fight wrongdoing. That is P
AT-
RICK LEAHY , too. 
I have served on the Senate Judiciary 
Committee for more than 18 years. During that time, Senator L
EAHY has 
been either our committee chairman or its ranking member. 
I have the greatest respect for his fi-
delity to the rule of law and his deter-
mined efforts to safeguard the inde-pendence and integrity of America’s Federal courts. 
He is a champion of human rights at 
home and abroad. 
According to the nonpartisan website 
GovTrack, Senator L
EAHY has spon-
sored more bipartisan bills than any other current member of this Senate. Sixty-one percent of his bills have had both Democratic and Republican co-sponsors. In this time of increasingly sharp partisanship, that is a record that we would all do well to emulate. 
I am particularly grateful to Senator 
L
EAHY for his strong support of a bipar-
tisan bill that I am cosponsoring, along with a broad array of Senators, from Chairman C
HUCK GRASSLEY to Senator 
CORYBOOKER . The Sentencing Reform 
and Corrections Act would make Fed-eral sentencing laws smarter, fairer, more effective, and more fiscally re-sponsible. It passed the Judiciary Com-mittee last week by a vote of 15–5. Sen-ator L
EAHY ’s leadership has been crit-
ical in building this broad support, and I look forward to the day—in the near future, I hope—when we can celebrate passage of this important measure. 
I learned recently that Senator 
L
EAHY dedicates all of his fees and roy-
alties from his acting roles to char-ities. A favorite charity is the Kellogg- Hubbard library in Montpelier, VT, where he read comic books as a child. I hope that there are young boys and girls discovering in that library the same uncommon courage and love of justice that P
ATRICK LEAHY found 
there. 
America needs more heroes like P AT 
LEAHY . 
AMENDMENT NO . 2587, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question occurs on amendment No. 2587, as modified, offered by the Senator from Vermont, Mr. L
EAHY . 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. There will now be 2 minutes equally 
divided. 
The Senator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I rise regretfully to speak against the amendment directly following the im-
portant monument of 15,000 votes by one of the idols of my life, but so be it. 
As it might become very clear, Sen-
ator B
URR and I, on a bill that came 
out of committee 14 to 1, have tried to keep a balance and have tried to pre-vent this kind of information sharing from being a threat to business so they won’t participate. Therefore, the words that are used are all important as to whether they have a legal derivation. Senator L
EAHY ’s amendment would es-
sentially decrease the amount of shar-ing by opening up the chance of public disclosure through the Freedom of In-formation Act of cyber threats shared under this bill. 
Now, we seek to share information 
about the nature of cyber effects and suggestions on how to defend networks. This information clearly should not be made available to hackers and cyber criminals who could use it for their own purposes. So Senator B
URR and I 
worked closely with Senator L EAHY  
and Senator C ORNYN in putting to-
gether the managers’ package to re-move a FOIA exemption that they viewed as unnecessary and harmful. That has been removed in the man-agers’ package. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
of the Senator has expired. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I thank the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, as 
much as I hate to disagree with my dear friend from California, I will on this amendment. 
I don’t like to see unnecessary ex-
emptions to the Freedom of Informa-tion Act. 
Today I offer an amendment to the 
Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act that would remove from the bill an overly broad and wholly unnecessary new FOIA exemption. That new exemp-tion to our Nation’s premier trans-parency law was added without public debate and in a closed session by the Senate Intelligence Committee. Any amendments to the Freedom of Infor-mation Act should be considered open-ly and publicly by the Senate Judiciary Committee, which has exclusive juris-diction over FOIA—not in secret by the Senate Intelligence Committee. 
I expect that much of the informa-
tion to be shared with the government under CISA would be protected from disclosure to the general public. A thorough committee process, including consideration by the Senate Judiciary Committee, would have made clear that the vast majority of sensitive in-formation to be shared under this bill is already protected from disclosure under existing FOIA exemptions. This includes exemption (b)(4), which pro-tects confidential business and finan-cial information; exemption (b)(6) which protects personal privacy; and exemption (b)(7), which protects infor-mation related to law enforcement in-vestigations. 
In case there is any doubt that this 
information would be exempt from dis-closure, the underlying bill already 
makes clear that information provided to the Federal Government ‘‘shall be considered the commercial, financial, and proprietary information’’ of the entity submitting the information. Commercial and financial information is exempt from disclosure under FOIA pursuant to exemption (b)(4), and addi-tional protections are unnecessary. The comprehensive exemptions already in law have been carefully crafted to protect the most sensitive information from disclosure while prohibiting the Federal Government from withholding information the public is entitled to. Creating unnecessary exemptions will call into question the existing FOIA framework and threaten its twin goals of promoting government transparency and accountability. 
The new FOIA exemption in the 
cyber bill also includes a preemption clause that is overly broad and sets a terrible precedent. As drafted, it ap-plies not only to FOIA, but to all State, local, or tribal disclosure laws. By its very terms, this provision ap-plies not just to transparency and sun-shine laws, but to any law ‘‘requiring disclosure of information or records.’’ Because this broad preemption of State and local law has not received careful, open consideration, there has not been adequate consultation with State and local governments to consider the po-tential impacts. Such a sweeping ap-proach could impact hundreds of State and local laws and lead to unintended consequences. 
Amending our Nation’s premier 
transparency law and preempting State and local law deserves more public de-bate and consideration. If we do not op-pose this new FOIA exemption, then I expect more antitransparency language will be slipped into other bills without the consideration of the Judiciary Committee. Just a few months ago, I was here on the Senate floor fighting against new FOIA exemptions that had been tucked into the surface transpor-tation bill, and I have no doubt I will be down here again in the future fight-ing similar fights. But an open and transparent government is worth fight-ing for. I believe in transparency in our Federal Government, and I believe that FOIA is the backbone to ensuring an open and accountable government. I urge all Members to join me in this ef-
fort and vote for the Leahy amend-ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
of the Senator has expired. 
Mr. LEAHY. I thank the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 2587, as modified. 
The yeas and nays have been ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator 
from Kentucky (Mr. P AUL), the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and the Sen-
ator from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.014 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7508 October 27, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 37, 
nays 59, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 287 Leg.] 
YEAS—37 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Coons Daines Durbin Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heller Hirono Klobuchar Leahy Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Murray Peters Reed Reid 
Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Udall Warren Wyden 
NAYS—59 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Lankford Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Mikulski Moran 
Murkowski Murphy Nelson Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Thune Tillis Toomey Warner 
Whitehouse Wicker 
NOT VOTING—4 
Cruz 
Paul Rubio 
Vitter 
The amendment (No. 2587), as modi-
fied, was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2582 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question occurs on amendment No. 2582, offered by the Senator from Arizona, Mr. F
LAKE . 
The Senator from North Carolina. 
AMENDMENT NOS . 2582, AS MODIFIED , AND 2552 , 
AS FURTHER MODIFIED  
Mr. BURR. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Flake amendment No. 2582 and the Coons amendment No. 2552 be modified with the changes at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendments (No. 2582), as modi-
fied, and (No. 2552), as further modified, are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 2582, AS MODIFIED  
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 11. EFFECTIVE PERIOD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be in effect during the 10-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—With respect to any action 
authorized by this Act or information ob-tained pursuant to an action authorized by this Act, which occurred before the date on which the provisions referred to in sub-section (a) cease to have effect, the provi-sions of this Act shall continue in effect. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2552, AS FURTHER MODIFIED  
Beginning on page 23, strike line 3 and all 
that follows through page 33, line 10 and in-sert the following: 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS CONCERNING POLICIES AND  
PROCEDURES .—Consistent with the guidelines required by subsection (b), the policies and 
procedures developed and promulgated under this subsection shall— 
(A) ensure that cyber threat indicators 
shared with the Federal Government by any entity pursuant to section 104(c) through the real-time process described in subsection (c) of this section— 
(i) are shared in an automated manner 
with all of the appropriate Federal entities; 
(ii) are not subject to any unnecessary 
delay, interference, or any other action that could impede receipt by all of the appro-priate Federal entities; and 
(iii) may be provided to other Federal enti-
ties; 
(B) ensure that cyber threat indicators 
shared with the Federal Government by any entity pursuant to section 104 in a manner other than the real time process described in subsection (c) of this section— 
(i) are shared as quickly as operationally 
practicable with all of the appropriate Fed-eral entities; 
(ii) are not subject to any unnecessary 
delay, interference, or any other action that could impede receipt by all of the appro-priate Federal entities; and 
(iii) may be provided to other Federal enti-
ties; 
(C) consistent with this title, any other ap-
plicable provisions of law, and the fair infor-mation practice principles set forth in ap-pendix A of the document entitled ‘‘National Strategy for Trusted Identities in Cyber-space’’ and published by the President in April 2011, govern the retention, use, and dis-semination by the Federal Government of cyber threat indicators shared with the Fed-eral Government under this title, including the extent, if any, to which such cyber threat indicators may be used by the Federal Government; and 
(D) ensure there are— (i) audit capabilities; and (ii) appropriate sanctions in place for offi-
cers, employees, or agents of a Federal enti-ty who knowingly and willfully conduct ac-tivities under this title in an unauthorized manner. 
(4) G
UIDELINES FOR ENTITIES SHARING CYBER  
THREAT INDICATORS WITH FEDERAL GOVERN -
MENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall develop and make publicly available guidance to assist entities and promote sharing of cyber threat indica-tors with Federal entities under this title. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—The guidelines developed 
and made publicly available under subpara-graph (A) shall include guidance on the fol-lowing: 
(i) Identification of types of information 
that would qualify as a cyber threat indi-cator under this title that would be unlikely to include personal information or informa-tion that identifies a specific person not di-rectly related to a cyber security threat. 
(ii) Identification of types of information 
protected under otherwise applicable privacy laws that are unlikely to be directly related to a cybersecurity threat. 
(iii) Such other matters as the Attorney 
General and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity consider appropriate for entities shar-ing cyber threat indicators with Federal en-tities under this title. 
(b) P
RIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES .— 
(1) G UIDELINES OF ATTORNEY GENERAL .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with heads of the appro-priate Federal entities and in consultation with officers designated under section 1062 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1), develop, sub-mit to Congress, and make available to the 
public interim guidelines relating to privacy and civil liberties which shall govern the re-ceipt, retention, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity obtained in connection with activities au-thorized in this title. 
(2) F
INAL GUIDELINES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with heads of the appropriate Federal enti-ties and in consultation with officers des-ignated under section 1062 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1) and such private entities with industry expertise as the Attorney Gen-eral considers relevant, promulgate final guidelines relating to privacy and civil lib-erties which shall govern the receipt, reten-tion, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity obtained in connection with activities authorized in this title. 
(B) P
ERIODIC REVIEW .—The Attorney Gen-
eral shall, in coordination with heads of the appropriate Federal entities and in consulta-tion with officers and private entities de-scribed in subparagraph (A), periodically, but not less frequently than once every two years, review the guidelines promulgated under subparagraph (A). 
(3) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines required by 
paragraphs (1) and (2) shall, consistent with the need to protect information systems from cybersecurity threats and mitigate cy-bersecurity threats— 
(A) limit the effect on privacy and civil lib-
erties of activities by the Federal Govern-ment under this title; 
(B) limit the receipt, retention, use, and 
dissemination of cyber threat indicators con-taining personal information or information that identifies specific persons, including by establishing— 
(i) a process for the timely destruction of 
such information that is known not to be di-rectly related to uses authorized under this title; and 
(ii) specific limitations on the length of 
any period in which a cyber threat indicator may be retained; 
(C) include requirements to safeguard 
cyber threat indicators containing personal information or information that identifies specific persons from unauthorized access or acquisition, including appropriate sanctions for activities by officers, employees, or agents of the Federal Government in con-travention of such guidelines; 
(D) include procedures for notifying enti-
ties and Federal entities if information re-ceived pursuant to this section is known or determined by a Federal entity receiving such information not to constitute a cyber threat indicator; 
(E) protect the confidentiality of cyber 
threat indicators containing personal infor-mation or information that identifies spe-cific persons to the greatest extent prac-ticable and require recipients to be informed that such indicators may only be used for purposes authorized under this title; and 
(F) include steps that may be needed so 
that dissemination of cyber threat indicators is consistent with the protection of classified and other sensitive national security infor-mation. 
(c) C
APABILITY AND PROCESS WITHIN THE  
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in co-ordination with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, shall develop and imple-ment a capability and process within the De-partment of Homeland Security that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27OC5.REC S27OC5bjneal on DSK67QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7509 October 27, 2015 
(A) shall accept from any entity in real 
time cyber threat indicators and defensive measures, pursuant to this section; 
(B) shall, upon submittal of the certifi-
cation under paragraph (2) that such capa-bility and process fully and effectively oper-ates as described in such paragraph, be the process by which the Federal Government re-ceives cyber threat indicators and defensive measures under this title that are shared by a private entity with the Federal Govern-ment through electronic mail or media, an interactive form on an Internet website, or a real time, automated process between infor-mation systems except— 
(i) consistent with section 104, communica-
tions between a Federal entity and a private entity regarding a previously shared cyber threat indicator to describe the relevant cy-bersecurity threat or develop a defensive measure based on such cyber threat indi-cator; and 
(ii) communications by a regulated entity 
with such entity’s Federal regulatory au-thority regarding a cybersecurity threat; 
(C) shall require the Department of Home-
land Security to develop and implement measures to remove, through the most effi-cient means practicable, any personal infor-mation of or identifying a specific person not necessary to identify or describe the cyberse-curity threat before sharing a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure with appro-priate Federal entities; 
(D) ensures that all of the appropriate Fed-
eral entities receive in an automated manner such cyber threat indicators as quickly as operationally possible from the Department of Homeland Security; 
(E) is in compliance with the policies, pro-
cedures, and guidelines required by this sec-tion; and 
(F) does not limit or prohibit otherwise 
lawful disclosures of communications, records, or other information, including— 
(i) reporting of known or suspected crimi-
nal activity, by an entity to any other entity or a Federal entity; 
(ii) voluntary or legally compelled partici-
pation in a Federal investigation; and 
(iii) providing cyber threat indicators or 
defensive measures as part of a statutory or authorized contractual requirement. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 10 days 
prior to the implementation of the capa-bility and process required by paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, in consultation with the heads of the appro-priate Federal entities, certify to Congress whether such capability and process fully and effectively operates— 
(A) as the process by which the Federal 
Government receives from any entity a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure under this title; and 
(B) in accordance with the policies, proce-
dures, and guidelines developed under this section. 
(3) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND ACCESS .—The Sec-
retary of Homeland Security shall ensure there is public notice of, and access to, the capability and process developed and imple-mented under paragraph (1) so that— 
(A) any entity may share cyber threat in-
dicators and defensive measures through such process with the Federal Government; and 
(B) all of the appropriate Federal entities 
receive such cyber threat indicators and de-fensive measures as quickly as operationally practicable with receipt through the process within the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
(4) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF CERTAIN PROVISION .— 
The requirement described in paragraph (1)(C) shall take effect upon the earlier of— 
(A) the date on which the Secretary of 
Homeland Security determines that the De-partment of Homeland Security has devel-
oped the measures described in paragraph (1)(C); or 
(B) the date that is 12 months after the 
date of enactment of this Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2582, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I 
thank the chair of the subcommittee and the vice chair, ranking member, for working on this. This was initially a 6-year sunset. This has been moved under the amendment to a 10-year sun-set. I believe it is important, when we deal with information that is sensitive, to have a look back after a number of years to see if we have struck the right balance. 
We have done that on other sensitive 
programs like this. I think it ought to be done here. I appreciate the work that Senators B
URRand F EINSTEIN and 
my colleagues have put into this. 
I urge support. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, I 
thank my colleagues. We have agreed on this. We can hopefully do this by voice vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there 
is no further debate, the question is on agreeing to the amendment, as modi-fied. 
The amendment (No. 2582), as modi-
fied, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2612, AS FURTHER MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question occurs on amendment No. 2612, as further modified, offered by the Senator from Minnesota, Mr. F
RANKEN . 
The Senator from Minnesota. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, 
the Franken, Leahy, Durbin, and Wyden amendment addresses concerns raised by privacy advocates, tech com-panies, and security experts, including the Department of Homeland Security. 
The amendment tightens definitions 
of the terms ‘‘cyber security threat’’ and ‘‘cyber threat indicator,’’ which are currently too broad and too vague, and would encourage the sharing of ex-traneous information—unhelpful infor-mation. 
Overbreadth is not just a privacy 
problem; as DHS has noted, it is bad for cyber security if too much of the wrong kind of information floods into agencies. 
My amendment redefines ‘‘cyber se-
curity threat’’ as an action that is at least reasonably likely to try to ad-versely impact an information system. It is a standard that tells companies what is expected of them and assures consumers that CISA imposes appro-priate limits. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent for 20 more sec-onds. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. FRANKEN. The amendment also 
tightens the definition of ‘‘cyber threat indicator’’ to avoid the sharing of un-necessary information. The amend-
ment is intentionally modest. It makes only changes that are most needed for the sake of both privacy and security. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, let me 
say to my colleagues, again, we are trying to change the words that have been very delicately chosen to provide the certainty that companies under-stand and need for them to make a de-cision to share. 
Like some other amendments, if you 
don’t want them to share, then provide uncertainty. That is in language changing from ‘‘may’’ to ‘‘reasonably likely,’’ changing from ‘‘actual’’ or ‘‘potential’’ to ‘‘harm caused by an in-cident.’’ The Department of Homeland Security is for this bill. The White House is for this bill. Fifty-two organi-zations representing thousands of com-panies in America are for this bill. We have reached the right balance. Let’s defeat this amendment and let’s move to this afternoon’s amendments. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment, as further modified. 
Mr. TILLIS. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P AUL), the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and 
the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V IT-
TER). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 35, 
nays 60, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 288 Leg.] 
YEAS—35 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Coons Daines Durbin Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heller Hirono Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Murray Peters 
Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Wyden 
NAYS—60 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins 
Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley 
Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Manchin McCain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.005 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7510 October 27, 2015 
McCaskill 
McConnell Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Perdue Portman 
Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby 
Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Whitehouse Wicker 
NOT VOTING—5 
Cruz Graham Paul 
Rubio Vitter 
The amendment (No. 2612), as further 
modified, was rejected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri. 
Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to address the floor for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, last 
week I came to the floor to express my support for the Cybersecurity Informa-tion Sharing Act, which we are dealing with today. The bipartisan vote of 83 to 14 that happened later that day was an important step in the right direction to deal with this issue. The debate has been encouraging. We need to deal with this threat to our economy. It is a threat to our security, it is a threat to our privacy, and we need to deal with it now. 
As I and others have said before, if 
we wait until there is an event that gets people’s attention in such a dra-matic way that everybody suddenly re-alizes what is at stake, there is no tell-ing what kind of overreaction Congress will make. This has been a good debate at the time we should have it. Now, of course, we need to move on. 
There have been a lot of amendments 
offered. Many amendments have been accepted by the managers of the bill. With almost all certainty, today we will finish the remaining amendments pending on the bill and hopefully finish 
the bill itself. A lot of these amend-ments have been very well-inten-tioned—in fact, I suspect they all have been well-intentioned—but in many cases they fundamentally undermine the core purpose of the bill, which is to have voluntary real-time sharing of cyber threats, to allow that sharing to be between private entities and the Federal Government, and even for pri-vate entities to be able to share with each other. 
This is a bill that creates the liabil-
ity protections and the anti-trust pro-tections which that particular kind of sharing would allow. Of course, throughout this whole debate, there has been much discussion about how we protect our liberty in an informa-tion age. How do we have both security and liberty? 
Having served for a number of years 
on both the House Intelligence Com-mittee and the Senate Intelligence Committee, having served on the Armed Services Committee in the last Congress and in this Congress on the Defense Appropriations Committee, there is no argument in any of those committees that one of our great vul-nerabilities is cyber security and how we protect ourselves. We saw in the last few days that the 
head of the CIA had his own personal account hacked into apparently by a teenager who is in the process of shar-ing that information. If the head of the CIA and the head of Homeland Security do not know how to protect their own personal information, obviously infor-mation much more valuable than they might personally share is also in jeop-ardy. 
We do need to ensure that we protect 
people’s personal liberties. We need to do that in a way that defends the coun-try. Both of those are primarily re-sponsibilities that we accept when we take these jobs, and it is certainly our responsibility to the Constitution itself. 
I think Chairman B
URR and Vice 
Chairman F EINSTEIN have done a good 
job of bringing that balance together. This bill is carefully crafted in a way that creates a number of different lay-ers of efforts to try to do both of those things. 
First, the bill only encourages shar-
ing; it doesn’t require it. It doesn’t re-quire anybody to share anything they don’t want to share, but it encourages the sharing of cyber threats. It works on the techniques and the malware used by hackers. It specifically does not authorize the sharing of personal information, and in fact the bill explic-itly directs the Federal Government to develop and make available to the pub-lic guidelines to protect privacy and civil liberties in the course of sharing the information. 
The Attorney General is required to 
review these guidelines on a regular basis. The bill mandates reports on the implementation and any privacy im-pacts by inspectors general and by the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, to ensure that these threats to privacy are constantly looked at. 
Senator F
LAKE ’s amendment, which 
we accepted as part of the bill just a few minutes ago, guarantees that this issue has to be revisited. 
I gave a speech at Westminster Col-
lege in Fulton, MO, about a month ago at the beginning of the 70th year of the anniversary of Winston Churchill giv-ing the ‘‘Iron Curtain’’ speech on that campus and talking about liberty versus security there. I said I thought one of the things we should always do is have a time that forced us as a Con-gress to revisit any of the laws we have looked at in recent years to be sure we protect ourselves and protect our lib-erty at the same time. This is a vol-untary bill. Maybe that wouldn’t have been quite as absolutely necessary here, but I was pleased to see that re-quirement again added to this bill, as it has been to other bills like this. 
This is a responsible bill. The people 
the Presiding Officer and I work for can feel good about the responsible bal-ance it has. It defends our security, but it also protects our liberty. I look for-ward to its final passage today. The de-bate would lead me to believe, and the votes would lead me to believe, that is going to happen, but of course we need 
to continue to work now to put a bill on the President’s desk that does that. 
There still remain things to be done. 
One of the things I have worked on for the last 3 years—Senator C
ARPER and I 
have worked together, Senator W ARNER  
has been very engaged in this discus-sion, as has Chairman T
HUNE —is the 
protection of sensitive personal infor-mation as well as how do we protect the systems themselves. 
Clearly this information sharing will 
help in that fight. There is no doubt about that. In addition to supporting this bill, I want to continue to work with my colleagues to see that we have a way to notify people in a consistent way when their information has been stolen. 
There are at least a dozen different 
State laws that address how you secure personal information, and there are 47 different State laws that address how you tell people if their information has been stolen. That is too much to com-ply with. We need to find one standard. This patchwork of laws is a nightmare for everybody trying to comply and frankly a nightmare for citizens who get all kinds of different notices in all kinds of different ways. 
Without a consistent national stand-
ard pertaining to securing information, without a consistent national standard pertaining to what happens when you have a data breach and your informa-tion is wrongly taken by someone else, we have only done part of this job. So 
I want us to continue to work to find the solutions there. We need to find a way to establish that standard for both data security and data breach. I am going to continue to work with the Presiding Officer and my other col-leagues. Our other committee, the commerce committee, is a critical place to have that happen. I wish we could have done this on this bill. We didn’t get it done on this bill, but I would say that now the first step to do what we need to do is dealing with the problem of cyber security in the way this bill does and then finish the job at some later time. 
So I look forward to seeing this bill 
passed today. I am certainly urging my colleagues to vote for it. I think it has the protections the people we work for would want to see, and I am grateful to my colleagues for giving me a few mo-ments here to speak. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 1:01 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING ACT OF 2015—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 4 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.006 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7511 October 27, 2015 
p.m. is equally divided in the usual 
form. 
The Senator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I wish to 
comment briefly on the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act that the Sen-ate is considering. Let me first com-mend the sponsors, Senator B
URR and 
Senator F EINSTEIN , for their extraor-
dinary work. 
This bill will help ensure greater 
sharing of cyber threat information, more rapidly and broadly, across indus-try and government. As we have seen with large-scale attacks against the Federal Government and companies such as Sony, there is an urgent need to start addressing these breaches. While such legislation is not going to eliminate our cyber security chal-lenges, it should materially help to de-feat and deter cyber attacks and assist law enforcement in tracking down and prosecuting cyber criminals. Informa-tion sharing will also assist the intel-ligence agencies and law enforcement to detect and trace the attacks origi-nating from foreign actors, which is a crucial step in holding other countries accountable. 
Many of our citizens and corpora-
tions are understandably concerned about the impact of information shar-ing on privacy. But we also must recog-nize that rampant cyber crime is a monumental threat to the privacy of the American people, and that sharing information about these criminal acts cannot only protect privacy but also protect our public safety and national security. 
With respect to the specific privacy 
protections in the legislation before us, the managers of this bill have come a long way toward improving the balance between security and privacy protec-tion, especially the changes made to the base bill by the managers’ sub-stitute. 
A major area of concern was whether 
the government should be authorized to use information shared under this bill to investigate or prosecute a host of crimes unrelated to cyber security. Now the bill is more narrowly tailored and focused on using information gath-ered under this bill to go after crimes that are specifically related to cyber security. 
The managers’ substitute also adds a 
requirement that the information shar-ing procedures, required to be issued under this bill, include a duty to notify individuals when the Federal Govern-ment shares their personally identifi-able information, or PII, erroneously. 
The managers’ substitute also in-
cludes an improved reporting require-ment that will show the number of no-tices sent because the government im-properly shared an individual’s PII and the number of cyber threat indicators shared automatically and, in addition, the number of times these indicators were used to prosecute crimes. 
So the managers’ substitute has 
come a long way toward being more protective of individual privacy, and I would like, once again, to recognize 
Senators F
EINSTEIN and B URR’s hard 
work here and their willingness to lis-ten to their colleagues. While I might personally have set the balance slight-
ly different in some places, which is why I have supported some of the amendments before us, I think they have done a significant job in improv-ing the bill and providing privacy pro-tection. 
I do want to draw my colleagues’ at-
tention to one important additional fact here, which in some cases has been largely overlooked. The cyber informa-tion sharing system established by this bill will require Federal dollars to im-plement. Many of the agencies in-volved—the Department of Homeland Security being the primary portal for shared threat indicators—are funded on the nondefense discretionary side of the ledger. This is an example of why I and many of my colleagues have been urging for sequester relief for both de-fense and nondefense spending—be-cause we cannot defend our homeland without funding nondefense agencies such as the Department of Homeland Security and a host of other key Fed-eral agencies. Indeed, I am encouraged that we are close to voting on a budget solution that will provide 2 years of se-quester relief on a proportionally equal basis for defense and nondefense spend-ing, and that protects the full faith and credit of the United States by taking the threat of default off the table until March of 2017. 
For this reason, I look forward to 
final passage of this legislation. I once again commend the principal authors, Senator B
URR and Senator F EINSTEIN , 
for their extraordinary effort. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2581, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I want 
to go back in time a little more than 12, 13 or 14 years ago, to 9/11. One of the lessons learned by the committee on which the Presiding Officer and I serve, now the Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs Committee, was learned from former Governor Tom Kean of New Jersey, cochair, along with former Congressman Lee Ham-ilton from Indiana, former chair of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. They were the cochairs of the 9/11 Com-mission. One of the things they brought to our committee and to the Congress, after a lot of work by a num-ber of good men and women who served on that commission, was the root causes for how that disaster occurred: How could those four aircraft take down the Twin Towers, crash into the Pentagon, and crash into a field in Shanksville, PA, instead of this build-ing right here? How could that have happened? 
There are a number of reasons why it 
happened. But one of the reasons why it happened is that we had stovepiped our intelligence services. What the folks over at the FBI knew wasn’t nec-essarily known or shared with the De-
partment of Homeland Security. What the folks at the National Security Agency knew was not shared with ei-ther of the other two agencies. What the Defense Information Agency knew or what other agencies knew simply didn’t get shared—stovepiped—because we did a lousy job of sharing the real 
story, the full truth on what was being plotted, what was going to come down and literally take thousands of lives in one day and change in many ways our country—in profound ways that still exist today. ‘‘Stovepiping’’—I have heard that word a hundred times in hearings and before our committee and in talking to folks in the 9/11 Commis-sion. The legislation that we passed on the heels of that disaster was designed to make sure we didn’t end up stovepiping again with intelligence in-formation that might lead us to avert that kind of disaster. So far, it seems to be working and is much needed, and I think it has been helpful. 
Today, I want to talk about a dif-
ferent kind of stovepiping that I am afraid we may end up with—not to avert or block an aviation takeover of an aircraft and disasters involving the aviation sector but a disaster in cyber space in the face of cyber threats to our country. 
We are working here today and will 
be voting later today on an amendment or two and then on final passage of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act. Again, just to remind everybody, the reason why we are considering this is there needs to be a better sharing of information when businesses come under cyber attack from those within our country, outside of our country, cyber nations, and criminal organiza-tions. We need to do a better job of sharing that information—business to business and business to government— and for the government to share that information within the government to agencies that need to know so we can respond to those attacks. 
Shortly after the 9/11 Commission 
recommendations were enacted, one of the things that we did was we stood up a new department called the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. It is a ci-vilian agency, as we know. It is not the Department of Defense. It is not the Department of Justice. It is not the FBI, and it is not the National Secu-rity Agency. It is a civilian organiza-tion. 
When the Department of Homeland 
Security was created, one of the ideas behind it was that it would not be just a civilian operation, but it would be a civilian operation that could receive, from businesses and from other govern-mental entities, information relating to cyber attacks. That information could come through a portal—think about it; almost like a window— through which those threat indicators would be reported. Those threat indica-tors would come through that portal at the Department of Homeland Security. The Department of Homeland Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.033 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7512 October 27, 2015 
would do, almost in real time, a pri-
vacy scrub to strip off from the infor-mation—the threat indicators sub-mitted from other businesses or other government entities—Social Security numbers or other personally identifi-able information or information that just shouldn’t go to other Federal agencies or other businesses. They 
would strip it out—not in a week, not in a day, not in an hour, not even, in many cases, in a minute, but just like that—immediately—real-time privacy scrub. 
As the Presiding Officer knows, we 
tried for years to be able to enact legis-lation that incentivizes businesses that have been victims of cyber attacks to share that information with one an-other, with other businesses, and with the Federal Government. A bunch of them have been reluctant to do it. Some of them have been reluctant to do it because they don’t want to get sued. If they disclose that they had a breach and maybe their competitors didn’t, how would that be used against them? How could they be named in lawsuits if attacks occurred? 
So in order to get them to be willing 
to share information, we had to incent them. And the way we decided to incent them is to say: Share the infor-mation. You don’t have to worry if you share it with the Department of Home-land Security through the portal estab-lished in this civilian agency. Share it with the Department of Homeland Se-curity, and you have liability protec-tion or, as it turns out, if you already shared it previously, if it has been shared previously with the Federal Government, you can share it again and still enjoy liability protection. You can share it with companies that are victims of cyber attacks, share it with their regulator, and still enjoy liability protection. 
What we want to do is to make sure 
companies and businesses that are hacked don’t just sit on the informa-tion, that they do something with it. This is a saying we have on Amtrak: If you see something, say something. If something happens to a business—a cyber attack intrusion—we want them to share it so other businesses and other Federal agencies can be prepared for it, look out for it, and stop it. 
Where does this take me? This takes 
me to an amendment that we are going to be voting on later this afternoon of-fered by one of our colleagues, Senator C
OTTON . It would, I fear, risk revisiting 
stovepiping—not the kind of stovepiping that led to the disaster of 9/11 but stovepiping that could lead to cyber threats—threat indicators shared with the Federal Government but not with the Department of Homeland Se-curity, which receives these threats and immediately disburses them to other agencies that have a need to know. But what the Cotton amendment would do is that it would say that a business that is a victim of a cyber at-tack could share with the FBI, could share with Secret Service, but wouldn’t have to share with the Department of 
Homeland Security. 
The reason why in our legislation, 
which Senator B
URR, Senator F EIN-
STEIN , I, and others have worked on, we 
have it going through the Department 
of Homeland Security is because, more than any Federal agency, they are set up to do privacy scrubs. That is one of the things they do, and, frankly, they do it really well. Their job is to then spread that information and share that information back to the private sector, in some cases, and in other cases, just with relevant agencies—NSA, FBI, De-partment of Justice, Treasury, whoever else needs to know that information. 
As part of the authors of the legisla-
tion, I join them in this. Our fear is if the information isn’t shared with the Department of Homeland Security, which will then broadly share it in real-time and share that information with those who need to know it, and if it ends up that the FBI or, frankly, any other agency that doesn’t have that ability to do a great privacy scrub maybe, that doesn’t have maybe the mission to immediately share that in-formation in real time to other rel-evant players, then the news—the word about that cyber attack—could lit-erally stay at that agency—the FBI or the Secret Service, for that matter. We don’t want that to happen. We don’t want to see that information stovepiped in one agency. We want to make sure that it goes to one agency that does the privacy scrub. We want to make sure the agency that does the privacy scrub shares that information in real time with relevant Federal agencies and the private sector. 
I probably shouldn’t pretend to speak 
for Senator F
EINSTEIN and Senator 
BURR. They will be here to speak for 
themselves. But I know they share my concerns about this legislation. I ask, on behalf of them, and, frankly, for others of us who believe that this is a dangerous amendment—and I don’t say that lightly. We have worked really hard. We have worked really well across the aisle—literally for months now—to get to this point. To use a football analogy, we are not just in the red zone passing this legislation; we are on the 10-yard line, and it is first down and goal to go. Let’s not muff the play. Let’s get the ball to the end zone. Let’s pass this legislation. Let’s vote down the Cotton amendment, and let’s go to conference. Let’s go to conference and provide the kind of protection against cyber attacks that this coun-try desperately needs and deserves. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
CARBON REGULATIONS  
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, today I 
rise on behalf of West Virginian work-ers, families, communities, and all hardworking Americans who will bear the burden of these onerous carbon mandates. The bipartisan resolution of disapproval, which I have introduced with my colleague Senator H
EIDI HEITKAMP from North Dakota and 47 
other cosponsors, will block EPA’s greenhouse gas regulation targeting existing power sources. I also strongly support Leader M
CCONNELL ’s com-
panion resolution to block the regula-tions targeting new power limits. 
As I was thinking about the speech 
today and as I rise to give this speech, I realize I have said many of these same words so many times before. I have expressed the same frustrations and spouted off similar statistics. What is the difference this time? The dif-ference is we have already seen the devastating effects and the callous na-ture of regulatory overreach. We know what the new reality would be. The new reality would be what we are fac-ing with these new carbon regulations: the reality of the families, the faces, and the hardships that we have already endured; the thousands of layoffs in my State of West Virginia that have al-ready been issued; the jobs that have been lost and will never come back. 
Just this morning, nearly 200 West 
Virginia coal miners in Randolph County were informed that their jobs will be gone by Christmas. Think about how those families will spend their Christmas holiday. Then consider how those realities will be magnified and felt throughout many households 
across the country if these carbon mandates move forward—the higher electricity bills that will result, the squeeze that already is squeezing struggling middle-class families who are living on fixed incomes, and the squeeze that those who live on fixed in-comes will feel. Our most vulnerable will bear the burden. Consider the far- reaching effects these regulations will have on schools that are now seeing their budgets shrink, home values that are now on the decline, and fewer dol-lars that are available for public safety and law enforcement. 
It is reality that the policies ema-
nating from this government—from our government—are causing this destruc-tion. This is not a natural disaster. This is not a fiscal crisis. This is not an uncontrollable event but a carefully crafted, precise, and very meditated as-sault on certain areas of the country. These are policies that help some States and truly hurt others, policies that target States like West Virginia and North Dakota where we produce some of the most reliable and afford-able energy, and policies that are rip-ping the American dream away from families in my State and communities. Our families want and deserve healthy, clean air and water, and they want to live in a great environment. But poli-cies from Washington that pit one State against another and prioritize certain communities and certain jobs over others are bringing the livelihoods of many to a halt. On behalf of Ameri-cans across the country, Members of Congress now have the opportunity to express our concerns with these carbon mandates. We have an opportunity to weigh in about whether these burden-some regulations should go into effect. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.034 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7513 October 27, 2015 
I believe that a majority of my col-
leagues understand the need for afford-able and reliable energy, and that is why I am confident that Congress will pass these resolutions and place this critical issue of America’s economic fu-ture squarely on President Obama’s desk. With the international climate negotiations in Paris scheduled for De-cember, the world is watching whether the United States will foolishly move forward with regulations that will do virtually nothing to protect our envi-ronment and will tie one hand behind our back economically. Even if the President vetoes these resolutions— and we recognize the likelihood that he will—passing them will send a clear message to the world that the Amer-ican people do not stand behind the President’s efforts to address climate change with economically catastrophic regulations. 
I am pleased to be joined by several 
colleagues on the floor who understand the need for affordable and reliable en-ergy. I would like to recognize Senator H
EITKAMP . 
I ask unanimous consent to engage in 
a colloquy with my colleagues for up to 30 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Thank you, Mr. 
President, and thank you to my great colleague from the great State of West Virginia, a State that has been powering America for many years—in fact, from the very beginning. My thanks go to all of the great workers and coal miners in her State who have added to our economic opportunity, not just for the people in West Virginia but for the people of an entire region. 
That is one thing we forget—that in 
America a great miracle happens every day. We turn on a light switch and the lights come on. If that doesn’t happen or if it is too expensive to turn on that light switch, we will not be the country that we are. With this regulation, I think what we have done is cede the all-important role of electrical secu-rity and energy security to an environ-mental agency that does not have the experience or expertise to understand what it takes to get an electron in the wire. 
I am proud to stand today with my 
colleague Senator C
APITO and intro-
duce a bill to roll back the EPA rule on carbon emissions—that rule which threatens the supply of abundant, af-fordable, and reliable electricity in North Dakota. I pledge to register my displeasure through multiple channels. This legislation today is the most pub-lic way of expressing not just my frus-tration but the frustration and concern of my State regulators and my State utilities. 
Although this rule will have dra-
matic consequences across the country, it unfairly targets North Dakota utili-ties. During the original draft rule, North Dakota’s allocation was 11 per-cent. This is not something we were happy with given the extent of the ju-risdictional reach but something that 
people started rolling up their sleeves saying if we have to reduce by 11 per-cent, how are we going to do it and how are we going to meet this challenge? That is the North Dakota way, to not only fight for our rights but also look at what the alternatives are. Unfortu-nately, when the draft rule went from an 11-percent to a 45-percent reduction in the final rule, that was the straw that broke the camel’s back. 
I am trying to do everything I can to 
push back against EPA’s burdensome powerplant rules to find workable solu-tions so North Dakotans can continue to have low-cost, reliable electricity. This CRA is one of the many different avenues I am taking to make sure that North Dakota is treated fairly. 
I want to talk about what is unique 
about North Dakota. In fact, a lot of the generation that happens in North Dakota is generation that is generated by rural electric co-ops. These co-ops own and operate about 90 percent of the State’s coal-based generation fa-cilities, and they provide electricity to rural areas that in the past other utili-ties would not serve, not just rural areas in North Dakota but rural areas all through the region. These are peo-ple at the end of the line, as we call them, the very people that this rule will most impact and that EPA and this administration failed to consider when they made this final rule. 
North Dakota’s utilities are heavily 
invested in coal-based generation for a good and historic reason. I think this is an important point to make because a lot of people may say: Well, what is the difference? You can fuel switch. But at the time our electric co-ops built these generation facilities, they used coal be-cause it was against Federal law to use natural gas. The fuel use act made it il-legal to use natural gas for power gen-eration, virtually forcing these power companies to make the investment that they made in this fuel source of coal. Now, after making billions of dol-lars of investments to meet the man-dates under the fuel use act and to meet the numerous emissions stand-ards that have been put forth by EPA, the administration once again is straining these assets, causing them in many cases to be stranded. If the ad-ministration were willing to pay fair market value to strand these assets, then maybe we could have a discussion, but I don’t see that deal on the table. These utilities built, modified, and ret-rofitted all at great cost and according to Federal law at the time, and now they are threatening the very existence of this generation. 
These assets are not just critical to 
North Dakota. Our coal-based genera-tion provides dependable, affordable, reliable baseload electricity to millions of people in the Great Plains with roughly 55 percent of electric power generated in North Dakota being shipped outside our border. 
When this final rule came out, I sim-
ply said that it was a slap in the face to our utilities and our regulators. 
This final rule was so vastly different from the rule that was proposed, it was almost laughable that EPA said it wasn’t in any way informed by any real input or any real comment. How can you take a utility and a State from 11 percent to 45 percent and not reissue that rule? How can that be the move-ment in the final rule? 
I think this final rule is a rule that 
jeopardizes close to 17,000 good-paying jobs in my State. It provides power for rural communities that otherwise would struggle for affordable, reliable baseload power. We have some of the lowest power costs in the country be-cause we have some of the best utilities in the country, which are always look-ing out for the consumer at the end of the line. 
North Dakota has never stepped 
down from a tough challenge, espe-cially when the challenge is fair, the goal is attainable, and the timeline is achievable, but that is not this rule. The goal is not fair, the challenge is not fair, the goal is not attainable, and the timeline is unachievable in my State—unachievable. That is not any-thing the Clean Air Act ever antici-pated—that we would set a goal with no feasible or possible way of meeting that goal, given current technology. Yet that is the position we are in. 
At the end of the day, what matters 
most is making sure that our utilities can do their jobs, making sure that when a North Dakotan or a South Da-kotan or someone from Wyoming or Colorado, where we deliver power—and certainly those in Minnesota—reaches over to turn on that light switch, re-gardless of the time of the day, that light comes on. That is called baseload power. People who think this is easy, people who think this is just switch fuels or switch technology, have never sat in a boardroom as I have and lis-tened to the challenges of putting that electron on that wire. 
I stand with my colleague from West 
Virginia and my colleague J
OE 
MANCHIN here on our side of the aisle 
saying enough is enough. This is a problem we need to address. Maybe that is the difference in how we look at this. This is an issue that we can tack-le and achieve results over time, but this rule is wrong. It is wrongheaded. It will, in fact, cause huge disruption to the economy of my State and the econ-omy of the middle of this country. We have to do everything we can to pre-vent this rule from becoming a reality. 
Thank you for letting me join you, 
the great Senator from West Virginia. We have two great Senators from West Virginia here. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
there is a war on coal in America—a war on coal in America. The leader is the President of the United States. A number of us were in the Senate in 2009 and 2010, and the administration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.035 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7514 October 27, 2015 
couldn’t pass their cap-and-trade pro-
posal through the Senate. They had 60 votes in the Senate. The President and his party had 60 votes in the Senate, but they couldn’t pass the cap-and- trade proposal through this body, so they decided they were going to do it anyway. They decided they were going to do it anyway. 
As the two Senators from West Vir-
ginia can attest, we have a depression in central Appalachia, created not be-cause of anything we did here in Con-gress but because of the President’s zeal to have an impact worldwide on the issue of climate. I suspect that even if we follow this path all the way to the end, this effort by the United States would have about as much im-pact as dropping a pebble in the ocean. Yet we are paying a real price for it here at home. Eastern Kentucky looks like the Dust Bowl during the thir-ties—no jobs, no opportunity, no fu-ture, not as a result of anything we passed through the people’s elected representatives but by this sort of ar-rogant, singlehanded messianic goal to deal with worldwide climate. 
Our options to stop it are quite lim-
ited. We do have the possibility of the Congressional Review Act, but the weakness of that obviously is that even though we can pass it with a simple majority, he is likely to veto it. 
We are here today to stand up for our 
people, the ratepayers of America, and not only the ratepayers—90 percent of the electricity in Kentucky comes from coal—but the communities that have been devastated by this. I have never seen anything like it. I heard my parents talk about what the Depression was like. It sounds and looks a lot like the stories they told me about America in the 1930s. 
This is a venture that will have no 
impact on the issue for which it is being pursued but is having a dev-astating and current adverse impact on the people we represent. 
We have representatives from both 
parties here on the floor today working toward overturning the administra-tion’s deeply regressive energy regula-tions. These regulations are going to ship more middle-class jobs overseas. I told my constituents last year: Coal has a future; the question is, Does coal have a future in this country? The In-dians and the Chinese are not going to give up their future by not using this cheap and abundant source of power. The Germans—one of the greenest countries in Europe—are now import-ing coal. So coal has a future. The question is, Does it have a future here after this administration? 
My folks can’t even put food on the 
table. The ones who can find a job somewhere are leaving. The population continues to decline. 
As I said earlier, it is not going to 
have much of an impact on the envi-ronment of our planet. This isn’t going to do anything meaningful to affect global carbon levels. It just seems that someone wants to be able to pat them-selves on the back for doing something 
even if they accomplish hardly any-thing at all, except hurt a whole lot of Americans. Higher energy bills and lost jobs may be trivial to some folks out on the political left—not their jobs; they don’t care—but it is a different story for the middle-class Kentuckians whom I represent. 
So here we have on the floor Sen-
ators from both parties who are saying it is time to take off the ideological blinders and instead think about those who have already suffered enough over the past few years. We have worked to-gether to file bipartisan measures that would overturn the administration’s two-pronged regulations. I have joined with Senator H
EITKAMP and Senator 
CAPITO on a measure that would ad-
dress one of those prongs, the one that pertains to existing energy sources. Senator M
ANCHIN is here on the floor 
and joined me as I introduced a meas-ure that would address the other prong, the one that pertains to new sources. These bipartisan measures together represent a comprehensive solution. As I said, I am pleased to be joined here on the floor by Senators from West Vir-ginia and North Dakota. Senator D
AINES from Montana is here—another 
important coal State. The chairman of our Environment and Public Works Committee, Senator I
NHOFE , is here, 
and some have already spoken and some will speak after me. I am proud and pleased to be here on the floor with all of my colleagues standing up for our aggrieved constituents who have been mightily abused by this adminis-tration. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). The Senator from West Vir-
ginia. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, first of 
all, I want to thank my colleagues, Senator M
CCONNELL , Senator C APITO , 
who is my colleague from the State of West Virginia, Senator D
AINES , Sen-
ator I NHOFE , and my good friend Sen-
ator H EITKAMP . 
This is a bipartisan approach. Not 
often do we see a bipartisan effort, a bi-partisan colloquy on the floor of the Senate anymore, and there should be because we all have the same interests. Basically, how do we provide afford-able, dependable, and reliable energy? That is what this country was built on. We have defended this country by hav-ing resources that we could use to basi-cally defend ourselves, and that re-source has come from what the Good Lord gave us. Coal has been in abun-dance in the United States of America. We have fought every war, we have de-fended, we have energized, and we have built a middle class unlike at any time in the history of this world. 
So now it comes to the point where 
there is a group—basically the ones on an ideological pathway—who says we can do it differently. If someone came to me and said: We have this new great energy, and I am sorry, West Virginia and North Dakota and Oklahoma and Montana, we have this new energy— 
and maybe it is commercial hydrogen, which will be water vapor—that is won-derful. We will figure a way. We will embrace that. We will figure a way to make it. We will do something. We will diversify. That is not the case. The case is simply this: This country has depended and will depend—even by this administration’s admission, this coun-try will depend on fossil fuel for at least the next three decades. It is in the EIA report. They are going to have to have it. Baseload, as the Senator from North Dakota said, is simply this: something that will give us power 24/7, day and night, rain or shine. There are only two things in the world that can do it: coal and nuclear. Gas is coming on and gas will be a baseload when the distribution lines and the pipelines are there to provide it. Right now it is not, but it is coming on strong. 
Just look no further than Japan. 
Japan was mostly moving toward nu-clear. Fukushima happens. When that happened, Japan had to change. What did they do? They changed to coal. But they decided the new plants they would build would be ultra super critical. That means 40 percent efficiency, burn-ing at the highest levels to reduce the emissions. They are moving in tech-nology ways. 
Now, what does the plan that we are 
talking about and we have our col-leagues talking about—existing source, which means they can’t continue with what we have today, and new source, which means any new plant has to be built to certain standards. Carbon cap-ture sequestration has not been proven commercially, not at one plant in America. Yet these rules are based on using carbon capture sequestration. 
All we have said—some of us have 
said this: Why don’t you at least dem-onstrate that you can have that type of commercial operation and that it can withstand 1 year under commercial load and show us those are the new limits you want us to meet? That, to me, is reasonable. 
Let me tell my colleagues this: If you 
were in the business of producing power and you desired not to do that even though we had technology, then you would have to close your plant. I understand that. That is not the case. They can’t show us technology and show us that it has a commercial fea-sible pathway to be able to perform and provide the energy we need. There is no way they can do it. 
So I have said this: If it is 
unobtainable, it is unreasonable. That is all. Don’t expect me to do something that has never been done. If the Fed-eral Government says: Fine, we have $8 billion lying down at the Department of Energy—$8 billion that hasn’t been tapped—does that not tell us some-thing? 
The private sector has not stepped up 
to take those types of loans and to use those types of loans to find the new technology for the future because they don’t believe the administration wants 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.036 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7515 October 27, 2015 
us to find any new technology that 
might be able to adhere to the stand-ards they have set. 
So we sat back and we have done 
nothing. Then, on top of that, they ex-pect these plants, 30 years from now— if they are expecting to get commercial power, electricity, fill the grid with power coming from coal for the next 30 years—most of our plants average 50 years of age. They can’t produce the power they are going to produce—that we will need for this country to have for 30 more years. An 80-year-old plant just won’t do it. So that means they come off the line, off the grid. When that comes off the grid, what we call dependable, reliable, and affordable en-ergy goes away. It goes away. 
I have said this: Someone needs to re-
spectfully ask our President, this ad-ministration, the EPA, the DOE: If for the next 90 days not another ton of coal was delivered to a coal plant in Amer-ica—not another ton of coal because— and I have said this to the administra-tion. They have been very eloquent in basically telling the American people: We don’t like coal, we don’t want coal, and we don’t need coal. If those were the facts, then make sure you tell the American people, if they didn’t have coal for 90 days, what the United States of America would look like. Just tell me what it would look like. Ask anybody what it would look like. The lives of 130 million people would be in jeopardy tomorrow—130 million peo-ple. This system could collapse. The east coast could be dark. Now, you tell me how you are going to fill that in. And if you are not willing to be honest with the American people and tell them that, don’t make them believe there is something that is not there, that you can run this off of wind and solar. 
We have a lot of wind in West Vir-
ginia, and we are proud of that. I will give an example. My colleagues will re-member the hottest days this past summer, that very hot spell we had, 90 to 100 degrees. We have 17 acres of a wind farm on top of a beautiful moun-tain in West Virginia, 560 megawatts. We have a coal-fired plant sitting there, the cleanest super-critical coal- fired plant on Mount Storm, 1,600 megawatts. Guess how many megawatts of power the wind produced during the hottest times of the summer when we needed the power. Two megawatts. Two. The wind didn’t blow. It was so hot and stagnant, it didn’t blow. That poor little coal-fired plant was giving it everything it had to try to produce the power the Nation need-ed. 
I am just saying the facts are the 
facts whether we like them or not. So when this plan comes out and says that any new coal-fired plant being built has to be—you can basically be assured they are not going to build any. When they are saying existing plants have to meet certain standards, they won’t in-vest and try to hit a moving target. 
So now what happens? For the 35 to 
40 percent of the power you are telling the United States of America, the peo-
ple in this great country, that we have—don’t worry, we are going to take care of you, it is not going to hap-pen. We are not going to stand by and say we are not going to fight for that. We are not only fighting for a way of life for West Virginia, we are fighting for a way of life for this country. 
This country depends on energy we 
have been able to produce. We have al-ways depended on our little State. North Dakota, now one of the best en-ergy-producing States we have in the country—Montana, Wyoming, Okla-homa—we have been the heavy lifters. We will continue to work for this great country. We just need a little help. That is all we are asking for. 
So I would say, ask the question: 
What would the country look like to-morrow? The standards they are set-ting are basically unreasonable, totally unreasonable, because they are unobtainable. 
The impact is going to be dev-
astating, basically. The system is going to be to the point to where we can’t depend on it, it is not reliable, and we don’t have the power of the fu-ture yet. Maybe our children or grand-children might see that. I hope so. But until the time comes where we are going to transition from one to the other, make sure it is a smooth transi-tion. Make sure it is a dependable tran-sition. Make sure it is one that keeps this country the superpower of the world. If we don’t, I guarantee we will be the last generation standing as a su-perpower saying that we are energy independent; we are not fighting wars around the world basically for the en-ergy this country needs. We have the ability to basically take care of our-selves. We can be totally independent with energy if we have an energy pol-icy that works, but it has to be real-istic. This is not. 
That is why I totally oppose this new 
power plan which is coming out. It is a shame that we have to rely on the courts to protect something we should be doing in the Halls of this Senate. It is a shame that the courts have to step in to protect us. 
With that being said, I yield the 
floor, and I thank my colleagues for being here on this important issue. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, first of 
all, I appreciate the fact that my col-leagues from West Virginia, North Da-kota, Kentucky, and Montana—all of us are getting together on this in a bi-partisan way. I think it is worth re-peating, to make sure everyone under-stands where we are on this, what a CRA is. The CRA is the Congressional Review Act. It is an act that allows an elected person who is answerable to the public to weigh in on these decisions that are made by the President—who 
can’t run again for office—and by the unelected bureaucrats who are destroy-ing this country. 
As was pointed out by the Senator 
from Kentucky, I do chair the com-mittee called the Environment and 
Public Works Committee. On this com-mittee, we deal with these regulations. We have jurisdiction over the EPA. It is interesting I would say that because we tried to get the EPA to come in and testify as witnesses as to how the President plans to move to the percent-age of power that is going to be gen-erated by the year 2030 by renewables, and they won’t testify because they don’t have a plan. They don’t know how they are going to do it. 
The CRA is significant because there 
are a lot of people in this case who would be the liberals in this body who like the idea of being overregulated, who like the idea of having the regu-lators run our lives, and they are the 
ones who would love to go home when people are complaining about the cost of all of these things and they can say: Well, wait a minute. Don’t blame us. That was a bureaucrat who did that; that wasn’t me. 
Well, this forces accountability, and 
these guys don’t like it. I can assure you right now that we are going to give everyone an opportunity to weigh in on what these issues are. They would much prefer to go home and say: I know we are overregulating and I know it is destroying the States—whatever the States happen to be—but it wasn’t me, don’t look at me. 
Now we are going to see who is re-
sponsible because what is going to hap-pen is we are going to have a vote. The vote is going to take place, and I think our leader is correct when he says the President will probably veto this. If the President vetoes it, it comes back for a veto override, and then people will know who is for it and who is against it. So I think a CRA has another great value. It forces accountability by peo-ple who are answerable to the public. 
On the issue we are discussing today, 
the interesting and the consistent pat-tern we have is that what this Presi-dent does is he gets the things they tried to do through over—through leg-islation, and those things that fail through legislation he tries then to do by regulation. 
Let me give you an example. Another 
issue—not the issue we are talking about today—is the WOTUS issue, the waters of the United States. Histori-cally, it has been the States that have regulations over the waters except for navigable waters. Well, of course, lib-erals want everything in Washington. So 5 years ago a bill was introduced, and the bill would have essentially taken the word ‘‘navigable’’ out so that the Federal Government would have control over all the waters in my State of Oklahoma and throughout America. Two of them introduced a bill, one was Senator Feingold of Wisconsin and the House Member was Congressman Ober-star from one of the Northern States. I don’t know which one it was. They in-troduced a bill to take the word ‘‘navi-gable’’ out. Not only did we over-whelmingly defeat the legislation, but the public defeated the two of them in the next election. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.038 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7516 October 27, 2015 
Now the President is trying to do 
what he was not able to do through leg-islation through regulation. The same thing is true—the Senator from West Virginia is right when he talked about what they are trying to do. It is very interesting when you look at this bill. We are talking about the emissions of CO
2. The first bill that was introduced 
was in 2002. It was the McCain-Lieber-man bill. We defeated that. The next one was the McCain-Lieberman bill in 2005, and the third one was the Warren- Lieberman bill in 2008. Then we had the Waxman-Markey bill that we never even got to vote on because nobody was going to vote for it. 
So what they fail to be able to do leg-
islatively, they are now trying to do through regulations, and that is why a CRA is significant because it does force accountability. 
Let me make one other statement. 
This thing about Paris that is going to take place in December. This is the big party that the United Nations puts on every year. It is the 21st year they have done this. I can remember when they did it in 2009. That was going to be Co-penhagen. Several people went over there at that time. President Obama was in the Senate, Hillary was in the Senate, P
ELOSI was there, and John 
Kerry went. They went over there to tell the 192 countries that were meet-ing in Copenhagen—the same 192 coun-tries that will be meeting in 2 months—went over to tell them we were going to pass cap-and-trade legis-lation that year. That was 2009. 
I went over after they had given their 
testimony there. I went all the way over to Copenhagen, spent 3 hours, and came all the way back on the next flight. I probably had the most enjoy-able 3 hours I ever had because I was able to talk to 192 countries and tell them they had been lied to; that we are not going to be passing it. The same thing is going on in December of this year. 
By the way, let me just mention one 
thing that hasn’t been said. There are people out there listening to this who actually believe this stuff, that the world is going to come to an end be-cause of CO
2manmade gases. This is 
something we have been listening to for a long period of time. I remember right before going to Copenhagen in 2009—at that time the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency was Lisa Jackson, an appointee by President Obama, and I asked her this question on the record, live on TV. I asked: If we had passed any of the leg-islation or the regulations that we are talking about passing, would this have an effect of lowering the CO
2world-
wide? She said—now keep in mind this was an Obama appointee—by the way, Obama was President at that time when he went to Copenhagen. She said: Well, no, it wouldn’t reduce emissions worldwide because it just pertains to the United States. 
This isn’t where the problem is. The 
problem is in India, it is in China, it is in Mexico. The problem we would have 
there is, yes, we might lower our CO
2 
emissions in the United States. How-ever, those other countries will not, and it could have the effect of increas-ing, not decreasing, CO
2emissions be-
cause as we chase our manufacturing base overseas to places they don’t have any restrictions, we would have the ef-fect of increasing it. 
So I am just saying I appreciate the 
fact we are all together on this and making the necessary efforts to make people accountable. I think it might surprise a lot of people as to who changes their mind on this once they know they have to cast a vote and be accountable. 
I applaud, certainly, my friends from 
West Virginia and the other States that are involved in this. I think this is the right thing to do. Let’s keep in mind the Utility MACT—that is the maximum achievable control tech-nology—was the first shock to put coal under. At that time we did a CRA, and we actually came within four votes of getting the bill passed, and that was when Republicans were not a majority. I look for some good things to happen, and I think we are doing what is right and responsible. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for additional time so the Senator from Montana can join the colloquy. As he reminds me, the Senator has the largest recoverable tonnage of coal in the Nation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DAINES. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
This administration is shutting down 
coal-fired powerplants in the United States. I thank the Senator from West Virginia, Mrs. C
APITO , the other Sen-
ator from West Virginia, Mr. M ANCHIN , 
and we have Senator H EITKAMP here. 
We had Democrats and Republicans in colloquy talking about what is going on with coal-fired plants and the Clean Power Plan of this administration. 
This is what is happening. It is kill-
ing good-paying jobs for union workers, for pipefitters, for boilermakers, and tribal members in my State with these so-called Clean Power Plan regula-tions. At the same time, it is stifling investment that could lead to innova-tion to make coal cleaner in the United States. 
As I travel across Montana, I have 
heard Montanans describe the EPA as—a rancher once told me it stands for ‘‘Eliminate Production Agri-culture.’’ A union member recently told me it stands for the ‘‘Employment Prevention Agency.’’ President Obama and his ‘‘Employment Prevention Agency’’ continues to wage war on American energy, American families, and on American jobs. This so-called Clean Power Plan is an all-out frontal assault on affordable energy and good- paying union jobs as well as tribal jobs. This will leave President Obama di-
rectly responsible for skyrocketing en-ergy bills, a loss of tax revenue for our schools, teachers and our roads and the unemployment of thousands of hard- working Americans. The President ig-nores the fact that more than half of Montana’s electricity comes from coal, as do thousands of jobs and $120 million in tax revenue every year. 
In fact, 40 percent of our Nation’s en-
ergy comes from coal. When a young person plugs their iPhone or their smartphone into the wall and charges it, most likely it is being charged by coal. 
In my hometown of Bozeman, we 
have a Tesla charging station at one of our hotels. Elon Musk at Tesla did an amazing, innovative job creating elec-tric vehicles, but when they plug those Tesla vehicles into those chargers, those Tesla vehicles in Montana are likely powered by coal. 
The facts are that coal production in 
the United States is much safer and less carbon intensive than coal from other nations. As had been mentioned, this is a global challenge we must think about and address. The Powder River Basin in Southeast Montana has coal that is among the cleanest in the world. It has lower sulfur content and cleaner than Indonesian coal. Shutting down U.S. coal will have a negligible impact on global coal demand and global emissions. However, it will ulti-mately make it more likely that less technologically advanced coal produc-tion techniques will be used around the world. 
This is the way to think about it. 
The United States consumes about 10 percent of the world’s coal. Said an-other way, 90 percent of the coal con-sumption in the world occurs outside the United States, and the global de-mand for coal-fired energy will not dis-appear even if the United States were to shut down every last coal mine and every last coal-fired plant. 
Again, individuals are entitled to 
their own opinions but not to their own facts. Here are the facts. Coal use around the world has grown about four times faster than renewables. There are 1,200 coal plants planned across 59 countries. About three-quarters of them will be in China and India. China consumes 4 billion tons of coal per year versus the United States at 1 billion tons. China is building a new coal-fired plant every 10 days, and that is pro-jected to last for the next 10 years. 
In Japan—I used to have an office in 
Tokyo. My degree was in chemical en-gineering, and I was part of a software company with offices around the world. I remember the big earthquake that struck Japan—the 9.0 quake. The Fukushima nuclear reactors were dis-abled. How is Japan dealing with that? They are building 43 coal-fired power-plants. By 2020, India may outbuild 2
1⁄2 
times more coal capacity as the United States is about to use. So it is short-sighted and misguided to move forward on an agenda that is going to devastate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.049 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7517 October 27, 2015 
significant parts of the economy. It is 
going to raise energy prices and de-stroy union jobs and tribal jobs. 
We are seeing that already in Mon-
tana. Earlier this month, in the month of October, a customer of the Crow Tribe, the Sherco Coal plant in Min-nesota announced it needs to shut down two units. This cuts off a signifi-cant portion of the customer base for Crow coal. Because the Crow Tribe re-lies on coal-fired Midwest utilities for most of its non-Federal revenue and for good-paying private jobs at the Absaloka Mine, the unemployment rate on the Crow reservation today is in the high 40 percent. Without these coal mining jobs, that unemployment rate will go to 80 to 85 percent. 
Ironically, some of the first impacted 
by the Obama administration’s new regulations are those who can least af-ford it. You have heard it from Sen-ators on both sides of the aisle today. Under the final rule, the Colstrip pow-erplant in Montana will likely be shut-tered, putting thousands of jobs at risk. We must take action. We need to stop these senseless rules. 
This past weekend I joined the Mon-
tana attorney general, Tim Fox, in Helena to announce that Montana, along with 23 other States, has filed a lawsuit against the Federal Govern-ment because of Obama’s recent deci-sion. There are currently 26 States— the majority of the States in this United States—through three different lawsuits that have requested an initial stay on the rule. 
As Leader M
CCONNELL mentioned in 
2010, a Democratic-controlled Congress could not pass these regulations. The people’s House stopped it, but now President Obama and the EPA are moving forward without the people’s consent. 
I am thankful to partner with a bi-
partisan group of my colleagues, Lead-er M
CCONNELL , Senator C APITO , Sen-
ator I NHOFE , Senator M ANCHIN , and 
Senator H EITKAMP , who are speaking 
out and working to stop this harmful rule. I am proud to stand and join them as a cosponsor of two bipartisan resolu-tions of disapproval under the Congres-sional Review Act that would stop the EPA from imposing the anti-coal regu-lation. 
Coal keeps the lights on, it charges 
our iPhones, and it will continue to power the world for decades to come. Rather than dismissing this reality, the United States should be on the cut-ting edge of technological advance-
ments in energy development. We should be leading the way in using clean, affordable American energy. 
America can and should power the 
world. We can only do it if the Obama administration steps back from the out-of-touch regulations and allows American innovation to thrive once again. In summary, we need more inno-vation, not more regulations. 
Thank you, and I yield back my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I would 
like to thank my colleagues for joining me in a colloquy, particularly the Sen-ator from North Dakota, who is co-sponsoring the Congressional Review Act legislation with me on existing coal-fired powerplants, and certainly my colleague from West Virginia Sen-ator M
ANCHIN . We have worked very 
well together in a bipartisan way on these issues—Leader M
CCONNELL , 
Chairman I NHOFE , and Senator D AINES  
from Montana. 
I think we have presented a clear pic-
ture of the impact of these rules. So I ask unanimous consent that any time spent in a quorum call before the 4 p.m. vote series be charged equally against both sides. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. CAPITO. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
PUERTO RICO  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I want 
to talk about the financial crisis that is going on in Puerto Rico. We have all heard about the current situation that Puerto Rico finds itself in. They are suffering. They are having trouble pay-ing their bills and their economy is in shambles. Some people have the atti-tude ‘‘Well, that is not our problem,’’ but they are forgetting the fact that Puerto Rico is part of the United States. It is a territory. It is not a for-eign country. Puerto Ricans are Amer-ican citizens. 
If a problem exists in Puerto Rico, it 
exists in the United States. It is not something we can just ignore. It im-pacts the entire country. If the econ-omy continues to suffer in Puerto Rico, the people there will just move to an-other part of the country. I want to re-peat that. If things are bad in Puerto Rico economically, they—Puerto Ricans—can move to another part of the country. This is not immigration; this is a move to the mainland. Many Puerto Ricans are leaving Puerto Rico because of it is troubles. 
Happily, many of the people who live 
on the island are moving to Florida. They are adding to the diversity and immense fabric of Florida that reflects the entire country, but our gain in Florida is Puerto Rico’s loss. There are more than 1 million people in Florida alone who may have preferred to stay at home on the island with their friends and their families. People who otherwise would be opening small busi-nesses or new doctors’ offices in San Juan are opening them in Orlando. This only hurts Puerto Rico’s eco-nomic future. 
We need to give Puerto Rico the tools 
it needs to get its economy back on track. Puerto Rico cannot do that alone. Congress needs to pitch in. I have joined a number of our col-leagues—B
LUMENTHAL , S CHUMER , and 
MENENDEZ —in being a sponsor of the 
Puerto Rico Chapter 9 Uniformity Act. It fixes a glitch in the Federal bank-ruptcy law that stops Puerto Rico’s municipalities and public corporations 
from restructuring their debt through the Federal bankruptcy court, some-thing that is law in all of the States. That is why we have a bankruptcy law, but there is a glitch that you cannot do that in Puerto Rico. That is simply un-fair. The people of Puerto Rico should get equal protection under the law. 
Both the Finance Committee and the 
Energy and Natural Resources Com-mittee have held hearings in the past few weeks about the economic crisis in Puerto Rico. Two of Puerto Rico’s elected officials, Governor Garcia Padilla and Congressman P
IERLUISI , 
have testified at these hearings. Both said that Puerto Rican public corpora-tions need access to Chapter 9 debt re-structuring. 
It is this Senator’s strong desire that 
we see them treated equally under the law and that this legislation to fix this glitch comes to the floor soon. We also need to help Puerto Rico’s health care system. The Medicaid Program in Puerto Rico serves nearly 1.7 million residents. It is in terrible shape. In 2010, Congress passed the Affordable Care Act, which provided Puerto Rico with a $5.4 billion one-time payment to cover health care costs. That money is set to expire in 2019, but it could even run out sooner. 
Under Medicare Part D, Puerto Rican 
residents are being treated like second- class citizens. They don’t get the same financial support that State residents get for prescription drug coverage. This has an effect on their economy, stifling their ability to emerge from the crisis, not to speak of the fact that they are not getting the health care other American citizens have. 
I remind you, Puerto Ricans are 
American citizens. So this kind of treatment under Medicare flies in the face of the most basic American value—equality. That is why several of us have joined Senator S
CHUMER on a 
bill to improve the way Puerto Rico is treated under Medicare and Medicaid. 
Last week, thankfully, the White 
House released a set of legislative pro-posals to help Puerto Rico. Included in that list were some of the bills I have mentioned here that I support. I urge our colleagues to give this problem the attention it demands. We should move the proposals that we can move in this legislative body. We should do it with haste. There are more than 3
1⁄2million 
people in Puerto Rico. They are U.S. citizens who, unlike most U.S. citizens, have no one to represent them in this Chamber and only have a nonvoting delegate in the House of Representa-tives. They have no voice here, but even with no voice, there are some of us in this Chamber who will make sure that their voice is heard. We cannot turn our backs on fellow Americans. By the way, when it comes time to de-fend this country and our national se-curity, look at the percentage of Puer-to Ricans who sign up for the military. They are fellow Americans. I ask my colleagues to look deep in their hearts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.050 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7518 October 27, 2015 
and find a way to come together to 
help the island of Puerto Rico, a terri-tory, our fellow American citizens, to get through this troubled time. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
BUDGET AGREEMENT  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, since I 
see no one is waiting to speak, I might offer a couple of comments about the proposed budget agreement. We are still evaluating this, looking at the de-tails, but first things first. This seems to me to be something we should agree to. It certainly gets us past this artifi-cial debt crisis that would cause the United States to go into economic cat-aclysmic fits. 
If we do not raise the debt ceiling, 
America cannot pay its obligations it has already incurred. It would be the first time the U.S. Government went into default. That time has already run out, but through extraordinary meas-ures the Secretary of the Treasury has been able to keep the cashflow going, but he is running out of all of his tricks of the trade next week, Novem-ber 3. That is the first thing it would do most immediately. 
The second thing it would do is it 
would get us over this budgetary im-passe of a budget that lays out the blueprint—for the flushing out of that blueprint, which are the appropriations bills. So in the case of the budget, what had been brought forth was a budg-etary gimmick of saying we were going to raise the amount of money we need-ed for defense, but it was not going to meet this arbitrary budget cap that had been set 3 years ago by the cuts across the board called the sequester. But oh, by the way, we were going to increase that defense spending a little more by creating an additional account over and above what we spend overseas called the overseas contingency fund, OCO, and therefore money was going to be supplied—the increases we need in defense—with in fact not increasing the budgetary caps on spending. 
Well, that was budgetary fakery. 
That was budgetary sleight of hand. That was not budgetary truth. This agreement stops that for the next 2 years. Two years from now we will have to face the same thing and get rid of this artificial cut across the board. That is no way of dealing with trying to cut the budget. You ought to be cut-ting the budget with a scalpel, not with a meat cleaver, where you come across the board on every program. 
Indeed, what this agreement does is 
it raises the caps on defense in this first year $25 billion. It allows an OCO increase of $23 billion—and that is con-siderably less than what had been pro-posed earlier. Indeed, as you get into 
fiscal year 2017, it raises the budgetary caps on defense by $15 billion, also a $23 billion OCO, or overseas contingency fund, for the war effort over in Central Asia. 
This is a good program, but the other 
thing this agreement corrects—in the Republican budget, they had only raised money for defense spending, and all the other needs of government that need to be appropriated—nondefense 
discretionary spending—were kept arti-ficially low. If you are talking about grants from NIH, that was all being limited. If you are talking about money for NASA as we get into the program of going to Mars, all of that had been cut. If you are talking about agricultural programs, all of that had been cut. No matter what program— education, the environment, you go on down the list—all of that had been cut. 
This budget agreement that we will 
vote on hopefully in the next 2 or 3 days does, in fact, raise those budg-etary caps for nondefense spending as well as for defense spending. So where the caps were raised in this first year of fiscal year 2016 by $25 billion for de-fense spending, so too $25 billion for nondefense discretionary spending. Likewise, in the next fiscal year, 2017, where the caps had been raised $15 bil-lion for defense spending, likewise, nondefense discretionary and all those other needs of government, the same amount—$15 billion. 
I will have more to say about this 
later, but while I have the opportunity, I wish to commend to the Senate that I think it is certainly in the interests off of our country to move forward and approve this new budgetary agreement. 
By the way, I might add as I close 
that an agreement has been hammered out between the Republican and the Democratic leadership in both Houses, along with the White House. 
I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, in to-
day’s digital age, many Americans live their lives online. We communicate via email, use photo sharing and social networking Web sites, store documents in the cloud, and access our private fi-nancial and medical information through the Internet. The amount of sensitive electronic data that we create and store on the Internet is staggering and will only continue to grow. We know that cyber security is an impor-tant component of protecting our crit-ical infrastructure. A cyber attack tar-geting the electric grid in the North-east, for example, could have dire ef-fects during a cold Vermont winter. I know that Vermonters care about cyber security, and Congress must act responsibly to strengthen our ability to defend against cyber attacks and breaches. But I also know that Vermonters care deeply about their privacy and civil liberties, and I be-lieve just as strongly that whatever Congress does in the name of cyber se-curity must not inadvertently under-mine the privacy and security of Vermonters and all Americans. For years, Congress has seemed sin-
gularly focused on the private sector’s desire for voluntary information shar-ing legislation. While improving the flow of cyber threat information be-tween the government and private sec-tor is a laudable goal that I support, it is not a panacea for our cyber security problems. Information sharing alone would not have prevented the major breaches of the past year, such as the breach at the Office of Personnel Man-agement, OPM, or the breaches at Sony, Home Depot, or Anthem. 
Narrowly tailored legislation to fa-
cilitate the sharing of technical, cyber threat data could be beneficial, but the Senate Intelligence Committee’s bill 
lacks certain basic safeguards and threatens to significantly harm Ameri-cans’ privacy. That is why I have heard from a number of Vermonters who op-pose the bill and that is why consumer advocacy organizations, privacy and civil liberties groups, and major tech-nology companies like Apple, Dropbox, and Twitter all vocally oppose the bill. The technology companies know first-hand the importance of ensuring our cyber security, and they oppose this bill because they believe it does little to improve our cyber security and would ultimately undermine their users’ privacy. 
For months, I have worked with Sen-
ator F
EINSTEIN to improve this bill. 
She has been receptive to my concerns, and I appreciate that many of the revi-sions that I suggested are now incor-porated into the managers’ amend-ment. The managers’ amendment now makes clear that companies can only share information for cyber security purposes, which is an improvement from the original legislation. It also prohibits the government from using information shared by private compa-nies to investigate routine crimes that have nothing to do with cyber security. And it removes a completely unneces-sary and destructive new exemption to the Freedom of Information Act, FOIA, which had the potential to greatly re-strict government transparency. These are significant improvements, and I am thankful to Senator F
EINSTEIN for 
working with me to incorporate them into the bill. 
Unfortunately, the Senate Intel-
ligence Committee’s bill still has major flaws. This bill overrides all ex-isting legal restrictions to allow an un-precedented amount of data—including Americans’ personal information—to flow to the government without ade-quate controls and restrictions. It needlessly requires all information shared with the government to be im-mediately disseminated to a host of Federal agencies, including to the NSA. It fails to adequately require companies to remove irrelevant per-sonal information before sharing with the government. The bill contains broad authorizations that allow compa-nies to monitor traffic on their net-works with liability protection and em-ploy ‘‘defensive measures’’ that may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.052 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7519 October 27, 2015 
cause collateral harm to innocent 
Internet users. The bill also continues to include another unnecessary FOIA exemption that will weaken the exist-ing FOIA framework. 
Proponents of the bill have at-
tempted to assuage many of these con-cerns by arguing that sharing under this bill is voluntary, and if companies do not want to share information with the government or use the authorities in the bill, they do not have to. This bill may be voluntary for companies, but it is not voluntary for consumers. American consumers have no say on whether their information is shared with the government and ends up in an NSA or IRS database. They may have no recourse if a company needlessly monitors their Internet activity or in-appropriately shares their personal in-formation with the government. 
Rather than limiting the dissemina-
tion of information in order to protect the private and proprietary informa-tion of Americans and American busi-nesses, this bill goes in the wrong di-rection by giving companies more li-ability protection and more leeway on how to share our information. The most effective action Congress can take to improve our cyber security is to pass legislation that requires com-panies to take greater care of how they use and protect our data, not less. And we should pass my Consumer Privacy Protection Act to require companies to protect our personal information and help prevent breaches in the first place. The cyber security legislation before us today does nothing to address this very real concern, so I cannot support it. I fear that this bill will significantly un-dermine our privacy, and I urge Sen-ators to vote against passage. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2581, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, today I 
speak in support of the Cotton amend-ment to the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act. My amendment is straightforward. It simply would pro-vide liability protection to any busi-ness or other private organization that shares cyber threat indicators to the FBI or the Secret Service. 
In its current form, the Cybersecu-
rity Information Sharing Act would re-quire entities to submit these cyber threat indicators through a portal cre-ated and run by the Department of Homeland Security in order to receive liability protection. But there are also two exceptions that would allow enti-ties to receive liability protection out-side the DHS portal: first, if a submis-sion was related to a previously shared cyber threat indicator, and second, if the submitting entity is sharing infor-mation with its Federal regulatory au-thority. But not every private entity has a Federal regulatory authority, 
thank goodness, so where a cable com-pany can share with the FCC or an en-ergy company can go to the Depart-ment of Energy or FERC, other busi-nesses are forced to go to the DHS por-tal. Good examples are retailers such as JCPenney, Walmart, Target, and Home Depot. 
When the trade associations for two 
victims of the biggest cyber attacks in recent memory—Target and Home Depot—are pleading for this language, we should take notice and incorporate it. Anything else would be unfair, in-equitable, and unwise. 
We ought to give these companies an 
alternative to the DHS portal. One simple reason is that nobody knows what the portal will look like, how it will function, or how much it will cost companies to interact with it. The Fed-eral Government, after all, doesn’t have the best track record for design-ing and deploying IT systems. Healthcare.gov was not exactly a re-sounding success. One could easily imagine a company trying to share a cyber threat indicator and getting an error message from the portal, just as millions of Americans received when they tried to sign up for ObamaCare. 
In this case, regulated businesses can 
just go to their regulator. Private and small businesses will be out of luck, though. This is the primary reason my amendment has such strong private support. Organizations such as the Na-tional Retail Federation, the chamber of commerce, the National Cable & Telecommunications Association, and many others support this commonsense amendment. 
The second main reason that entities 
should be able to share directly with the FBI and the Secret Service is that the bill is about promoting collabora-tion between the government and the private sector, as the National Secu-rity Council says that we should in this tweet: ‘‘More than any other national security topic, effective cybersecurity requires the US gov’t & private sector to work together.’’ I agree. 
As Director Comey recently told the 
Senate Intelligence Committee, the FBI has redoubled its efforts to reach out to private businesses in this area. This has paid dividends. And there is no entity in the Federal Government that the private sector trusts more on cyber security than the FBI. That is why Sony Pictures called the FBI when it was hacked by North Koreans last year. 
I also have to imagine that is the 
main reason the White House endorsed my amendment over the weekend when they sent out this very helpful tweet: ‘‘If you are a victim of a major cyber incident, a call to @FBI, @SecretService, or @DHSgov is a call to all.’’ My goodness, Susan Rice and I stand together in agreement that if you are a victim of a cyber incident, you should be able to call the FBI, the Secret Service, or the DHS. I thank the National Security Advisor and the White House for their support for the 
concept behind my amendment. 
I would also like to take a few mo-
ments to dispel a few myths about this amendment. The first myth is that the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act creates a single portal at DHS for li-ability-protected information sharing with the Federal Government and that the Cotton amendment would create an unprecedented second channel. 
This is false. The bill authorizes mul-
tiple liability-protected sharing chan-nels with the Federal Government, not just one, through a broad exception to the DHS portal that permits certain regulated businesses to engage in li-ability-protected sharing of cyber threat information directly with any Federal regulators without requiring that it first pass through DHS. The Cotton amendment simply provides the same flexibility for businesses that al-ready have established threat-sharing relationships with the FBI or the Se-cret Service to maintain their existing channels for sharing and not incur sig-nificant costs and delays to establish new ones with DHS. My amendment is consistent with this multichannel sharing approach. 
The second myth is that my amend-
ment would harm privacy as it would allow the sharing of cyber threat indi-cators with the FBI and the Secret Service and that the sharing with these agencies wouldn’t happen under the bill in its current form. 
This is also false. Under the current 
version of the bill, if an entity shares information through the DHS portal, the FBI and Secret Service will receive it. My amendment doesn’t change that or the privacy protections in the bill. Both with and without my amendment, the FBI and Secret Service will get cyber threat indicators. 
The third myth is that the scrub DHS 
would have to conduct for personally identifiable information is not as rig-orous under my amendment. 
Again, this is not true. The Cyberse-
curity Information Sharing Act re-quires all Federal entities receiving threat indicators to protect privacy by removing personal information that may still be contained in them before sharing with other entities. My amend-ment does not eliminate or weaken any of the bill’s privacy requirements, as the FBI and Secret Service are re-quired to protect privacy in the same way all other Federal entities receiv-ing threat indicators. 
Finally, I simply want to note that 
the House-passed version of the bill contains a nearly identical provision, and that bill passed with overwhelming bipartisan support on a 307-to-116 vote. 
To sum up, the Cotton amendment 
has overwhelming support in the pri-vate sector, including companies that have been victims of cyber crimes. It would lead to greater information shar-ing between the private sector and the Federal Government. It preserves the privacy protections in the bill. When it was included in the House bill, both 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.047 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7520 October 27, 2015 
Republicans and Democrats voted yes. 
I therefore ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, what is the 
order of business? 
AMENDMENT NO . 2552, AS FURTHER MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question occurs on amendment No. 2552, as further modified, offered by the Senator from Delaware, Mr. C
OONS . 
The Senator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
wish to speak and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on amendment No. 2552, known as the Coons amendment. 
This amendment essentially adds an-
other layer of review to the bill’s cur-rent requirements. We worked this out in an earlier amendment with Senator C
ARPER . This amendment goes further, 
and it could prevent parts of the gov-ernment from quickly learning about cyber threats at machine speed because it would require an additional privacy review for any information going through the DHS portal. 
The Carper amendment that I spoke 
about was adopted as part of the man-agers’ package, which made clear that the government should take automated steps to ensure that the real-time in-formation sharing system can both protect privacy and allow for sharing at the speed necessary to stop cyber threats. Because the Coons amendment will slow down sharing via the DHS portal, I ask my colleagues to join me in voting no. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to urge my colleagues to support my amendment to make sure that this bill strikes the right balance between privacy and security. 
I respect the very hard work of Sen-
ators B
URRand F EINSTEIN and the con-
structive amendment that my senior Senator T
OMCARPER added to the man-
agers’ amendment. I do believe this bill has made significant movement in the right direction. But I remain con-cerned, and my amendment’s purpose is to require that DHS review all cyber threat indicators it receives and to re-move personally identifying informa-tion by the most efficient means prac-ticable. It would not necessarily—ac-cording to the amendment in the man-agers’ package—be required that DHS scrub, unless multiple agency heads unanimously agree on the scrubbing process. My amendment’s purpose is to simply ensure that these privacy scrubs—done at machine speed, done in 
a responsible way—protect citizen pri-vacy and our security. I don’t think we should be forced to choose between those two. 
I urge my colleagues to support my 
amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question occurs on agreeing to amend-ment No. 2552, as further modified. 
Mr. BURR. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P AUL), the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and 
the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V IT-
TER). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
AYOTTE ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 41, 
nays 54, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 289 Leg.] 
YEAS—41 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Coons Daines Durbin Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heller Hirono Klobuchar Leahy Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Udall Warren Wyden 
NAYS—54 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Donnelly Enzi 
Ernst Feinstein Fischer Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Lankford Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell 
Mikulski Nelson Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Whitehouse Wicker 
NOT VOTING—5 
Cruz Graham Paul 
Rubio Vitter 
The amendment (No. 2552), as further 
modified, was rejected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the cloture motion on S. 754 be withdrawn; that prior to the vote on adoption of the Burr-Feinstein substitute amendment, the managers’ amendment at the desk be agreed to; and that following adop-tion of the substitute, the bill be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage of the bill, as under the pre-vious order. I further ask that notwith-
standing adoption, the Flake amend-ment No. 2582 be modified with the technical change at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2582), as further 
modified, is as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 408. EFFECTIVE PERIOD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be in effect during the 10-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—With respect to any action 
authorized by this Act or information ob-tained pursuant to an action authorized by this Act, which occurred before the date on which the provisions referred to in sub-section (a) cease to have effect, the provi-sions of this Act shall continue in effect. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2581, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question occurs on amendment No. 2581, as modified, offered by the Senator from Arkansas, Mr. C
OTTON . 
The Senator from Arkansas. Mr. COTTON. Madam President, I 
support this important bill, but I want to strengthen it. 
Under the bill, a business receives li-
ability protection by reporting threats to DHS or its regulatory agency, but many businesses, especially retailers like Target or Home Depot, don’t have a regulator; thus, they must report to DHS. They have no choice. They must report to DHS even if they have long-standing ties to the FBI, as did Sony Pictures. 
I contend that we should allow these 
businesses to choose between the DHS, FBI, and Secret Service. Fortunately, the White House appears to agree with my position. The National Security Council tweeted over the weekend: ‘‘If you are a victim of a major cyber inci-dent, a call to @FBI, @SecretService, or @DHSgov is a call to all.’’ 
This amendment wouldn’t undermine 
the single-point-of-reporting concept behind this bill because there is al-ready an exception for the regulators, nor would it impair privacy rights be-cause those rules apply to the FBI. 
Finally, I would note that the House- 
passed version of this bill includes a nearly identical provision, and that got 307 votes. 
Let’s join together in a bipartisan 
fashion, adopt this amendment, and strengthen the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, we are 
almost at the end. This is the last amendment. 
Unfortunately, I rise to ask my col-
leagues to vote against the amendment of not only my colleague but a member of the Intelligence Committee. This is a deal-killer. I will be very honest. This kills the deal. One of the thresholds that we had to reach was the balance to have one portal that the informa-tion goes through. This creates a new 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.054 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7521 October 27, 2015 
portal. The White House is not in favor 
of it. Downtown is not in favor of it be-cause they understand what it does. 
We are this close right now to a vol-
untary information sharing bill. I can assure you that this is the first step. We have a ways to go. But if you want to stop it dead in its tracks, support this amendment. If, in fact, you want to get this across the goal line, then I would ask you to defeat the Cotton amendment and let us move to passage of this bill. Let us go to conference with the House. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment, as modified. 
Mr. BURR. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P AUL), the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and 
the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V IT-
TER). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 22, 
nays 73, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 290 Leg.] 
YEAS—22 
Boozman 
Capito Cornyn Cotton Fischer Grassley Inhofe Isakson Kirk 
Lankford McCain McConnell Perdue Portman Rounds Sasse Scott 
Sessions Shelby Thune Toomey Whitehouse 
NAYS—73 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi 
Ernst Feinstein Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Johnson Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran 
Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Risch Roberts Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Tillis Udall Warner Warren Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Cruz 
Graham Paul 
Rubio Vitter 
The amendment (No. 2581), as modi-
fied, was rejected. 
Mr. COTTON. I yield back all time. AMENDMENT NO . 2749 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2716 
(Purpose: To improve the substitute 
amendment) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the managers’ amendment, No. 2749, is agreed to. 
The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’ 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2716, AS AMENDED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the sub-stitute amendment No. 2716, as amend-ed. 
The amendment (No. 2716), as amend-
ed, was agreed to. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
for a third reading and was read the third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, I ask 
my colleagues for just the next 2 min-utes to allow Senator F
EINSTEIN and 
me to thank our colleagues for their help over the last several days as we have worked through the cyber bill. 
I thank my vice chairman, who has 
been beside me all the way, and I thank Chairman J
OHNSON and Ranking Mem-
ber C ARPER for the input they provided. 
I want to say to committee staff who 
has worked night and day to get us to this point and to members of the com-mittee who worked diligently for months to get this legislation enacted that I could not have done it without you. 
Now the work begins as we go to con-
ference. 
I turn to the vice chairman. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I thank you very 
much. 
Madam President, I just want to say 
a personal word to Chairman B
URR, and 
maybe it is to everyone in this body. One of the things I have learned from two prior cyber bills is that if you real-ly want to get a bill done, it has to be bipartisan, particularly a bill that is technical, difficult, and hard to put to-gether, and a bill where often there are two sides. I thank you for recognizing this. We stood shoulder to shoulder and the right things happened, and now we can go to conference. 
I also want to say that we did every-
thing in this bill we possibly could to satisfy what were legitimate privacy concerns. The managers’ package had 14 such amendments, and before that our staffs sat down with a number of proposals from Senators and went over literally dozens of additional amend-ments. So we took what we could. 
When the chairman talks about the 
balance, what he means is that this is the first time the chamber of com-merce has supported a bipartisan bill. This is the first time we had virtually all the big employers—banks and re-tailers and other companies—sup-porting a bipartisan bill because today everybody understands what the prob-lem of cybersecurity is much greater. So we stood shoulder to shoulder, and you all responded, and I am very grate-ful. 
There is still a lot of work to be 
done, but, Mr. Chairman, you and your staff have been terrific. I would like to 
single a couple of them out, if I might, in particular, Chris Joyner, Michael Geffroy, Jack Livingston, Janet Fish-er, John Matchison, and Walter Weiss. 
I also want to thank T
OMCARPER , 
who has been working to get this bill passed as much as anyone. He wrote one of the key changes in the man-agers’ package to improve privacy as information moves through the DHS portal. He was supported by his chair-man, Senator J
OHNSON . He has been a 
close partner throughout the process, and I thank him. 
I also thank Gabbie Batkin, Matt 
Grote, and the other members of Sen-ator C
ARPER ’s staff. 
We had incredible support from our 
committee. It is a committee of 15—8 Republicans and 7 Democrats. I thank Senator C
OLLINS , who was particularly 
concerned about the critical infrastruc-ture of this country, as well as Sen-ators M
IKULSKI , W HITEHOUSE , K ING, 
WARNER , HEINRICH , BLUNT , NELSON , and 
COATS . I know they will help us push 
this bill forward as we go to conference with the House. 
I greatly appreciate the supporters of 
this bill outside the Senate, to include the U.S. chamber of commerce and the associations that have endorsed this bill, tech companies like IBM and Ora-cle, Secretary Jeh Johnson at the De-partment of Homeland Security, and NSA Directors Keith Alexander and M
IKEROGERS , and Lisa Monaco and Mi-
chael Daniel at the White House. 
On my staff, I would like to thank 
David Grannis, our staff director on the minority side. David has been there for these previous cyber bills, and it has proven to be a very difficult issue. David, you are a 10. 
I also thank Josh Alexander. Josh 
has been our lead drafter and nego-tiator and knows these cyber issues better than anyone. He has been tire-less on reaching agreement after agree-ment on this bill, and is, as much as anybody, responsible for today’s vote. 
I would also like to thank my former 
cyber staffer Andy Grotto, as well as Mike Buchwald, Brett Freedman, Nate Adler, and Nick Basciano. Thank you all so very much. 
Finally, I very much appreciate the 
work done by Ayesha Khanna in the Democratic leader’s office and Jeffrey Ratner at the White House. 
We have the administration behind 
the bill, we have the Department of Homeland Security behind the bill, and we have the editorial pages of the Washington Post and the Wall Street Journal, as well as the chamber of commerce, and most of the businesses of America. 
So, Mr. Chairman, you did a great 
job, and thank you from the bottom of my heart. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I just want to add my words of con-gratulation to Chairman B
URR and 
Ranking Member F EINSTEIN . This is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.057 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7522 October 27, 2015 
very complicated issue, as we all know. 
It has been around multiple Con-gresses, and it took their leadership and coordination and cooperation first to produce a 14-to-1 vote in the com-mittee and then this extraordinary success we have had out here on the floor. I know all of us are extremely proud of the great work you have done. 
Congratulations. We deeply appre-
ciate the contribution you have made to our country. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill 
having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? 
Mr. TILLIS. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P AUL), the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and 
the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V IT-
TER). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 74, 
nays 21, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 291 Leg.] 
YEAS—74 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Boxer Burr Cantwell Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Flake Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy 
Murray 
Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Whitehouse Wicker 
NAYS—21 
Baldwin 
Booker Brown Cardin Coons Crapo Daines Franken 
Heller Leahy Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Risch 
Sanders Sullivan Tester Udall Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Cruz Graham Paul 
Rubio Vitter 
The bill (S. 754), as amended, was 
passed, as follows: 
S. 754 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents of this Act is as fol-
lows: 
Sec. 1. Table of contents. TITLE I—CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING 
Sec. 101. Short title. 
Sec. 102. Definitions. Sec. 103. Sharing of information by the Fed-
eral Government. 
Sec. 104. Authorizations for preventing, de-
tecting, analyzing, and miti-gating cybersecurity threats. 
Sec. 105. Sharing of cyber threat indicators 
and defensive measures with the Federal Government. 
Sec. 106. Protection from liability. Sec. 107. Oversight of Government activi-
ties. 
Sec. 108. Construction and preemption. Sec. 109. Report on cybersecurity threats. Sec. 110. Conforming amendment. 
TITLE II—FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY 
ENHANCEMENT 
Sec. 201. Short title. 
Sec. 202. Definitions. Sec. 203. Improved Federal network secu-
rity. 
Sec. 204. Advanced internal defenses. Sec. 205. Federal cybersecurity require-
ments. 
Sec. 206. Assessment; reports. Sec. 207. Termination. Sec. 208. Identification of information sys-
tems relating to national secu-rity. 
Sec. 209. Direction to agencies. 
TITLE III—FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY 
WORKFORCE ASSESSMENT 
Sec. 301. Short title. 
Sec. 302. Definitions. Sec. 303. National cybersecurity workforce 
measurement initiative. 
Sec. 304. Identification of cyber-related roles 
of critical need. 
Sec. 305. Government Accountability Office 
status reports. 
TITLE IV—OTHER CYBER MATTERS 
Sec. 401. Study on mobile device security. 
Sec. 402. Department of State international 
cyberspace policy strategy. 
Sec. 403. Apprehension and prosecution of 
international cyber criminals. 
Sec. 404. Enhancement of emergency serv-
ices. 
Sec. 405. Improving cybersecurity in the 
health care industry. 
Sec. 406. Federal computer security. Sec. 407. Strategy to protect critical infra-
structure at greatest risk. 
Sec. 408. Stopping the fraudulent sale of fi-
nancial information of people of the United States. 
Sec. 409. Effective period. 
TITLE I—CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Cybersecu-
rity Information Sharing Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 102. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. 
(2) A
NTITRUST LAWS .—The term ‘‘antitrust 
laws’’— 
(A) has the meaning given the term in sec-
tion 1 of the Clayton Act (15 U.S.C. 12); 
(B) includes section 5 of the Federal Trade 
Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 45) to the extent that section 5 of that Act applies to unfair methods of competition; and 
(C) includes any State law that has the 
same intent and effect as the laws under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B). 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL ENTITIES .—The 
term ‘‘appropriate Federal entities’’ means the following: 
(A) The Department of Commerce. (B) The Department of Defense. 
(C) The Department of Energy. (D) The Department of Homeland Security. (E) The Department of Justice. (F) The Department of the Treasury. (G) The Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence. 
(4) C
YBERSECURITY PURPOSE .—The term 
‘‘cybersecurity purpose’’ means the purpose of protecting an information system or infor-mation that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system from a cy-bersecurity threat or security vulnerability. 
(5) C
YBERSECURITY THREAT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘cybersecurity threat’’ means an action, not protected by the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, on or through an informa-tion system that may result in an unauthor-ized effort to adversely impact the security, 
availability, confidentiality, or integrity of an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘cybersecurity 
threat’’ does not include any action that solely involves a violation of a consumer term of service or a consumer licensing agreement. 
(6) C
YBER THREAT INDICATOR .—The term 
‘‘cyber threat indicator’’ means information that is necessary to describe or identify— 
(A) malicious reconnaissance, including 
anomalous patterns of communications that appear to be transmitted for the purpose of gathering technical information related to a cybersecurity threat or security vulner-ability; 
(B) a method of defeating a security con-
trol or exploitation of a security vulner-ability; 
(C) a security vulnerability, including 
anomalous activity that appears to indicate the existence of a security vulnerability; 
(D) a method of causing a user with legiti-
mate access to an information system or in-formation that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system to unwit-tingly enable the defeat of a security control or exploitation of a security vulnerability; 
(E) malicious cyber command and control; (F) the actual or potential harm caused by 
an incident, including a description of the in-formation exfiltrated as a result of a par-ticular cybersecurity threat; 
(G) any other attribute of a cybersecurity 
threat, if disclosure of such attribute is not otherwise prohibited by law; or 
(H) any combination thereof. (7) D
EFENSIVE MEASURE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘defensive meas-ure’’ means an action, device, procedure, sig-nature, technique, or other measure applied to an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system that detects, pre-vents, or mitigates a known or suspected cy-bersecurity threat or security vulnerability. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘defensive meas-
ure’’ does not include a measure that de-stroys, renders unusable, provides unauthor-ized access to, or substantially harms an in-formation system or data on an information system not belonging to— 
(i) the private entity operating the meas-
ure; or 
(ii) another entity or Federal entity that is 
authorized to provide consent and has pro-vided consent to that private entity for oper-ation of such measure. 
(8) E
NTITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this paragraph, the term ‘‘entity’’ means any private entity, non-Federal gov-ernment agency or department, or State, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.065 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7523 October 27, 2015 
tribal, or local government (including a po-
litical subdivision, department, or compo-nent thereof). 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘entity’’ in-
cludes a government agency or department of the District of Columbia, the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Northern Mar-iana Islands, and any other territory or pos-session of the United States. 
(C) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘entity’’ does 
not include a foreign power as defined in sec-tion 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
(9) F
EDERAL ENTITY .—The term ‘‘Federal 
entity’’ means a department or agency of the United States or any component of such de-partment or agency. 
(10) I
NFORMATION SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘in-
formation system’’— 
(A) has the meaning given the term in sec-
tion 3502 of title 44, United States Code; and 
(B) includes industrial control systems, 
such as supervisory control and data acquisi-tion systems, distributed control systems, and programmable logic controllers. 
(11) L
OCAL GOVERNMENT .—The term ‘‘local 
government’’ means any borough, city, coun-ty, parish, town, township, village, or other political subdivision of a State. 
(12) M
ALICIOUS CYBER COMMAND AND CON -
TROL .—The term ‘‘malicious cyber command 
and control’’ means a method for unauthor-ized remote identification of, access to, or use of, an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(13) M
ALICIOUS RECONNAISSANCE .—The term 
‘‘malicious reconnaissance’’ means a method for actively probing or passively monitoring an information system for the purpose of dis-cerning security vulnerabilities of the infor-mation system, if such method is associated with a known or suspected cybersecurity threat. 
(14) M
ONITOR .—The term ‘‘monitor’’ means 
to acquire, identify, or scan, or to possess, 
information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(15) P
RIVATE ENTITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this paragraph, the term ‘‘private entity’’ means any person or private group, organization, proprietorship, partnership, trust, cooperative, corporation, or other commercial or nonprofit entity, including an officer, employee, or agent thereof. 
(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘‘private entity’’ 
includes a State, tribal, or local government performing electric or other utility services. 
(C) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘private entity’’ 
does not include a foreign power as defined in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
(16) S
ECURITY CONTROL .—The term ‘‘secu-
rity control’’ means the management, oper-ational, and technical controls used to pro-tect against an unauthorized effort to ad-versely affect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of an information system or its information. 
(17) S
ECURITY VULNERABILITY .—The term 
‘‘security vulnerability’’ means any at-tribute of hardware, software, process, or procedure that could enable or facilitate the defeat of a security control. 
(18) T
RIBAL .—The term ‘‘tribal’’ has the 
meaning given the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
SEC. 103. SHARING OF INFORMATION BY THE 
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Consistent with the pro-
tection of classified information, intel-ligence sources and methods, and privacy and civil liberties, the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, the Secretary of Defense, and the At-
torney General, in consultation with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, shall develop and promulgate procedures to facilitate and promote— 
(1) the timely sharing of classified cyber 
threat indicators in the possession of the Federal Government with cleared represent-atives of relevant entities; 
(2) the timely sharing with relevant enti-
ties of cyber threat indicators or informa-tion in the possession of the Federal Govern-ment that may be declassified and shared at an unclassified level; 
(3) the sharing with relevant entities, or 
the public if appropriate, of unclassified, in-cluding controlled unclassified, cyber threat indicators in the possession of the Federal Government; 
(4) the sharing with entities, if appro-
priate, of information in the possession of the Federal Government about cybersecurity threats to such entities to prevent or miti-gate adverse effects from such cybersecurity threats; and 
(5) the periodic sharing, through publica-
tion and targeted outreach, of cybersecurity best practices that are developed based on ongoing analysis of cyber threat indicators and information in possession of the Federal Government, with attention to accessibility and implementation challenges faced by small business concerns (as defined in sec-tion 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)). 
(b) D
EVELOPMENT OF PROCEDURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The procedures developed 
and promulgated under subsection (a) shall— 
(A) ensure the Federal Government has 
and maintains the capability to share cyber threat indicators in real time consistent with the protection of classified information; 
(B) incorporate, to the greatest extent 
practicable, existing processes and existing roles and responsibilities of Federal and non- Federal entities for information sharing by the Federal Government, including sector specific information sharing and analysis centers; 
(C) include procedures for notifying, in a 
timely manner, entities that have received a cyber threat indicator from a Federal entity under this title that is known or determined to be in error or in contravention of the re-quirements of this title or another provision of Federal law or policy of such error or con-travention; 
(D) include requirements for Federal enti-
ties sharing cyber threat indicators or defen-sive measures to implement and utilize secu-rity controls to protect against unauthorized access to or acquisition of such cyber threat indicators or defensive measures; 
(E) include procedures that require a Fed-
eral entity, prior to the sharing of a cyber threat indicator— 
(i) to review such cyber threat indicator to 
assess whether such cyber threat indicator contains any information that such Federal entity knows at the time of sharing to be personal information or information that identifies a specific person not directly re-lated to a cybersecurity threat and remove such information; or 
(ii) to implement and utilize a technical 
capability configured to remove any per-sonal information or information that iden-tifies a specific person not directly related to a cybersecurity threat; and 
(F) include procedures for notifying, in a 
timely manner, any United States person whose personal information is known or de-termined to have been shared by a Federal entity in violation of this Act. 
(2) C
OORDINATION .—In developing the proce-
dures required under this section, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of De-fense, and the Attorney General shall coordi-
nate with appropriate Federal entities, in-cluding the Small Business Administration and the National Laboratories (as defined in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801)), to ensure that effective proto-cols are implemented that will facilitate and promote the sharing of cyber threat indica-tors by the Federal Government in a timely manner. 
(c) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intel-ligence, in consultation with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, shall submit to Congress the procedures required by sub-section (a). 
SEC. 104. AUTHORIZATIONS FOR PREVENTING, 
DETECTING, ANALYZING, AND MITI-GATING CYBERSECURITY THREATS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION FOR MONITORING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, a private entity may, for cybersecurity purposes, monitor— 
(A) an information system of such private 
entity; 
(B) an information system of another enti-
ty, upon the authorization and written con-sent of such other entity; 
(C) an information system of a Federal en-
tity, upon the authorization and written con-sent of an authorized representative of the Federal entity; and 
(D) information that is stored on, proc-
essed by, or transiting an information sys-tem monitored by the private entity under this paragraph. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
(A) to authorize the monitoring of an in-
formation system, or the use of any informa-tion obtained through such monitoring, other than as provided in this title; or 
(B) to limit otherwise lawful activity. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION FOR OPERATION OF DE-
FENSIVE MEASURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, a private entity may, for cybersecurity purposes, operate a defen-sive measure that is applied to— 
(A) an information system of such private 
entity in order to protect the rights or prop-erty of the private entity; 
(B) an information system of another enti-
ty upon written consent of such entity for operation of such defensive measure to pro-tect the rights or property of such entity; and 
(C) an information system of a Federal en-
tity upon written consent of an authorized representative of such Federal entity for op-eration of such defensive measure to protect the rights or property of the Federal Govern-ment. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
(A) to authorize the use of a defensive 
measure other than as provided in this sub-section; or 
(B) to limit otherwise lawful activity. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION FOR SHARING OR RECEIV -
INGCYBER THREAT INDICATORS OR DEFENSIVE  
MEASURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2) and notwithstanding any other provision of law, an entity may, for a cyber-security purpose and consistent with the protection of classified information, share with, or receive from, any other entity or the Federal Government a cyber threat indi-cator or defensive measure. 
(2) L
AWFUL RESTRICTION .—An entity receiv-
ing a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure from another entity or Federal enti-ty shall comply with otherwise lawful re-strictions placed on the sharing or use of such cyber threat indicator or defensive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.031 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7524 October 27, 2015 
measure by the sharing entity or Federal en-
tity. 
(3) C ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
(A) to authorize the sharing or receiving of 
a cyber threat indicator or defensive meas-ure other than as provided in this sub-section; or 
(B) to limit otherwise lawful activity. 
(d) P
ROTECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION .— 
(1) S ECURITY OF INFORMATION .—An entity 
monitoring an information system, oper-ating a defensive measure, or providing or receiving a cyber threat indicator or defen-sive measure under this section shall imple-ment and utilize a security control to pro-tect against unauthorized access to or acqui-sition of such cyber threat indicator or de-fensive measure. 
(2) R
EMOVAL OF CERTAIN PERSONAL INFOR -
MATION .—An entity sharing a cyber threat 
indicator pursuant to this title shall, prior to such sharing— 
(A) review such cyber threat indicator to 
assess whether such cyber threat indicator contains any information that the entity knows at the time of sharing to be personal information or information that identifies a specific person not directly related to a cy-bersecurity threat and remove such informa-tion; or 
(B) implement and utilize a technical capa-
bility configured to remove any information contained within such indicator that the en-tity knows at the time of sharing to be per-sonal information or information that iden-tifies a specific person not directly related to a cybersecurity threat. 
(3) U
SE OF CYBER THREAT INDICATORS AND  
DEFENSIVE MEASURES BY ENTITIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with this 
title, a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure shared or received under this sec-tion may, for cybersecurity purposes— 
(i) be used by an entity to monitor or oper-
ate a defensive measure that is applied to— 
(I) an information system of the entity; or (II) an information system of another enti-
ty or a Federal entity upon the written con-sent of that other entity or that Federal en-tity; and 
(ii) be otherwise used, retained, and further 
shared by an entity subject to— 
(I) an otherwise lawful restriction placed 
by the sharing entity or Federal entity on such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure; or 
(II) an otherwise applicable provision of 
law. 
(B) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this para-
graph shall be construed to authorize the use of a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure other than as provided in this sec-tion. 
(4) U
SE OF CYBER THREAT INDICATORS BY  
STATE , TRIBAL , OR LOCAL GOVERNMENT .— 
(A) L AW ENFORCEMENT USE .— 
(i) P RIOR WRITTEN CONSENT .—Except as pro-
vided in clause (ii), a cyber threat indicator shared with a State, tribal, or local govern-ment under this section may, with the prior written consent of the entity sharing such indicator, be used by a State, tribal, or local government for the purpose of preventing, investigating, or prosecuting any of the of-fenses described in section 105(d)(5)(A)(vi). 
(ii) O
RAL CONSENT .—If exigent cir-
cumstances prevent obtaining written con-sent under clause (i), such consent may be provided orally with subsequent documenta-tion of the consent. 
(B) E
XEMPTION FROM DISCLOSURE .—A cyber 
threat indicator shared with a State, tribal, or local government under this section shall be— 
(i) deemed voluntarily shared information; 
and (ii) exempt from disclosure under any 
State, tribal, or local law requiring disclo-sure of information or records. 
(C) S
TATE , TRIBAL , AND LOCAL REGULATORY  
AUTHORITY .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), a cyber threat indicator or defen-sive measure shared with a State, tribal, or local government under this title shall not be directly used by any State, tribal, or local government to regulate, including an en-forcement action, the lawful activity of any entity, including an activity relating to monitoring, operating a defensive measure, or sharing of a cyber threat indicator. 
(ii) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY SPECIFICALLY  
RELATING TO PREVENTION OR MITIGATION OF  
CYBERSECURITY THREATS .—A cyber threat in-
dicator or defensive measure shared as de-scribed in clause (i) may, consistent with a State, tribal, or local government regulatory authority specifically relating to the preven-tion or mitigation of cybersecurity threats to information systems, inform the develop-ment or implementation of a regulation re-lating to such information systems. 
(e) A
NTITRUST EXEMPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-
tion 108(e), it shall not be considered a viola-tion of any provision of antitrust laws for 2 or more private entities to exchange or pro-vide a cyber threat indicator, or assistance relating to the prevention, investigation, or mitigation of a cybersecurity threat, for cy-bersecurity purposes under this title. 
(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—Paragraph (1) shall 
apply only to information that is exchanged or assistance provided in order to assist with— 
(A) facilitating the prevention, investiga-
tion, or mitigation of a cybersecurity threat to an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system; or 
(B) communicating or disclosing a cyber 
threat indicator to help prevent, investigate, or mitigate the effect of a cybersecurity threat to an information system or informa-tion that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
(f) N
ORIGHT OR BENEFIT .—The sharing of a 
cyber threat indicator with an entity under this title shall not create a right or benefit to similar information by such entity or any other entity. 
SEC. 105. SHARING OF CYBER THREAT INDICA-
TORS AND DEFENSIVE MEASURES WITH THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR POLICIES AND PROCE -
DURES .— 
(1) I NTERIM POLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, in coordination with the heads of the appro-priate Federal entities, develop and submit to Congress interim policies and procedures relating to the receipt of cyber threat indica-tors and defensive measures by the Federal Government. 
(2) F
INAL POLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, in coordination with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, promulgate final policies and procedures relating to the receipt of cyber threat indicators and defen-sive measures by the Federal Government. 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS CONCERNING POLICIES AND  
PROCEDURES .—Consistent with the guidelines 
required by subsection (b), the policies and procedures developed and promulgated under this subsection shall— 
(A) ensure that cyber threat indicators 
shared with the Federal Government by any entity pursuant to section 104(c) through the real-time process described in subsection (c) 
of this section— 
(i) are shared in an automated manner 
with all of the appropriate Federal entities; 
(ii) are only subject to a delay, modifica-
tion, or other action due to controls estab-lished for such real-time process that could impede real-time receipt by all of the appro-priate Federal entities when the delay, modi-fication, or other action is due to controls— 
(I) agreed upon unanimously by all of the 
heads of the appropriate Federal entities; 
(II) carried out before any of the appro-
priate Federal entities retains or uses the cyber threat indicators or defensive meas-ures; and 
(III) uniformly applied such that each of 
the appropriate Federal entities is subject to the same delay, modification, or other ac-tion; and 
(iii) may be provided to other Federal enti-
ties; 
(B) ensure that cyber threat indicators 
shared with the Federal Government by any entity pursuant to section 104 in a manner other than the real time process described in subsection (c) of this section— 
(i) are shared as quickly as operationally 
practicable with all of the appropriate Fed-eral entities; 
(ii) are not subject to any unnecessary 
delay, interference, or any other action that could impede receipt by all of the appro-priate Federal entities; and 
(iii) may be provided to other Federal enti-
ties; 
(C) consistent with this title, any other ap-
plicable provisions of law, and the fair infor-mation practice principles set forth in ap-pendix A of the document entitled ‘‘National Strategy for Trusted Identities in Cyber-space’’ and published by the President in April, 2011, govern the retention, use, and dissemination by the Federal Government of cyber threat indicators shared with the Fed-eral Government under this title, including the extent, if any, to which such cyber threat indicators may be used by the Federal Government; and 
(D) ensure there are— (i) audit capabilities; and (ii) appropriate sanctions in place for offi-
cers, employees, or agents of a Federal enti-ty who knowingly and willfully conduct ac-tivities under this title in an unauthorized manner. 
(4) G
UIDELINES FOR ENTITIES SHARING CYBER  
THREAT INDICATORS WITH FEDERAL GOVERN -
MENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall develop and make publicly available guidance to assist entities and promote sharing of cyber threat indica-tors with Federal entities under this title. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—The guidelines developed 
and made publicly available under subpara-graph (A) shall include guidance on the fol-
lowing: 
(i) Identification of types of information 
that would qualify as a cyber threat indi-cator under this title that would be unlikely to include personal information or informa-tion that identifies a specific person not di-rectly related to a cyber security threat. 
(ii) Identification of types of information 
protected under otherwise applicable privacy laws that are unlikely to be directly related to a cybersecurity threat. 
(iii) Such other matters as the Attorney 
General and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity consider appropriate for entities shar-ing cyber threat indicators with Federal en-tities under this title. 
(b) P
RIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.031 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7525 October 27, 2015 
(1) G UIDELINES OF ATTORNEY GENERAL .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with heads of the appro-priate Federal entities and in consultation with officers designated under section 1062 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1), develop, sub-mit to Congress, and make available to the public interim guidelines relating to privacy and civil liberties which shall govern the re-ceipt, retention, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity obtained in connection with activities au-thorized in this title. 
(2) F
INAL GUIDELINES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with heads of the appropriate Federal enti-ties and in consultation with officers des-ignated under section 1062 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1) and such private entities with industry expertise as the Attorney Gen-eral considers relevant, promulgate final guidelines relating to privacy and civil lib-erties which shall govern the receipt, reten-tion, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity obtained in connection with activities authorized in this title. 
(B) P
ERIODIC REVIEW .—The Attorney Gen-
eral shall, in coordination with heads of the appropriate Federal entities and in consulta-tion with officers and private entities de-scribed in subparagraph (A), periodically, but not less frequently than once every two years, review the guidelines promulgated under subparagraph (A). 
(3) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines required by 
paragraphs (1) and (2) shall, consistent with the need to protect information systems from cybersecurity threats and mitigate cy-bersecurity threats— 
(A) limit the effect on privacy and civil lib-
erties of activities by the Federal Govern-ment under this title; 
(B) limit the receipt, retention, use, and 
dissemination of cyber threat indicators con-taining personal information or information 
that identifies specific persons, including by establishing— 
(i) a process for the timely destruction of 
such information that is known not to be di-rectly related to uses authorized under this title; and 
(ii) specific limitations on the length of 
any period in which a cyber threat indicator may be retained; 
(C) include requirements to safeguard 
cyber threat indicators containing personal information or information that identifies specific persons from unauthorized access or acquisition, including appropriate sanctions for activities by officers, employees, or agents of the Federal Government in con-travention of such guidelines; 
(D) include procedures for notifying enti-
ties and Federal entities if information re-ceived pursuant to this section is known or determined by a Federal entity receiving such information not to constitute a cyber threat indicator; 
(E) protect the confidentiality of cyber 
threat indicators containing personal infor-mation or information that identifies spe-cific persons to the greatest extent prac-ticable and require recipients to be informed that such indicators may only be used for purposes authorized under this title; and 
(F) include steps that may be needed so 
that dissemination of cyber threat indicators is consistent with the protection of classified and other sensitive national security infor-mation. 
(c) C
APABILITY AND PROCESS WITHIN THE  
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in co-ordination with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, shall develop and imple-ment a capability and process within the De-partment of Homeland Security that— 
(A) shall accept from any entity in real 
time cyber threat indicators and defensive measures, pursuant to this section; 
(B) shall, upon submittal of the certifi-
cation under paragraph (2) that such capa-bility and process fully and effectively oper-ates as described in such paragraph, be the process by which the Federal Government re-ceives cyber threat indicators and defensive measures under this title that are shared by a private entity with the Federal Govern-ment through electronic mail or media, an interactive form on an Internet website, or a real time, automated process between infor-
mation systems except— 
(i) consistent with section 104, communica-
tions between a Federal entity and a private entity regarding a previously shared cyber threat indicator to describe the relevant cy-bersecurity threat or develop a defensive measure based on such cyber threat indi-cator; and 
(ii) communications by a regulated entity 
with such entity’s Federal regulatory au-thority regarding a cybersecurity threat; 
(C) ensures that all of the appropriate Fed-
eral entities receive in an automated manner such cyber threat indicators shared through the real-time process within the Department of Homeland Security; 
(D) is in compliance with the policies, pro-
cedures, and guidelines required by this sec-tion; and 
(E) does not limit or prohibit otherwise 
lawful disclosures of communications, records, or other information, including— 
(i) reporting of known or suspected crimi-
nal activity, by an entity to any other entity or a Federal entity; 
(ii) voluntary or legally compelled partici-
pation in a Federal investigation; and 
(iii) providing cyber threat indicators or 
defensive measures as part of a statutory or authorized contractual requirement. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 10 days 
prior to the implementation of the capa-bility and process required by paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, in consultation with the heads of the appro-priate Federal entities, certify to Congress whether such capability and process fully and effectively operates— 
(A) as the process by which the Federal 
Government receives from any entity a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure under this title; and 
(B) in accordance with the policies, proce-
dures, and guidelines developed under this section. 
(3) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND ACCESS .—The Sec-
retary of Homeland Security shall ensure there is public notice of, and access to, the capability and process developed and imple-mented under paragraph (1) so that— 
(A) any entity may share cyber threat in-
dicators and defensive measures through such process with the Federal Government; and 
(B) all of the appropriate Federal entities 
receive such cyber threat indicators and de-fensive measures in real time with receipt through the process within the Department of Homeland Security. 
(4) O
THER FEDERAL ENTITIES .—The process 
developed and implemented under paragraph (1) shall ensure that other Federal entities receive in a timely manner any cyber threat indicators and defensive measures shared with the Federal Government through such process. (5) R
EPORT ON DEVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMEN -
TATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to Congress a report on the develop-ment and implementation of the capability and process required by paragraph (1), in-cluding a description of such capability and process and the public notice of, and access to, such process. 
(B) C
LASSIFIED ANNEX .—The report re-
quired by subparagraph (A) shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(d) I
NFORMATION SHARED WITH OR PROVIDED  
TO THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .— 
(1) N O WAIVER OF PRIVILEGE OR PROTEC -
TION.—The provision of cyber threat indica-
tors and defensive measures to the Federal Government under this title shall not con-stitute a waiver of any applicable privilege or protection provided by law, including trade secret protection. 
(2) P
ROPRIETARY INFORMATION .—Consistent 
with section 104(c)(2), a cyber threat indi-cator or defensive measure provided by an entity to the Federal Government under this title shall be considered the commercial, fi-nancial, and proprietary information of such entity when so designated by the originating entity or a third party acting in accordance with the written authorization of the origi-nating entity. 
(3) E
XEMPTION FROM DISCLOSURE .—Cyber 
threat indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title shall be— 
(A) deemed voluntarily shared information 
and exempt from disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code, and any State, tribal, or local law requiring disclosure of in-formation or records; and 
(B) withheld, without discretion, from the 
public under section 552(b)(3)(B) of title 5, United States Code, and any State, tribal, or local provision of law requiring disclosure of information or records. 
(4) E
X PARTE COMMUNICATIONS .—The provi-
sion of a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure to the Federal Government under this title shall not be subject to a rule of any Federal agency or department or any judi-cial doctrine regarding ex parte communica-tions with a decision-making official. 
(5) D
ISCLOSURE , RETENTION , AND USE .— 
(A) A UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Cyber threat 
indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title may be disclosed to, retained by, and used by, consistent with otherwise applicable pro-visions of Federal law, any Federal agency or department, component, officer, employee, or agent of the Federal Government solely for— 
(i) a cybersecurity purpose; (ii) the purpose of identifying a cybersecu-
rity threat, including the source of such cy-bersecurity threat, or a security vulner-ability; 
(iii) the purpose of identifying a cybersecu-
rity threat involving the use of an informa-tion system by a foreign adversary or ter-rorist; 
(iv) the purpose of responding to, or other-
wise preventing or mitigating, an imminent threat of death, serious bodily harm, or seri-ous economic harm, including a terrorist act or a use of a weapon of mass destruction; 
(v) the purpose of responding to, or other-
wise preventing or mitigating, a serious threat to a minor, including sexual exploi-tation and threats to physical safety; or 
(vi) the purpose of preventing, inves-
tigating, disrupting, or prosecuting an of-fense arising out of a threat described in clause (iv) or any of the offenses listed in— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.031 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7526 October 27, 2015 
(I) sections 1028 through 1030 of title 18, 
United States Code (relating to fraud and identity theft); 
(II) chapter 37 of such title (relating to es-
pionage and censorship); and 
(III) chapter 90 of such title (relating to 
protection of trade secrets). 
(B) P
ROHIBITED ACTIVITIES .—Cyber threat 
indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title shall not be disclosed to, retained by, or used by any Federal agency or department for any use not permitted under subparagraph (A). 
(C) P
RIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES .—Cyber 
threat indicators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title shall be retained, used, and dis-seminated by the Federal Government— 
(i) in accordance with the policies, proce-
dures, and guidelines required by subsections (a) and (b); 
(ii) in a manner that protects from unau-
thorized use or disclosure any cyber threat indicators that may contain personal infor-mation or information that identifies spe-cific persons; and 
(iii) in a manner that protects the con-
fidentiality of cyber threat indicators con-taining personal information or information that identifies a specific person. 
(D) F
EDERAL REGULATORY AUTHORITY .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), cyber threat indicators and defen-
sive measures provided to the Federal Gov-ernment under this title shall not be directly used by any Federal, State, tribal, or local government to regulate, including an en-forcement action, the lawful activities of any entity, including activities relating to monitoring, operating defensive measures, or sharing cyber threat indicators. 
(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
(I) R EGULATORY AUTHORITY SPECIFICALLY  
RELATING TO PREVENTION OR MITIGATION OF  
CYBERSECURITY THREATS .—Cyber threat indi-
cators and defensive measures provided to the Federal Government under this title may, consistent with Federal or State regu-latory authority specifically relating to the prevention or mitigation of cybersecurity threats to information systems, inform the development or implementation of regula-tions relating to such information systems. 
(II) P
ROCEDURES DEVELOPED AND IMPLE -
MENTED UNDER THIS TITLE .—Clause (i) shall 
not apply to procedures developed and imple-mented under this title. 
SEC. 106. PROTECTION FROM LIABILITY. 
(a) M ONITORING OF INFORMATION SYSTEMS .— 
No cause of action shall lie or be maintained in any court against any private entity, and such action shall be promptly dismissed, for the monitoring of information systems and information under section 104(a) that is con-ducted in accordance with this title. 
(b) S
HARING OR RECEIPT OF CYBER THREAT  
INDICATORS .—No cause of action shall lie or 
be maintained in any court against any enti-ty, and such action shall be promptly dis-missed, for the sharing or receipt of cyber threat indicators or defensive measures under section 104(c) if— 
(1) such sharing or receipt is conducted in 
accordance with this title; and 
(2) in a case in which a cyber threat indi-
cator or defensive measure is shared with the Federal Government, the cyber threat indi-cator or defensive measure is shared in a manner that is consistent with section 105(c)(1)(B) and the sharing or receipt, as the case may be, occurs after the earlier of— 
(A) the date on which the interim policies 
and procedures are submitted to Congress under section 105(a)(1) and guidelines are submitted to Congress under section 105(b)(1); or 
(B) the date that is 60 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act. (c) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed— 
(1) to require dismissal of a cause of action 
against an entity that has engaged in gross negligence or willful misconduct in the course of conducting activities authorized by this title; or 
(2) to undermine or limit the availability 
of otherwise applicable common law or stat-utory defenses. 
SEC. 107. OVERSIGHT OF GOVERNMENT ACTIVI-
TIES. 
(a) B IENNIAL REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the heads of the appropriate Fed-eral entities shall jointly submit and the In-spector General of the Department of Home-land Security, the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Justice, the In-spector General of the Department of De-fense, and the Inspector General of the De-partment of Energy, in consultation with the Council of Inspectors General on Financial Oversight, shall jointly submit to Congress a detailed report concerning the implementa-tion of this title during— 
(A) in the case of the first report submitted 
under this paragraph, the most recent 1-year period; and 
(B) in the case of any subsequent report 
submitted under this paragraph, the most re-cent 2-year period. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall include, for the pe-riod covered by the report, the following: 
(A) An assessment of the sufficiency of the 
policies, procedures, and guidelines required by section 105 in ensuring that cyber threat indicators are shared effectively and respon-sibly within the Federal Government. 
(B) An evaluation of the effectiveness of 
real-time information sharing through the capability and process developed under sec-tion 105(c), including any impediments to such real-time sharing. 
(C) An assessment of the sufficiency of the 
procedures developed under section 103 in en-suring that cyber threat indicators in the possession of the Federal Government are shared in a timely and adequate manner with appropriate entities, or, if appropriate, are made publicly available. 
(D) An assessment of whether cyber threat 
indicators have been properly classified and an accounting of the number of security clearances authorized by the Federal Gov-ernment for the purposes of this title. 
(E) A review of the type of cyber threat in-
dicators shared with the appropriate Federal entities under this title, including the fol-lowing: 
(i) The number of cyber threat indicators 
received through the capability and process developed under section 105(c). 
(ii) The number of times that information 
shared under this title was used by a Federal entity to prosecute an offense consistent with section 105(d)(5)(A). 
(iii) The degree to which such information 
may affect the privacy and civil liberties of specific persons. 
(iv) A quantitative and qualitative assess-
ment of the effect of the sharing of such cyber threat indicators with the Federal Government on privacy and civil liberties of specific persons, including the number of no-tices that were issued with respect to a fail-ure to remove personal information or infor-mation that identified a specific person not directly related to a cybersecurity threat in accordance with the procedures required by section 105(b)(3)(D). 
(v) The adequacy of any steps taken by the 
Federal Government to reduce such effect. (F) A review of actions taken by the Fed-
eral Government based on cyber threat indi-cators shared with the Federal Government under this title, including the appropriate-ness of any subsequent use or dissemination of such cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity under section 105. 
(G) A description of any significant viola-
tions of the requirements of this title by the Federal Government. 
(H) A summary of the number and type of 
entities that received classified cyber threat indicators from the Federal Government under this title and an evaluation of the risks and benefits of sharing such cyber threat indicators. 
(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Each report sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) may include rec-ommendations for improvements or modi-fications to the authorities and processes under this title. 
(4) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required 
by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(b) R
EPORTS ON PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIB-
ERTIES .— 
(1) B IENNIAL REPORT FROM PRIVACY AND  
CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board shall submit to Congress and the President a report pro-viding— 
(A) an assessment of the effect on privacy 
and civil liberties by the type of activities carried out under this title; and 
(B) an assessment of the sufficiency of the 
policies, procedures, and guidelines estab-lished pursuant to section 105 in addressing concerns relating to privacy and civil lib-erties. 
(2) B
IENNIAL REPORT OF INSPECTORS GEN -
ERAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security, the Inspector General of the Intelligence Com-munity, the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Justice, the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, and the Inspector General of the Department of Energy shall, in consultation with the Council of Inspec-tors General on Financial Oversight, jointly submit to Congress a report on the receipt, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indi-cators and defensive measures that have been shared with Federal entities under this title. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted 
under subparagraph (A) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(i) A review of the types of cyber threat in-
dicators shared with Federal entities. 
(ii) A review of the actions taken by Fed-
eral entities as a result of the receipt of such cyber threat indicators. 
(iii) A list of Federal entities receiving 
such cyber threat indicators. 
(iv) A review of the sharing of such cyber 
threat indicators among Federal entities to identify inappropriate barriers to sharing in-formation. 
(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Each report sub-
mitted under this subsection may include such recommendations as the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, with respect to a report submitted under paragraph (1), or the Inspectors General referred to in para-graph (2)(A), with respect to a report sub-mitted under paragraph (2), may have for im-provements or modifications to the authori-ties under this title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.031 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7527 October 27, 2015 
(4) F ORM.—Each report required under this 
subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 108. CONSTRUCTION AND PREEMPTION. 
(a) O THERWISE LAWFUL DISCLOSURES .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed— 
(1) to limit or prohibit otherwise lawful 
disclosures of communications, records, or other information, including reporting of known or suspected criminal activity, by an entity to any other entity or the Federal Government under this title; or 
(2) to limit or prohibit otherwise lawful use 
of such disclosures by any Federal entity, even when such otherwise lawful disclosures duplicate or replicate disclosures made under this title. 
(b) W
HISTLE BLOWER PROTECTIONS .—Noth-
ing in this title shall be construed to pro-hibit or limit the disclosure of information protected under section 2302(b)(8) of title 5, United States Code (governing disclosures of illegality, waste, fraud, abuse, or public health or safety threats), section 7211 of title 5, United States Code (governing disclosures to Congress), section 1034 of title 10, United States Code (governing disclosure to Con-gress by members of the military), section 1104 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3234) (governing disclosure by employ-ees of elements of the intelligence commu-nity), or any similar provision of Federal or State law. 
(c) P
ROTECTION OF SOURCES AND METH-
ODS.—Nothing in this title shall be con-
strued— 
(1) as creating any immunity against, or 
otherwise affecting, any action brought by the Federal Government, or any agency or department thereof, to enforce any law, ex-ecutive order, or procedure governing the ap-propriate handling, disclosure, or use of clas-sified information; 
(2) to affect the conduct of authorized law 
enforcement or intelligence activities; or 
(3) to modify the authority of a depart-
ment or agency of the Federal Government to protect classified information and sources and methods and the national security of the United States. 
(d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAWS.—Noth-
ing in this title shall be construed to affect any requirement under any other provision of law for an entity to provide information to the Federal Government. 
(e) P
ROHIBITED CONDUCT .—Nothing in this 
title shall be construed to permit price-fix-ing, allocating a market between competi-tors, monopolizing or attempting to monopo-lize a market, boycotting, or exchanges of price or cost information, customer lists, or information regarding future competitive planning. 
(f) I
NFORMATION SHARING RELATIONSHIPS .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed— 
(1) to limit or modify an existing informa-
tion sharing relationship; 
(2) to prohibit a new information sharing 
relationship; 
(3) to require a new information sharing re-
lationship between any entity and another entity or a Federal entity; or 
(4) to require the use of the capability and 
process within the Department of Homeland Security developed under section 105(c). 
(g) P
RESERVATION OF CONTRACTUAL OBLIGA -
TIONS AND RIGHTS .—Nothing in this title 
shall be construed— 
(1) to amend, repeal, or supersede any cur-
rent or future contractual agreement, terms of service agreement, or other contractual relationship between any entities, or be-tween any entity and a Federal entity; or 
(2) to abrogate trade secret or intellectual 
property rights of any entity or Federal enti-ty. 
(h) A
NTI-TASKING RESTRICTION .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed to permit a Fed-eral entity— (1) to require an entity to provide informa-
tion to a Federal entity or another entity; 
(2) to condition the sharing of cyber threat 
indicators with an entity on such entity’s provision of cyber threat indicators to a Fed-eral entity or another entity; or 
(3) to condition the award of any Federal 
grant, contract, or purchase on the provision of a cyber threat indicator to a Federal enti-ty or another entity. 
(i) N
OLIABILITY FOR NON-PARTICIPATION .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to subject any entity to liability for choosing not to engage in the voluntary activities au-thorized in this title. 
(j) U
SE AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to authorize, or to modify any existing author-ity of, a department or agency of the Federal Government to retain or use any informa-tion shared under this title for any use other than permitted in this title. 
(k) F
EDERAL PREEMPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—This title supersedes any 
statute or other provision of law of a State or political subdivision of a State that re-stricts or otherwise expressly regulates an activity authorized under this title. 
(2) S
TATE LAW ENFORCEMENT .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed to supersede any statute or other provision of law of a State or political subdivision of a State concerning the use of authorized law enforcement prac-tices and procedures. 
(l) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed— 
(1) to authorize the promulgation of any 
regulations not specifically authorized by this title; 
(2) to establish or limit any regulatory au-
thority not specifically established or lim-ited under this title; or 
(3) to authorize regulatory actions that 
would duplicate or conflict with regulatory requirements, mandatory standards, or re-lated processes under another provision of Federal law. 
(m) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE  
TORESPOND TO CYBER ATTACKS .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed to limit the au-thority of the Secretary of Defense to de-velop, prepare, coordinate, or, when author-ized by the President to do so, conduct a 
military cyber operation in response to a malicious cyber activity carried out against the United States or a United States person by a foreign government or an organization sponsored by a foreign government or a ter-rorist organization. 
SEC. 109. REPORT ON CYBERSECURITY THREATS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the heads of other appro-priate elements of the intelligence commu-nity, shall submit to the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report on cyber-security threats, including cyber attacks, theft, and data breaches. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the current intel-
ligence sharing and cooperation relation-ships of the United States with other coun-tries regarding cybersecurity threats, includ-ing cyber attacks, theft, and data breaches, directed against the United States and which threaten the United States national security interests and economy and intellectual prop-erty, specifically identifying the relative utility of such relationships, which elements of the intelligence community participate in such relationships, and whether and how such relationships could be improved. 
(2) A list and an assessment of the coun-
tries and nonstate actors that are the pri-mary threats of carrying out a cybersecurity 
threat, including a cyber attack, theft, or data breach, against the United States and which threaten the United States national security, economy, and intellectual prop-erty. 
(3) A description of the extent to which the 
capabilities of the United States Govern-ment to respond to or prevent cybersecurity threats, including cyber attacks, theft, or data breaches, directed against the United States private sector are degraded by a delay in the prompt notification by private enti-ties of such threats or cyber attacks, theft, and breaches. 
(4) An assessment of additional tech-
nologies or capabilities that would enhance the ability of the United States to prevent and to respond to cybersecurity threats, in-cluding cyber attacks, theft, and data breaches. 
(5) An assessment of any technologies or 
practices utilized by the private sector that could be rapidly fielded to assist the intel-ligence community in preventing and re-sponding to cybersecurity threats. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL REPORT .—At the time the 
report required by subsection (a) is sub-mitted, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-atives a report containing the information required by subsection (b)(2). 
(d) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required 
by subsection (a) shall be made available in classified and unclassified forms. 
(e) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘intelligence commu-nity’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
SEC. 110. CONFORMING AMENDMENT. 
Section 941(c)(3) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Pub-lic Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amend-ed by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘The Secretary may share such information with other Federal entities if such informa-tion consists of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures and such information is shared consistent with the policies and pro-cedures promulgated by the Attorney Gen-eral and the Secretary of Homeland Security under section 105 of the Cybersecurity Infor-mation Sharing Act of 2015.’’. 
TITLE II—FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY 
ENHANCEMENT 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Cy-
bersecurity Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 202. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code; 
(2) the term ‘‘agency information system’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 228 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a); 
(3) the term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
(4) the terms ‘‘cybersecurity risk’’ and ‘‘in-
formation system’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 227 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated by section 203(a); 
(5) the term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director 
of the Office of Management and Budget; 
(6) the term ‘‘intelligence community’’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.031 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7528 October 27, 2015 
(7) the term ‘‘national security system’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 11103 of title 40, United States Code; and 
(8) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 203. IMPROVED FEDERAL NETWORK SECU-
RITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title II of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 141 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating section 228 as section 
229; 
(2) by redesignating section 227 as sub-
section (c) of section 228, as added by para-graph (4), and adjusting the margins accord-ingly; 
(3) by redesignating the second section des-
ignated as section 226 (relating to the na-tional cybersecurity and communications in-tegration center) as section 227; 
(4) by inserting after section 227, as so re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘SEC. 228. CYBERSECURITY PLANS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘agency information system’ 
means an information system used or oper-ated by an agency or by another entity on behalf of an agency; 
‘‘(2) the terms ‘cybersecurity risk’ and ‘in-
formation system’ have the meanings given those terms in section 227; 
‘‘(3) the term ‘intelligence community’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)); and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘national security system’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 11103 of title 40, United States Code. 
‘‘(b) I
NTRUSION ASSESSMENT PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary, in co-
ordination with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall develop and implement an intrusion assessment plan to identify and remove intruders in agency in-formation systems. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The intrusion assessment 
plan required under paragraph (1) shall not apply to the Department of Defense, a na-tional security system, or an element of the intelligence community.’’; 
(5) in section 228(c), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘section 226’’ and inserting ‘‘section 227’’; and 
(6) by inserting after section 229, as so re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘SEC. 230. FEDERAL INTRUSION DETECTION AND 
PREVENTION SYSTEM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘agency information’ means 
information collected or maintained by or on behalf of an agency; 
‘‘(3) the term ‘agency information system’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 228; and 
‘‘(4) the terms ‘cybersecurity risk’ and ‘in-
formation system’ have the meanings given those terms in section 227. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall deploy, operate, and maintain, to make available for use by any agency, with or without reimbursement— 
‘‘(A) a capability to detect cybersecurity 
risks in network traffic transiting or trav-eling to or from an agency information sys-tem; and 
‘‘(B) a capability to prevent network traf-
fic associated with such cybersecurity risks from transiting or traveling to or from an agency information system or modify such network traffic to remove the cybersecurity risk. 
‘‘(2) R
EGULAR IMPROVEMENT .—The Sec-
retary shall regularly deploy new tech-nologies and modify existing technologies to 
the intrusion detection and prevention capa-bilities described in paragraph (1) as appro-priate to improve the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities. 
‘‘(c) A
CTIVITIES .—In carrying out sub-
section (b), the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) may access, and the head of an agency 
may disclose to the Secretary or a private entity providing assistance to the Secretary under paragraph (2), information transiting or traveling to or from an agency informa-tion system, regardless of the location from which the Secretary or a private entity pro-viding assistance to the Secretary under paragraph (2) accesses such information, not-withstanding any other provision of law that would otherwise restrict or prevent the head of an agency from disclosing such informa-tion to the Secretary or a private entity pro-viding assistance to the Secretary under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(2) may enter into contracts or other 
agreements with, or otherwise request and obtain the assistance of, private entities to deploy and operate technologies in accord-ance with subsection (b); 
‘‘(3) may retain, use, and disclose informa-
tion obtained through the conduct of activi-ties authorized under this section only to protect information and information sys-tems from cybersecurity risks; 
‘‘(4) shall regularly assess through oper-
ational test and evaluation in real world or simulated environments available advanced protective technologies to improve detection and prevention capabilities, including com-mercial and non-commercial technologies and detection technologies beyond signa-ture-based detection, and utilize such tech-nologies when appropriate; 
‘‘(5) shall establish a pilot to acquire, test, 
and deploy, as rapidly as possible, tech-nologies described in paragraph (4); 
‘‘(6) shall periodically update the privacy 
impact assessment required under section 208(b) of the E-Government Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note); and 
‘‘(7) shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) activities carried out under this sec-
tion are reasonably necessary for the pur-pose of protecting agency information and agency information systems from a cyberse-curity risk; 
‘‘(B) information accessed by the Secretary 
will be retained no longer than reasonably necessary for the purpose of protecting agen-cy information and agency information sys-tems from a cybersecurity risk; 
‘‘(C) notice has been provided to users of an 
agency information system concerning ac-cess to communications of users of the agen-cy information system for the purpose of protecting agency information and the agen-cy information system; and 
‘‘(D) the activities are implemented pursu-
ant to policies and procedures governing the operation of the intrusion detection and pre-vention capabilities. 
‘‘(d) P
RIVATE ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(1) C ONDITIONS .—A private entity de-
scribed in subsection (c)(2) may not— 
‘‘(A) disclose any network traffic 
transiting or traveling to or from an agency information system to any entity without the consent of the Department or the agency that disclosed the information under sub-section (c)(1); or 
‘‘(B) use any network traffic transiting or 
traveling to or from an agency information system to which the private entity gains ac-cess in accordance with this section for any purpose other than to protect agency infor-mation and agency information systems against cybersecurity risks or to administer a contract or other agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (c)(2) or as part of an-other contract with the Secretary. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—No cause of 
action shall lie in any court against a pri-vate entity for assistance provided to the Secretary in accordance with this section and any contract or agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (c)(2). 
‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (2) shall be construed to authorize an Internet service provider to break a user agreement with a customer without the con-sent of the customer. 
‘‘(e) A
TTORNEY GENERAL REVIEW .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Attorney General shall review the policies and guidelines for the program carried out under this section to en-sure that the policies and guidelines are con-sistent with applicable law governing the ac-quisition, interception, retention, use, and disclosure of communications.’’. 
(b) P
RIORITIZING ADVANCED SECURITY  
TOOLS.—The Director and the Secretary, in 
consultation with appropriate agencies, shall— 
(1) review and update governmentwide 
policies and programs to ensure appropriate prioritization and use of network security monitoring tools within agency networks; and 
(2) brief appropriate congressional commit-
tees on such prioritization and use. 
(c) A
GENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2)— 
(A) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act or 2 months after the date on which the Secretary makes available the intrusion detection and prevention capa-bilities under section 230(b)(1) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, as added by sub-section (a), whichever is later, the head of each agency shall apply and continue to uti-lize the capabilities to all information trav-eling between an agency information system and any information system other than an agency information system; and 
(B) not later than 6 months after the date 
on which the Secretary makes available im-provements to the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities pursuant to section 230(b)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a), the head of each agency shall apply and continue to uti-lize the improved intrusion detection and prevention capabilities. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements under 
paragraph (1) shall not apply to the Depart-ment of Defense, a national security system, or an element of the intelligence commu-nity. 
(3) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection only, 
the term ‘‘agency information system’’ means an information system owned or oper-ated by an agency. 
(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to limit an agency from applying the intrusion detec-tion and prevention capabilities under sec-tion 230(b)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a), at the dis-cretion of the head of the agency or as pro-vided in relevant policies, directives, and guidelines. 
(d) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents in section 1(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 note) is amended by striking the items relating to the first section designated as section 226, the second section designated as section 226 (relating to the national cybersecurity and communications integration center), section 227, and section 228 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘Sec. 226. Cybersecurity recruitment and re-
tention. 
‘‘Sec. 227. National cybersecurity and com-
munications integration center. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.031 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7529 October 27, 2015 
‘‘Sec. 228. Cybersecurity plans. 
‘‘Sec. 229. Clearances. ‘‘Sec. 230. Federal intrusion detection and 
prevention system.’’. 
SEC. 204. ADVANCED INTERNAL DEFENSES. 
(a) A DVANCED NETWORK SECURITY TOOLS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall in-
clude in the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation Program advanced network secu-rity tools to improve visibility of network activity, including through the use of com-mercial and free or open source tools, to de-tect and mitigate intrusions and anomalous activity. 
(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF PLAN .—The Director 
shall develop and implement a plan to ensure that each agency utilizes advanced network security tools, including those described in paragraph (1), to detect and mitigate intru-sions and anomalous activity. 
(b) I
MPROVED METRICS .—The Secretary, in 
collaboration with the Director, shall review and update the metrics used to measure se-curity under section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to include measures of intru-sion and incident detection and response times. 
(c) T
RANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY .— 
The Director, in consultation with the Sec-retary, shall increase transparency to the public on agency cybersecurity posture, in-cluding by increasing the number of metrics available on Federal Government perform-ance websites and, to the greatest extent practicable, displaying metrics for depart-ment components, small agencies, and micro agencies. 
(d) M
AINTENANCE OF TECHNOLOGIES .—Sec-
tion 3553(b)(6)(B) of title 44, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, operating, and maintaining’’ after ‘‘deploying’’. 
(e) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements under 
this section shall not apply to the Depart-ment of Defense, a national security system, or an element of the intelligence commu-nity. 
SEC. 205. FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF FEDERAL CYBERSE -
CURITY STANDARDS .—Consistent with section 
3553 of title 44, United States Code, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Director, shall exercise the authority to issue binding operational directives to assist the Director in ensuring timely agency adoption of and compliance with policies and standards pro-mulgated under section 11331 of title 40, United States Code, for securing agency in-formation systems. 
(b) C
YBERSECURITY REQUIREMENTS AT AGEN-
CIES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with policies, 
standards, guidelines, and directives on in-formation security under subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and the standards and guidelines promul-gated under section 11331 of title 40, United States Code, and except as provided in para-graph (2), not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each agency shall— 
(A) identify sensitive and mission critical 
data stored by the agency consistent with the inventory required under the first sub-section (c) (relating to the inventory of major information systems) and the second subsection (c) (relating to the inventory of information systems) of section 3505 of title 44, United States Code; 
(B) assess access controls to the data de-
scribed in subparagraph (A), the need for readily accessible storage of the data, and in-dividuals’ need to access the data; 
(C) encrypt or otherwise render indecipher-
able to unauthorized users the data described in subparagraph (A) that is stored on or transiting agency information systems; (D) implement a single sign-on trusted 
identity platform for individuals accessing each public website of the agency that re-quires user authentication, as developed by the Administrator of General Services in col-laboration with the Secretary; and 
(E) implement identity management con-
sistent with section 504 of the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 274; 15 U.S.C. 7464), including multi-factor authentication, for— 
(i) remote access to an agency information 
system; and 
(ii) each user account with elevated privi-
leges on an agency information system. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements under 
paragraph (1) shall not apply to an agency information system for which— 
(A) the head of the agency has personally 
certified to the Director with particularity that— 
(i) operational requirements articulated in 
the certification and related to the agency information system would make it exces-sively burdensome to implement the cyber-security requirement; 
(ii) the cybersecurity requirement is not 
necessary to secure the agency information system or agency information stored on or transiting it; and 
(iii) the agency has taken all necessary 
steps to secure the agency information sys-tem and agency information stored on or transiting it; and 
(B) the head of the agency or the designee 
of the head of the agency has submitted the certification described in subparagraph (A) to the appropriate congressional committees and the agency’s authorizing committees. 
(3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to alter the authority of the Secretary, the Director, or the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology in implementing subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code. Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect the National Institute of Standards and Technology standards process or the re-quirement under section 3553(a)(4) of such title or to discourage continued improve-ments and advancements in the technology, standards, policies, and guidelines used to promote Federal information security. 
(c) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements under 
this section shall not apply to the Depart-ment of Defense, a national security system, or an element of the intelligence commu-nity. 
SEC. 206. ASSESSMENT; REPORTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘intrusion assessments’’ 
means actions taken under the intrusion as-sessment plan to identify and remove intrud-ers in agency information systems; 
(2) the term ‘‘intrusion assessment plan’’ 
means the plan required under section 228(b)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act; and 
(3) the term ‘‘intrusion detection and pre-
vention capabilities’’ means the capabilities required under section 230(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act. 
(b) T
HIRD PARTY ASSESSMENT .—Not later 
than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Government Accountability Of-fice shall conduct a study and publish a re-port on the effectiveness of the approach and strategy of the Federal Government to se-curing agency information systems, includ-ing the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities and the intrusion assessment plan. 
(c) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I NTRUSION DETECTION AND PREVENTION  
CAPABILITIES .— (A) S ECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY RE -
PORT .—Not later than 6 months after the 
date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on the status of implementation of the intrusion detection and prevention capabili-ties, including— 
(i) a description of privacy controls; (ii) a description of the technologies and 
capabilities utilized to detect cybersecurity risks in network traffic, including the extent to which those technologies and capabilities include existing commercial and non-com-mercial technologies; 
(iii) a description of the technologies and 
capabilities utilized to prevent network traf-fic associated with cybersecurity risks from transiting or traveling to or from agency in-formation systems, including the extent to which those technologies and capabilities in-clude existing commercial and non-commer-cial technologies; 
(iv) a list of the types of indicators or 
other identifiers or techniques used to detect cybersecurity risks in network traffic transiting or traveling to or from agency in-formation systems on each iteration of the intrusion detection and prevention capabili-ties and the number of each such type of in-dicator, identifier, and technique; 
(v) the number of instances in which the 
intrusion detection and prevention capabili-ties detected a cybersecurity risk in network traffic transiting or traveling to or from agency information systems and the number of times the intrusion detection and preven-tion capabilities blocked network traffic as-sociated with cybersecurity risk; and 
(vi) a description of the pilot established 
under section 230(c)(5) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act, including the number of new tech-nologies tested and the number of partici-pating agencies. 
(B) OMB 
REPORT .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Director shall submit to Congress, as part of the re-port required under section 3553(c) of title 44, United States Code, an analysis of agency application of the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities, including— 
(i) a list of each agency and the degree to 
which each agency has applied the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities to an agency information system; and 
(ii) a list by agency of— (I) the number of instances in which the in-
trusion detection and prevention capabilities detected a cybersecurity risk in network 
traffic transiting or traveling to or from an agency information system and the types of indicators, identifiers, and techniques used to detect such cybersecurity risks; and 
(II) the number of instances in which the 
intrusion detection and prevention capabili-ties prevented network traffic associated with a cybersecurity risk from transiting or traveling to or from an agency information system and the types of indicators, identi-fiers, and techniques used to detect such agency information systems. 
(2) OMB 
REPORT ON DEVELOPMENT AND IM -
PLEMENTATION OF INTRUSION ASSESSMENT  
PLAN , ADVANCED INTERNAL DEFENSES , AND 
FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY BEST PRACTICES .— 
The Director shall— 
(A) not later than 6 months after the date 
of enactment of this Act, and 30 days after any update thereto, submit the intrusion as-sessment plan to the appropriate congres-sional committees; 
(B) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, and annually there-after, submit to Congress, as part of the re-port required under section 3553(c) of title 44, United States Code— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.031 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7530 October 27, 2015 
(i) a description of the implementation of 
the intrusion assessment plan; 
(ii) the findings of the intrusion assess-
ments conducted pursuant to the intrusion assessment plan; 
(iii) advanced network security tools in-
cluded in the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation Program pursuant to section 204(a)(1); 
(iv) the results of the assessment of the 
Secretary of best practices for Federal cy-bersecurity pursuant to section 205(a); and 
(v) a list by agency of compliance with the 
requirements of section 205(b); and 
(C) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, submit to the appro-priate congressional committees— 
(i) a copy of the plan developed pursuant to 
section 204(a)(2); and 
(ii) the improved metrics developed pursu-
ant to section 204(b). 
SEC. 207. TERMINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The authority provided 
under section 230 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act, and the reporting requirements under section 206(c) shall terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
subsection (a) shall be construed to affect the limitation of liability of a private entity for assistance provided to the Secretary under section 230(d)(2) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act, if such assistance was rendered be-fore the termination date under subsection (a) or otherwise during a period in which the assistance was authorized. 
SEC. 208. IDENTIFICATION OF INFORMATION SYS-
TEMS RELATING TO NATIONAL SE-CURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (c), not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act— 
(1) the Director of National Intelligence 
and the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, in coordination with the heads of other agencies, shall— 
(A) identify all unclassified information 
systems that provide access to information that may provide an adversary with the abil-ity to derive information that would other-wise be considered classified; 
(B) assess the risks that would result from 
the breach of each unclassified information system identified in subparagraph (A); and 
(C) assess the cost and impact on the mis-
sion carried out by each agency that owns an unclassified information system identified in subparagraph (A) if the system were to be subsequently designated as a national secu-rity system; and 
(2) the Director of National Intelligence 
and the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives a report that includes the findings under para-graph (1). 
(b) F
ORM.—The report submitted under 
subsection (a)(2) shall be in unclassified form, and shall include a classified annex. 
(c) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements under 
subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to the De-
partment of Defense, a national security sys-tem, or an element of the intelligence com-munity. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to designate an information system as a national security system. 
SEC. 209. DIRECTION TO AGENCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3553 of title 44, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) D
IRECTION TO AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), in response to a known or reasonably suspected information security threat, vul-nerability, or incident that represents a sub-stantial threat to the information security of an agency, the Secretary may issue an emergency directive to the head of an agency to take any lawful action with respect to the operation of the information system, includ-ing such systems used or operated by an-other entity on behalf of an agency, that col-lects, processes, stores, transmits, dissemi-nates, or otherwise maintains agency infor-mation, for the purpose of protecting the in-formation system from, or mitigating, an in-formation security threat. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The authorities of the 
Secretary under this subsection shall not apply to a system described subsection (d) or 
to a system described in paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (e). 
‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES FOR USE OF AUTHORITY .— 
The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) in coordination with the Director, es-
tablish procedures governing the cir-cumstances under which a directive may be issued under this subsection, which shall in-clude— 
‘‘(i) thresholds and other criteria; ‘‘(ii) privacy and civil liberties protections; 
and 
‘‘(iii) providing notice to potentially af-
fected third parties; 
‘‘(B) specify the reasons for the required 
action and the duration of the directive; 
‘‘(C) minimize the impact of a directive 
under this subsection by— 
‘‘(i) adopting the least intrusive means 
possible under the circumstances to secure the agency information systems; and 
‘‘(ii) limiting directives to the shortest pe-
riod practicable; 
‘‘(D) notify the Director and the head of 
any affected agency immediately upon the issuance of a directive under this subsection; 
‘‘(E) consult with the Director of the Na-
tional Institute of Standards and Technology regarding any directive under this sub-section that implements standards and guidelines developed by the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology; 
‘‘(F) ensure that directives issued under 
this subsection do not conflict with the standards and guidelines issued under sec-tion 11331 of title 40; 
‘‘(G) consider any applicable standards or 
guidelines developed by the National Insti-tute of Standards and issued by the Sec-retary of Commerce under section 11331 of title 40; and 
‘‘(H) not later than February 1 of each 
year, submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report regarding the specific actions the Secretary has taken pur-suant to paragraph (1)(A). 
‘‘(3) I
MMINENT THREATS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
3554, the Secretary may authorize the intru-sion detection and prevention capabilities under section 230(b)(1) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 for the purpose of ensuring the security of agency information systems, if— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary determines there is an 
imminent threat to agency information sys-tems; 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary determines a directive 
under subsection (b)(2)(C) or paragraph (1)(A) is not reasonably likely to result in a timely response to the threat; 
‘‘(iii) the Secretary determines the risk 
posed by the imminent threat outweighs any adverse consequences reasonably expected to result from the use of protective capabilities under the control of the Secretary; ‘‘(iv) the Secretary provides prior notice to 
the Director, and the head and chief informa-tion officer (or equivalent official) of each agency to which specific actions will be taken pursuant to subparagraph (A), and no-tifies the appropriate congressional commit-tees and authorizing committees of each such agencies within seven days of taking an action under this subsection of— 
‘‘(I) any action taken under this sub-
section; and 
‘‘(II) the reasons for and duration and na-
ture of the action; 
‘‘(v) the action of the Secretary is con-
sistent with applicable law; and 
‘‘(vi) the Secretary authorizes the use of 
protective capabilities in accordance with the advance procedures established under subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION .—The au-
thority under this subsection may not be delegated by the Secretary. 
‘‘(C) A
DVANCE PROCEDURES .—The Secretary 
shall, in coordination with the Director, and in consultation with the heads of Federal agencies, establish procedures governing the circumstances under which the Secretary may authorize the use of protective capabili-ties subparagraph (A). The Secretary shall submit the procedures to Congress. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may di-
rect or authorize lawful action or protective capability under this subsection only to— 
‘‘(A) protect agency information from un-
authorized access, use, disclosure, disrup-tion, modification, or destruction; or 
‘‘(B) require the remediation of or protect 
against identified information security risks with respect to— 
‘‘(i) information collected or maintained 
by or on behalf of an agency; or 
‘‘(ii) that portion of an information system 
used or operated by an agency or by a con-tractor of an agency or other organization on behalf of an agency. 
‘‘(i) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not 
later than February 1 of each year, the Di-rector shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report regarding the specific actions the Director has taken pur-suant to subsection (a)(5), including any ac-tions taken pursuant to section 11303(b)(5) of title 40. 
‘‘(j) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘ap-
propriate congressional committees’ means— 
‘‘(1) the Committee on Appropriations and 
the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
‘‘(2) the Committee on Appropriations, the 
Committee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
3554(a)(1)(B) of title 44, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) emergency directives issued by the 
Secretary under section 3553(h); and’’. 
TITLE III—FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY 
WORKFORCE ASSESSMENT 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Cy-
bersecurity Workforce Assessment Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 302. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.031 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7531 October 27, 2015 
(B) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
(C) the Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the Senate; 
(D) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; 
(E) the Committee on Armed Services in 
the House of Representatives; 
(F) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
(G) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-
ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; and 
(H) the Permanent Select Committee on 
Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(2) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means 
the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement. 
(3) R
OLES.—The term ‘‘roles’’ has the 
meaning given the term in the National Ini-tiative for Cybersecurity Education’s Cyber-security Workforce Framework. 
SEC. 303. NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY WORK-
FORCE MEASUREMENT INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The head of each Federal 
agency shall— 
(1) identify all positions within the agency 
that require the performance of cybersecu-rity or other cyber-related functions; and 
(2) assign the corresponding employment 
code, which shall be added to the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education’s Na-tional Cybersecurity Workforce Framework, in accordance with subsection (b). 
(b) E
MPLOYMENT CODES .— 
(1) P ROCEDURES .— 
(A) C ODING STRUCTURE .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the National Institute of Standards and Technology, shall update the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education’s Cy-bersecurity Workforce Framework to include a corresponding coding structure. 
(B) I
DENTIFICATION OF CIVILIAN CYBER PER -
SONNEL .—Not later than 9 months after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Director, in coordination with the Director of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology and the Director of National Intelligence, shall establish procedures to implement the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Edu-cation’s coding structure to identify all Fed-eral civilian positions that require the per-formance of information technology, cyber-security, or other cyber-related functions. 
(C) I
DENTIFICATION OF NONCIVILIAN CYBER  
PERSONNEL .—Not later than 18 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall establish procedures to implement the National Initiative for Cy-bersecurity Education’s coding structure to identify all Federal noncivilian positions that require the performance of information technology, cybersecurity, or other cyber-re-lated functions. 
(D) B
ASELINE ASSESSMENT OF EXISTING CY -
BERSECURITY WORKFORCE .—Not later than 3 
months after the date on which the proce-dures are developed under subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively, the head of each Fed-eral agency shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees of jurisdiction a report that identifies— 
(i) the percentage of personnel with infor-
mation technology, cybersecurity, or other cyber-related job functions who currently hold the appropriate industry-recognized certifications as identified in the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education’s Cy-bersecurity Workforce Framework; 
(ii) the level of preparedness of other civil-
ian and noncivilian cyber personnel without existing credentials to take certification exams; and 
(iii) a strategy for mitigating any gaps 
identified in clause (i) or (ii) with the appro-priate training and certification for existing 
personnel. 
(E) P
ROCEDURES FOR ASSIGNING CODES .—Not 
later than 3 months after the date on which the procedures are developed under subpara-graphs (B) and (C), respectively, the head of each Federal agency shall establish proce-
dures— 
(i) to identify all encumbered and vacant 
positions with information technology, cy-bersecurity, or other cyber-related functions (as defined in the National Initiative for Cy-bersecurity Education’s coding structure); and 
(ii) to assign the appropriate employment 
code to each such position, using agreed standards and definitions. 
(2) C
ODE ASSIGNMENTS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date after the procedures are established under paragraph (1)(E), the head of each Federal agency shall complete as-signment of the appropriate employment code to each position within the agency with information technology, cybersecurity, or other cyber-related functions. 
(c) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit a progress report on the implementation of this section to the appropriate congressional committees. 
SEC. 304. IDENTIFICATION OF CYBER-RELATED 
ROLES OF CRITICAL NEED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than 
1 year after the date on which the employ-ment codes are assigned to employees pursu-ant to section 203(b)(2), and annually through 2022, the head of each Federal agen-cy, in consultation with the Director, the Di-rector of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and the Secretary of Home-land Security, shall— 
(1) identify information technology, cyber-
security, or other cyber-related roles of crit-ical need in the agency’s workforce; and 
(2) submit a report to the Director that— (A) describes the information technology, 
cybersecurity, or other cyber-related roles identified under paragraph (1); and 
(B) substantiates the critical need designa-
tions. 
(b) G
UIDANCE .—The Director shall provide 
Federal agencies with timely guidance for identifying information technology, cyberse-curity, or other cyber-related roles of crit-ical need, including— 
(1) current information technology, cyber-
security, and other cyber-related roles with acute skill shortages; and 
(2) information technology, cybersecurity, 
or other cyber-related roles with emerging skill shortages. 
(c) C
YBERSECURITY NEEDS REPORT .—Not 
later than 2 years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Director, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, shall— 
(1) identify critical needs for information 
technology, cybersecurity, or other cyber-re-lated workforce across all Federal agencies; and 
(2) submit a progress report on the imple-
mentation of this section to the appropriate congressional committees. 
SEC. 305. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-
FICE STATUS REPORTS. 
The Comptroller General of the United 
States shall— 
(1) analyze and monitor the implementa-
tion of sections 303 and 304; and 
(2) not later than 3 years after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that describes the status of such implemen-tation. 
TITLE IV—OTHER CYBER MATTERS 
SEC. 401. STUDY ON MOBILE DEVICE SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-
sultation with the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, shall— 
(1) complete a study on threats relating to 
the security of the mobile devices of the Fed-eral Government; and 
(2) submit an unclassified report to Con-
gress, with a classified annex if necessary, that contains the findings of such study, the recommendations developed under paragraph (3) of subsection (b), the deficiencies, if any, identified under (4) of such subsection, and the plan developed under paragraph (5) of such subsection. 
(b) M
ATTERS STUDIED .—In carrying out the 
study under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, shall— 
(1) assess the evolution of mobile security 
techniques from a desktop-centric approach, and whether such techniques are adequate to meet current mobile security challenges; 
(2) assess the effect such threats may have 
on the cybersecurity of the information sys-tems and networks of the Federal Govern-ment (except for national security systems or the information systems and networks of the Department of Defense and the intel-ligence community); 
(3) develop recommendations for address-
ing such threats based on industry standards and best practices; 
(4) identify any deficiencies in the current 
authorities of the Secretary that may in-hibit the ability of the Secretary to address mobile device security throughout the Fed-eral Government (except for national secu-rity systems and the information systems and networks of the Department of Defense and intelligence community); and 
(5) develop a plan for accelerated adoption 
of secure mobile device technology by the Department of Homeland Security. 
(c) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘intelligence commu-nity’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
SEC. 402. DEPARTMENT OF STATE INTER-
NATIONAL CYBERSPACE POLICY STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall produce a com-prehensive strategy relating to United States international policy with regard to cyberspace. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required by 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A review of actions and activities un-
dertaken by the Secretary of State to date to support the goal of the President’s Inter-national Strategy for Cyberspace, released in May 2011, to ‘‘work internationally to pro-mote an open, interoperable, secure, and reli-able information and communications infra-structure that supports international trade and commerce, strengthens international se-curity, and fosters free expression and inno-vation.’’. 
(2) A plan of action to guide the diplomacy 
of the Secretary of State, with regard to for-eign countries, including conducting bilat-eral and multilateral activities to develop the norms of responsible international be-havior in cyberspace, and status review of existing discussions in multilateral fora to obtain agreements on international norms in cyberspace. 
(3) A review of the alternative concepts 
with regard to international norms in cyber-space offered by foreign countries that are prominent actors, including China, Russia, Brazil, and India. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.031 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7532 October 27, 2015 
(4) A detailed description of threats to 
United States national security in cyber-space from foreign countries, state-spon-sored actors, and private actors to Federal and private sector infrastructure of the United States, intellectual property in the United States, and the privacy of citizens of the United States. 
(5) A review of policy tools available to the 
President to deter foreign countries, state- sponsored actors, and private actors, includ-ing those outlined in Executive Order 13694, released on April 1, 2015. 
(6) A review of resources required by the 
Secretary, including the Office of the Coordi-nator for Cyber Issues, to conduct activities to build responsible norms of international cyber behavior. 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In preparing the strat-
egy required by subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall consult, as appropriate, with other agencies and departments of the United States and the private sector and nongovernmental organizations in the United States with recognized credentials and expertise in foreign policy, national se-curity, and cybersecurity. 
(d) F
ORM OF STRATEGY .—The strategy re-
quired by subsection (a) shall be in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
(e) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION .—The 
Secretary of State shall— 
(1) make the strategy required in sub-
section (a) available the public; and 
(2) brief the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives on the strategy, including any material contained in a classified annex. 
SEC. 403. APPREHENSION AND PROSECUTION OF 
INTERNATIONAL CYBER CRIMINALS. 
(a) I NTERNATIONAL CYBER CRIMINAL DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘inter-
national cyber criminal’’ means an indi-vidual— 
(1) who is believed to have committed a 
cybercrime or intellectual property crime against the interests of the United States or the citizens of the United States; and 
(2) for whom— (A) an arrest warrant has been issued by a 
judge in the United States; or 
(B) an international wanted notice (com-
monly referred to as a ‘‘Red Notice’’) has been circulated by Interpol. 
(b) C
ONSULTATIONS FOR NONCOOPERATION .— 
The Secretary of State, or designee, shall consult with the appropriate government of-ficial of each country from which extradition is not likely due to the lack of an extra-dition treaty with the United States or other reasons, in which one or more international cyber criminals are physically present, to determine what actions the government of such country has taken— 
(1) to apprehend and prosecute such crimi-
nals; and 
(2) to prevent such criminals from carrying 
out cybercrimes or intellectual property crimes against the interests of the United States or its citizens. 
(c) A
NNUAL REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees an annual report that in-cludes— 
(A) the number of international cyber 
criminals located in other countries, disaggregated by country, and indicating from which countries extradition is not like-ly due to the lack of an extradition treaty with the United States or other reasons; 
(B) the nature and number of significant 
discussions by an official of the Department of State on ways to thwart or prosecute international cyber criminals with an offi-cial of another country, including the name of each such country; and (C) for each international cyber criminal 
who was extradited to the United States dur-ing the most recently completed calendar year— 
(i) his or her name; (ii) the crimes for which he or she was 
charged; 
(iii) his or her previous country of resi-
dence; and 
(iv) the country from which he or she was 
extradited into the United States. 
(2) F
ORM.—The report required by this sub-
section shall be in unclassified form to the maximum extent possible, but may include a classified annex. 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—For purposes of this subsection, the 
term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, 
the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the 
Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on Financial Services, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 404. ENHANCEMENT OF EMERGENCY SERV-
ICES. 
(a) C OLLECTION OF DATA.—Not later than 90 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center, in co-ordination with appropriate Federal entities and the Director for Emergency Communica-tions, shall establish a process by which a Statewide Interoperability Coordinator may report data on any cybersecurity risk or in-cident involving any information system or network used by emergency response pro-viders (as defined in section 2 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101)) with-in the State. 
(b) A
NALYSIS OF DATA.—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Director of the National Cyber-security and Communications Integration Center, in coordination with appropriate en-tities and the Director for Emergency Com-munications, and in consultation with the Director of the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology, shall conduct integra-tion and analysis of the data reported under subsection (a) to develop information and recommendations on security and resilience measures for any information system or net-work used by State emergency response pro-viders. 
(c) B
ESTPRACTICES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Using the results of the 
integration and analysis conducted under subsection (b), and any other relevant infor-mation, the Director of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology shall, on an ongoing basis, facilitate and support the development of methods for reducing cyber-security risks to emergency response pro-viders using the process described in section 2(e) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(e)). 
(2) R
EPORT .—The Director of the National 
Institute of Standards and Technology shall submit a report to Congress on the methods developed under paragraph (1) and shall make such report publically available on the website of the National Institute of Stand-
ards and Technology. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to— 
(1) require a State to report data under 
subsection (a); or (2) require an entity to— 
(A) adopt a recommended measure devel-
oped under subsection (b); or 
(B) follow the best practices developed 
under subsection (c). 
SEC. 405. IMPROVING CYBERSECURITY IN THE 
HEALTH CARE INDUSTRY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) B USINESS ASSOCIATE .—The term ‘‘busi-
ness associate’’ has the meaning given such term in section 160.103 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(2) C
OVERED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘covered 
entity’’ has the meaning given such term in section 160.103 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(3) H
EALTH CARE CLEARINGHOUSE ; HEALTH  
CARE PROVIDER ; HEALTH PLAN .—The terms 
‘‘health care clearinghouse’’, ‘‘health care provider’’, and ‘‘health plan’’ have the mean-ings given the terms in section 160.103 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(4) H
EALTH CARE INDUSTRY STAKEHOLDER .— 
The term ‘‘health care industry stakeholder’’ means any— 
(A) health plan, health care clearinghouse, 
or health care provider; 
(B) patient advocate; (C) pharmacist; (D) developer of health information tech-
nology; 
(E) laboratory; (F) pharmaceutical or medical device man-
ufacturer; or 
(G) additional stakeholder the Secretary 
determines necessary for purposes of sub-section (d)(1), (d)(3), or (e). 
(5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit, to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives, a report on the preparedness of the health care industry in responding to cyber-security threats. 
(c) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—With respect to 
the internal response of the Department of Health and Human Services to emerging cy-bersecurity threats, the report shall in-clude— 
(1) a clear statement of the official within 
the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices to be responsible for leading and coordi-nating efforts of the Department regarding cybersecurity threats in the health care in-dustry; and 
(2) a plan from each relevant operating di-
vision and subdivision of the Department of Health and Human Services on how such di-vision or subdivision will address cybersecu-rity threats in the health care industry, in-cluding a clear delineation of how each such division or subdivision will divide responsi-bility among the personnel of such division or subdivision and communicate with other such divisions and subdivisions regarding ef-forts to address such threats. 
(d) H
EALTH CAREINDUSTRY CYBERSECURITY  
TASKFORCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall convene health care industry stakeholders, cybersecurity experts, and any Federal agencies or entities the Secretary determines appropriate to establish a task force to— 
(A) analyze how industries, other than the 
health care industry, have implemented strategies and safeguards for addressing cy-bersecurity threats within their respective industries; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.031 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7533 October 27, 2015 
(B) analyze challenges and barriers private 
entities (notwithstanding section 102(15)(B), excluding any State, tribal, or local govern-ment) in the health care industry face secur-ing themselves against cyber attacks; 
(C) review challenges that covered entities 
and business associates face in securing networked medical devices and other soft-ware or systems that connect to an elec-tronic health record; 
(D) provide the Secretary with information 
to disseminate to health care industry stake-holders for purposes of improving their pre-paredness for, and response to, cybersecurity threats affecting the health care industry; 
(E) establish a plan for creating a single 
system for the Federal Government to share information on actionable intelligence re-garding cybersecurity threats to the health care industry in near real time, requiring no fee to the recipients of such information, in-cluding which Federal agency or other entity may be best suited to be the central conduit to facilitate the sharing of such information; and 
(F) report to Congress on the findings and 
recommendations of the task force regarding carrying out subparagraphs (A) through (E). 
(2) T
ERMINATION .—The task force estab-
lished under this subsection shall terminate on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(3) D
ISSEMINATION .—Not later than 60 days 
after the termination of the task force estab-lished under this subsection, the Secretary shall disseminate the information described in paragraph (1)(D) to health care industry stakeholders in accordance with such para-graph. 
(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to limit the antitrust exemption under section 104(e) or the protection from liability under section 106. 
(e) C
YBERSECURITY FRAMEWORK .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish, through a collaborative process with the Secretary of Homeland Security, health care industry stakeholders, the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology, and any Federal agency or entity the Secretary determines appropriate, a single, voluntary, national health-specific cybersecurity frame-work that— 
(A) establishes a common set of voluntary, 
consensus-based, and industry-led standards, security practices, guidelines, methodolo-gies, procedures, and processes that serve as a resource for cost-effectively reducing cy-bersecurity risks for a range of health care organizations; 
(B) supports voluntary adoption and imple-
mentation efforts to improve safeguards to address cybersecurity threats; 
(C) is consistent with the security and pri-
vacy regulations promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note) and with the Health Informa-tion Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (title XIII of division A, and title IV of division B, of Public Law 111–5), and the amendments made by such Act; and 
(D) is updated on a regular basis and appli-
cable to the range of health care organiza-tions described in subparagraph (A). 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this subsection 
shall be interpreted as granting the Sec-retary authority to— 
(A) provide for audits to ensure that health 
care organizations are in compliance with the voluntary framework under this sub-section; or 
(B) mandate, direct, or condition the award 
of any Federal grant, contract, or purchase on compliance with such voluntary frame-work. (3) N
O LIABILITY FOR NONPARTICIPATION .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to subject a health care organization to liabil-ity for choosing not to engage in the vol-untary activities authorized under this sub-section. 
SEC. 406. FEDERAL COMPUTER SECURITY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OVERED SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘covered 
system’’ shall mean a national security sys-tem as defined in section 11103 of title 40, United States Code, or a Federal computer system that provides access to personally identifiable information. 
(2) C
OVERED AGENCY .—The term ‘‘covered 
agency’’ means an agency that operates a covered system. 
(3) L
OGICAL ACCESS CONTROL .—The term 
‘‘logical access control’’ means a process of granting or denying specific requests to ob-tain and use information and related infor-mation processing services. 
(4) M
ULTI-FACTOR LOGICAL ACCESS CON -
TROLS .—The term ‘‘multi-factor logical ac-
cess controls’’ means a set of not less than 2 of the following logical access controls: 
(A) Information that is known to the user, 
such as a password or personal identification number. 
(B) An access device that is provided to the 
user, such as a cryptographic identification device or token. 
(C) A unique biometric characteristic of 
the user. 
(5) P
RIVILEGED USER .—The term ‘‘privi-
leged user’’ means a user who, by virtue of function or seniority, has been allocated powers within a covered system, which are significantly greater than those available to the majority of users. 
(b) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORTS ON COV-
ERED SYSTEMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 240 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of each covered agency shall submit to the appropriate committees of jurisdiction in the Senate and the House of Representatives a report, which shall in-clude information collected from the covered agency for the contents described in para-graph (2) regarding the Federal computer systems of the covered agency. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted by 
each Inspector General of a covered agency under paragraph (1) shall include, with re-spect to the covered agency, the following: 
(A) A description of the logical access 
standards used by the covered agency to ac-cess a covered system, including— 
(i) in aggregate, a list and description of 
logical access controls used to access such a covered system; and 
(ii) whether the covered agency is using 
multi-factor logical access controls to access such a covered system. 
(B) A description of the logical access con-
trols used by the covered agency to govern access to covered systems by privileged users. 
(C) If the covered agency does not use log-
ical access controls or multi-factor logical access controls to access a covered system, a description of the reasons for not using such logical access controls or multi-factor log-ical access controls. 
(D) A description of the following data se-
curity management practices used by the covered agency: 
(i) The policies and procedures followed to 
conduct inventories of the software present on the covered systems of the covered agen-cy and the licenses associated with such soft-ware. 
(ii) What capabilities the covered agency 
utilizes to monitor and detect exfiltration and other threats, including— 
(I) data loss prevention capabilities; or (II) digital rights management capabili-
ties. 
(iii) A description of how the covered agen-
cy is using the capabilities described in clause (ii). 
(iv) If the covered agency is not utilizing 
capabilities described in clause (ii), a de-scription of the reasons for not utilizing such capabilities. 
(E) A description of the policies and proce-
dures of the covered agency with respect to ensuring that entities, including contrac-tors, that provide services to the covered agency are implementing the data security management practices described in subpara-graph (D). 
(3) E
XISTING REVIEW .—The reports required 
under this subsection may be based in whole or in part on an audit, evaluation, or report relating to programs or practices of the cov-ered agency, and may be submitted as part of another report, including the report required under section 3555 of title 44, United States Code. 
(4) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Reports sub-
mitted under this subsection shall be in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 407. STRATEGY TO PROTECT CRITICAL IN-
FRASTRUCTURE AT GREATEST RISK. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘ap-
propriate agency’’ means, with respect to a covered entity— 
(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), 
the applicable sector-specific agency; or 
(B) in the case of a covered entity that is 
regulated by a Federal entity, such Federal entity. 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE AGENCY HEAD .—The term 
‘‘appropriate agency head’’ means, with re-spect to a covered entity, the head of the ap-propriate agency. 
(3) C
OVERED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘covered 
entity’’ means an entity identified pursuant to section 9(a) of Executive Order 13636 of February 12, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 11742), relat-ing to identification of critical infrastruc-ture where a cybersecurity incident could reasonably result in catastrophic regional or national effects on public health or safety, economic security, or national security. 
(4) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the Senate; 
(B) the Permanent Select Committee on 
Intelligence of the House of Representatives; 
(C) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
(D) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
(E) the Committee on Energy and Natural 
Resources of the Senate; 
(F) the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce of the House of Representatives; and 
(G) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate. 
(5) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. 
(b) S
TATUS OF EXISTING CYBER INCIDENT  
REPORTING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—No later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in conjunction with the ap-propriate agency head (as the case may be), shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees describing the extent to which each covered entity reports significant intrusions of information systems essential to the operation of critical infrastructure to the Department of Homeland Security or the appropriate agency head in a timely manner. 
(2) F
ORM.—The report submitted under 
paragraph (1) may include a classified annex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.031 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7534 October 27, 2015 
(c) M ITIGATION STRATEGY REQUIRED FOR  
CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE AT GREATEST  
RISK.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—No later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in conjunction with the ap-propriate agency head (as the case may be), shall conduct an assessment and develop a strategy that addresses each of the covered entities, to ensure that, to the greatest ex-tent feasible, a cyber security incident af-fecting such entity would no longer reason-ably result in catastrophic regional or na-tional effects on public health or safety, eco-nomic security, or national security. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy submitted by 
the Secretary with respect to a covered enti-ty shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of whether each entity 
should be required to report cyber security incidents. 
(B) A description of any identified security 
gaps that must be addressed. 
(C) Additional statutory authority nec-
essary to reduce the likelihood that a cyber incident could cause catastrophic regional or national effects on public health or safety, economic security, or national security. 
(3) S
UBMITTAL .—The Secretary shall sub-
mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees the assessment and strategy re-quired by paragraph (1). 
(4) F
ORM.—The assessment and strategy 
submitted under paragraph (3) may each in-clude a classified annex. 
SEC. 408. STOPPING THE FRAUDULENT SALE OF 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PEO-PLE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 1029(h) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘title if—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘therefrom.’’ and in-serting ‘‘title if the offense involves an ac-cess device issued, owned, managed, or con-trolled by a financial institution, account issuer, credit card system member, or other entity organized under the laws of the United States, or any State, the District of Columbia, or other Territory of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 409. EFFECTIVE PERIOD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be in effect during the 10-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—With respect to any action 
authorized by this Act or information ob-tained pursuant to an action authorized by this Act, which occurred before the date on which the provisions referred to in sub-section (a) cease to have effect, the provi-sions of this Act shall continue in effect. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Iowa. 
f 
NATIONAL DOMESTIC VIOLENCE 
AWARENESS MONTH 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I 
think we have clearance on a non-controversial resolution that is going to pass yet this evening, and I rise for about 5 minutes to speak on this issue. Last week I submitted a resolution 
to commemorate the goals and ideals of National Domestic Violence Aware-ness Month, which takes place each Oc-tober. I thank Senators L
EAHY , 
AYOTTE , and K LOBUCHAR for joining me 
as original cosponsors of this measure. 
I have met with many domestic vio-
lence victims over the years. We have come a long way since the enactment in 1984, with my support, of the land-mark Family Violence Prevention and Services Act. 
In the decades since then, Congress 
has committed billions of dollars to implement that statute, as well as the Violence Against Women Act, and we have seen a decline in the rate of seri-ous partner violence over the last two decades, according to the Congres-sional Research Service. 
But researchers and advocates who 
work with domestic violence survivors remind us that there is still much work to be done to stop this terrible crime and support survivors in their efforts to heal. It is estimated that as many as 9 million Americans are physically abused by a partner every year. 
According to a 2011 survey by the 
Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention, about 22 percent of women and about 14 percent of men have experi-enced severe physical abuse by a part-ner in their lifetime. 
Experts tell us that domestic vio-
lence affects women, men, and children of every age and socioeconomic class, but we also know that women still ex-perience more domestic violence than do men, and women are significantly more likely to be injured in an assault by a partner or a spouse. 
According to the Justice Depart-
ment’s Bureau of Justice Statistics, women between the ages of 18 and 31 experience the highest rates of domes-tic violence. Most have been victimized by the same offender on at least one prior occasion. And, of course, it is heartbreaking to realize that millions of American children have been ex-posed to domestic violence, either by experiencing some form of abuse or witnessing a family member’s abuse. 
The good news is that each and every 
day, in communities across the Nation, there are victim advocates, service pro-viders, crisis hotline staff and volun-teers, as well as first responders who are working tirelessly to extend com-passionate service to the survivors of domestic violence. I wish to take this opportunity to single out some of these folks and extend a special thank-you on behalf of the Senate. 
First, I highlight the hard work of 
trained volunteers and staff who oper-ate crisis hotlines across the country. They are a varied and talented group of individuals who, often at low or no pay, make confidential support, informa-tion, and referrals available to victims, as well as their friends and families, each and every day. We appreciate their efforts to help countless men, women, and children escape abusive situations. Next, I recognize the contributions of 
the talented staff at the 56 State and territorial domestic violence coalitions around the country and the globe. These individuals also help respond to the needs of battered men, women, and children, typically by offering their ex-pertise and technical support to local domestic violence programs in each and every State and territory. In my home State, for example, the Iowa State Coalition Against Domestic Vio-lence has, since way back in 1985, con-nected local service providers to vi-tally important training and other re-sources that exist to support Iowa sur-vivors. 
We cannot commemorate Domestic 
Violence Awareness Month without also mentioning the police officers who are on the front lines in the effort to protect crime victims and to prevent abuse in the first place. Domestic vio-lence calls can present lethal risks for officers, and we mourn those who have lost their lives while responding to such domestic violence incidents. We know, too, that in recent decades the law enforcement approach to these in-stances has changed to reflect the lat-est research, and we applaud those po-lice agencies that continue to update and improve their domestic violence policies. 
I also recognize those who operate 
the Nation’s domestic violence shelters that meet the emergency housing needs of thousands of adults and chil-dren each day or millions of Americans each year. Last but not least, I want to highlight the hard work of the staff at charities and agencies across the Na-tion that are devoted to helping domes-tic violence survivors achieve financial independence, obtain legal assistance, and most importantly overcome the detrimental emotional and physical ef-fects of abuse. 
As I close, I urge my colleagues to 
support the adoption of this important resolution. With its adoption, we dem-onstrate the Senate supports the goals and ideals of National Domestic Vio-lence Awareness Month. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). The Senator from Rhode Is-
land. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 20 minutes in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
there has been some activity on the Senate floor today regarding the Presi-dent’s Clean Power Plan, with fossil fuel State representatives coming to decry that plan. I would simply note that on October 22, in the Wall Street Journal, many of the leaders of Amer-ica’s national security took out an ad-vertisement to say: ‘‘Republicans & Democrats Agree: U.S. Security De-mands Global Climate Action.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:07 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.031 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7535 October 27, 2015 
We have had generals and admirals, 
former National Security Advisers and Directors of National Intelligence, Sec-retaries of the Treasury, Secretaries of Defense, Directors of the Central Intel-ligence Agency, Chairman of the Na-tional Intelligence Council, Governors, Senators, Under Secretaries of State, many Republicans all saying this is im-portant; that it is time for America to lead. And what do we get? We get com-plaints about America leading. 
If my friends have a better idea than 
the Clean Power Plan, I would be glad to listen. I am sure we would all be glad to listen. What is it? What is the other plan? Because if you have noth-ing, then you really don’t have a seat at the table and you certainly don’t have occasion to criticize what the President is trying to do. Show us something—anything. What have you got? Where is the Republican bill that even talks about climate change—let alone does anything serious about it. 
It is truly time for this body to wake 
up and not just wake up to climate change but also to the decades-long purposeful corporate smokescreens of misleading statements from the fossil fuel industry and its allies on the dan-gers of carbon pollution. So I am here for the 116th time seeking an open, honest, and factual debate in Congress about global climate change. 
The energy industry’s top dog, 
ExxonMobil—No. 2 for both revenue and profits among the Fortune 500 of companies—has been getting some bad press lately. Two independent inves-tigative reports from InsideClimate News and the Los Angeles Times re-vealed that Exxon’s own scientists un-derstood as far back as the late 1970s the effects of carbon pollution on the climate and warned company execu-tives of the potential outcomes for the planet and humankind, but Exxon’s own internal report also recognized heading off global warming ‘‘would re-quire major reductions in fossil fuel combustion.’’ 
So what did this fossil fuel company 
do? Rather than behave responsibly, rather than face up to that truth, rath-er than lead an effort to stave off cata-strophic emerging changes to the cli-mate and the oceans, what Exxon chose to do was to fund and participate in a massive misinformation campaign to protect their business model and their bottom line. 
This started right at the top. Exxon’s 
former chairman and CEO Lee Ray-mond repeatedly and publicly ques-tioned the science behind climate change, notwithstanding what his own scientists had said. ‘‘Currently,’’ Ray-mond claimed in a 1996 speech before the Economic Club of Detroit—20 years after this work by his own scientists— ‘‘the scientific evidence is inclusive as to whether human activities are having a significant effect on the global cli-mate.’’ 
There was already an emerging inter-
national consensus that unchecked car-bon emissions were warming the plan-et. There was already Exxon’s own in-
ternal research that showed carbon emissions were warming the planet, and it has gone forward to now with the latest report from the Intergovern-mental Panel on Climate Change stat-ing that ‘‘warming of the climate sys-tem is unequivocal.’’ Unequivocal. 
The current ExxonMobil CEO, Rex 
Tillerson, still emphasizes uncertainty and goes out of his way to overesti-mate the costs of taking action. In 2013, he asked: ‘‘What good is it to save the planet if humanity suffers?’’ All right, someone needs to explain to me how if we fail to save the planet, hu-manity does not suffer. I guess it is Exxon’s position that we only suffer if we try to save the planet. 
At this year’s annual shareholders 
meeting, Mr. Tillerson argued that the world needs to wait—that is always their argument, the world needs to wait—for the science to improve—un-equivocal is evidently not enough—and to look for solutions to the effects of climate change as they become more clear—more clear. 
Our oceans are clearly warming and 
acidifying, and this has been clearly measured. Atmospheric carbon is clear-ly higher than ever in our species’ his-tory on this planet, and this has been clearly measured. In Rhode Island, we have measured nearly 10 inches of sea level rise since the 1930s, right on our shores. What is not clear? 
While Exxon was peddling climate 
denial here in Washington, the L.A. Times reports, they were using climate models to plan operations in the warm-ing Arctic. Between 1986 and 1992, Exxon’s senior ice researcher, Ken Croasdale, and others studied the ef-fects global warming would have on Arctic oil operations and reported back to Exxon brass. They knew melting ice would lower exploration and develop-ment costs. They also knew higher seas and thawing permafrost would threat-en the company’s ships, drilling plat-forms, processing plants, and pipelines. 
So Exxon was challenging the cli-
mate models publicly while it was using them privately to guide its own investment decisions. Exxon under-stood the dangers, but instead of sounding the alarm or trying to help, they chose to sow doubt. 
Then there are the Exxon front 
groups. A study out just last month in the peer-reviewed journal Climatic Change says that ExxonMobil paid over $16 million between 1988 and 2005 to a network of phony-baloney think tanks and psuedoscience groups that spread misleading claims about climate science. The company’s network in-cludes organizations that name them-selves after John Locke, James Madi-son, Benjamin Franklin, and even George C. Marshall. It also includes the American Legislative Exchange Coun-cil, or ALEC, which pedals anti-climate legislation in State legislatures. ALEC denies the human contribution to cli-mate change by calling it a ‘‘historical phenomenon,’’ asserting ‘‘the debate will continue on the significance of 
natural and anthropogenic contribu-tions.’’ The climate denial coming out of ALEC is so egregious even Shell Oil left the group this summer. 
Don’t forget the paid-for scientists. 
The Exxon network includes Willie Soon, whose work consistently downplayed the role of carbon pollu-tion in climate change. Well, investiga-tive reporting revealed Dr. Soon re-ceived more than $1.2 million from oil and coal interests, including ExxonMobil, over the last decade. 
So the cat is out of the bag now, and 
all the bad press has got Exxon a little jumpy. Exxon’s VP of Public Affairs, Ken Cohen, took to Exxon’s blog to proclaim that his company has a legiti-mate history when it comes to climate. ‘‘Our scientists have been involved in climate research and related policy analysis for more than 30 years, yield-ing more than 50 papers in peer-re-viewed publications,’’ he said. He goes on to say that Exxon has been involved with the U.N. IPCC, the National Acad-emy of Science’s National Climate As-sessment, and that Exxon funds legiti-mate scientists at major universities as they research energy and climate. 
Right. The problem is that is only 
half the story. That is the half of the story that shows Exxon knew better. What is the rest of the story? Decades of funding to a network of front groups that led a PR campaign designed to un-dercut climate science and prevent le-gitimate action on climate change. For decades, Exxon invested in legitimate climate research, you say? That is the proof of actual knowledge. That makes the route they chose of denial and delay all the more culpable, and that denial and delay, as Paul Harvey would say, is the rest of the story. 
What are Tillerson and ExxonMobil 
waiting for? Why this campaign of de-ceit, denial, and delay? Sadly, it is our American system of big business and paid-for politics—just follow the money. 
Exxon foists the costs of its carbon 
pollution on the rest of us—on our chil-dren, on our grandchildren—and all the while they make staggering amounts of money. And Congress, funded by their lobbyists, sleeps placidly at the switch. 
Exxon even fights to protect their 
status quo with their own shareholders. The Institute for Policy Studies re-ports that shareholders of ExxonMobil have introduced 62 climate-related res-olutions over the past 25 years, and all of them have been opposed by manage-ment. Rex Tillerson, who made $21.4 million in stock-based pay in 2014, has openly mocked a shareholder who asked about investing in renewables. This is rich. Tillerson responded that renewable energy ‘‘only survives on the backs of enormous government man-dates that are not sustainable. We on purpose choose not to lose money.’’ 
Well, ExxonMobil spends huge 
amounts of money on the complex PR machine to churn out doubt about the real science in order to protect the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.059 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7536 October 27, 2015 
market subsidy that ignores the costs 
of Exxon’s carbon pollution and makes clean energy face an uphill battle. So it is really kind of nervy to say that clean energy survives on the backs of enormous government subsidies when oil gets the biggest subsidies ever. 
Things could have been different. 
Exxon could have heeded the warnings of its own scientists and helped us make a transition to clean energy. It is happening now without them. The International Energy Agency found that the cost of generating electricity from renewable sources dropped from $500 a megawatt hour in 2010 to $200 in 2015. Imagine if we had rolled up our sleeves and gotten to work way back when Exxon first learned of the dan-gers of carbon pollution. Imagine the leadership that company could have shown. Imagine how much of the com-ing climate and ocean changes we could have avoided. But they didn’t, and the time of reckoning may now be upon the likes of Exxon and others in the fossil fuel industry. That PR ma-chine may end up costing the company a lot. Look at what happened to big to-bacco. 
Two weeks ago, Congressmen T
ED 
LIEUand M ARKDESAULNIER sent a let-
ter to Attorney General Loretta Lynch regarding these newly reported allega-tions that ExxonMobil intentionally hid the truth about the role of fossil fuels in influencing climate change. ‘‘The apparent tactics employed by Exxon are reminiscent of the actions employed by big tobacco companies to deceive the American people about the known risks of tobacco.’’ 
Last week, my friend, the junior Sen-
ator from Vermont, joined in the call for the Attorney General to bring a civil RICO investigation into big fossil fuel. ‘‘These reports, if true,’’ reads Senator S
ANDERS ’ letter to Attorney 
General Lynch, ‘‘raise serious allega-tions of a misinformation campaign that may have caused public harm similar to the tobacco industry’s ac-tions—conduct that led to federal rack-eteering convictions’’—actually, a judgment. It was civil. But it is other-wise accurate. 
Also last week, Sharon Eubanks, the 
former U.S. Department of Justice at-torney who actually brought the civil action and won the civil RICO case against the tobacco industry, said that, considering recent revelations regard-ing ExxonMobil, the Department of Justice should consider launching an investigation into big fossil fuel com-panies—that it ‘‘is plausible and should be considered.’’ That was her quote. 
Let me show why it is plausible and 
should be considered. Let me read from U.S. District Judge Gladys Kessler’s description of the culpable conduct in her decision in the government’s rack-eteering case against Big Tobacco: 
Each and every one of these Defendants re-
peatedly, consistently, vigorously—and falsely—denied the existence of any adverse health effects from smoking. Moreover, they mounted a coordinated, well-financed, so-phisticated public relations campaign to at-
tack and distort the scientific evidence dem-onstrating the relationship between smoking and disease, claiming that the link between the two was still an ‘‘open question.’’ 
Defendants knew there was a consensus in 
the scientific community that smoking caused lung cancer and other diseases. De-spite that fact, they publicly insisted that there was a scientific controversy and dis-puted scientific findings linking smoking and disease knowing their assertions were false. 
Now, let’s read that exact same lan-
guage back but apply it to climate. 
Each and every one of these Defendants re-
peatedly, consistently, vigorously—and falsely—denied the existence of any adverse [climate] effects from [carbon pollution]. Moreover, they mounted a coordinated, well- financed, sophisticated public relations cam-paign to attack and distort the scientific evi-dence demonstrating the relationship be-tween [carbon pollution] and [climate], claiming that the link between the two was still an ‘‘open question.’’ 
Defendants knew there was a consensus in 
the scientific community that [carbon pollu-tion] caused [climate change] and other [harms]. Despite that fact, they publicly in-sisted that there was a scientific controversy and disputed scientific findings linking [car-bon pollution] and [climate] knowing their assertions were false. 
Just change the words, and there is 
her judgment against the tobacco in-dustry, and it plainly applies to cli-mate denial. 
The investigative journalism from 
InsideClimate News and the Los Ange-les Times is damning. The calls for greater scrutiny of ExxonMobil and the fossil fuel industry are mounting, and the phony-baloney denial network is up in arms, trying to shovel this campaign under the protection of the First Amendment. Sorry, guys, the First Amendment doesn’t protect fraud. 
Describing Caesar at the Battle of 
Monda, Napoleon said: ‘‘There is a mo-ment in combat when the slightest ma-neuver is decisive and gives superi-ority; it is the drop of water that starts the overflow.’’ 
Is the tide turning? Is this the deci-
sive moment? Despite documented warnings from their own scientists dat-ing from the 1970s, ExxonMobil and others pursued a campaign of deceit, denial, and delay. They may soon have to face the consequences. In any event, history will not look kindly on their choice. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
f 
NO CHILD LEFT BEHIND REFORM 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, 
over the weekend President Obama an-nounced that all 100,000 public schools across the Nation should limit testing to 2 percent of a student’s time in the classroom. It is a recommendation, not a requirement, and it comes in re-sponse to a nationwide backlash from teachers, students, and parents who are sick of overtesting. 
I was glad to see the President’s com-
ments. He is right about students tak-ing too many tests. But I hope the 
President will stop and think before trying to cure overtesting by telling teachers exactly how much time to spend on testing or what the tests should be. Classroom teachers know better than Washington how to assess their students’ progress. They also know that the real reason we have too many tests is that there are too many Federal mandates that put high stakes 
on student test results and that one more Washington decree—even if it is only a recommendation for now—is not the way to solve the problem of too many Federal mandates. 
Instead, the best way to fix over-
testing is to get rid of the Federal mandates that are causing the prob-lem. That is precisely what the Senate did when it passed by an overwhelming bipartisan majority, 81 to 17, legisla-tion to fix No Child Left Behind and give more flexibility to States and to classroom teachers to decide which tests will decide what progress stu-dents are making in the classroom. 
No Child Left Behind, a Federal law 
enacted in 2001, requires students to take 17 standardized tests over the course of their education, kindergarten through the 12th grade. It then uses those tests to decide whether schools and teachers are succeeding or failing. 
In the Senate’s work to fix No Child 
Left Behind, no issue stirred as much controversy as these high-stakes tests. At first, I was among those who thought the best way to fix overtesting might be to get rid of the 17 Federal tests. But the more we studied the problem, the more the issues seemed not to be the 17 Federal tests but the federally designed system of rewarding and punishing schools and teachers that was attached to the tests. 
A third grader, for example, is re-
quired to take only one test in math and one in reading. Each of those tests probably takes 1 or 2 hours, according to testimony before our committee. But here is the problem: The results of these tests count so much in the feder-ally mandated accountability system that States and school districts are giving students dozens of additional tests to prepare for the Federal tests. 
A new survey says students in big- 
city schools will take, on average, 112 mandatory standardized tests between prekindergarten and high school grad-uation. That is eight tests a year. One Florida study showed that a Fort Myers school district gave more than 160 tests to its students. Only 17 of those are federally required. 
So after hearing this, the Senate de-
cided to keep the federally required 17 tests. That is two annual tests in read-ing and math in grades 3 through 8 and once in high school, as well as science tests given three times between grades 3 and 12. We also kept the practice of reporting results publicly so parents and teachers know how their children are performing. These results are disaggregated, so we know how stu-dents are doing based upon their gen-der, their ethnicity or their disability. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.061 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7537 October 27, 2015 
Then, to discourage overtesting, we re-
stored to States and classroom teach-ers the responsibility for deciding how to use these Federal test scores to measure achievement. 
The Senate bill ends the high-stakes, 
Washington-designed, test-based ac-countability system that has caused the explosion of tests in our local schools. The Senate bill reverses the trend toward a national school board. 
I am glad to see President Obama’s 
focus on overtesting, but let’s not make the same mistake twice by de-creeing from Washington exactly how much time to spend on tests or what the tests should be. States and 3 mil-lion teachers in 100,000 public schools are in the best position to know what to do about overtesting our children. 
Both the Senate and the House of 
Representatives have now passed simi-lar bills to fix No Child Left Behind and to reduce the Federal mandates that are the real cause of overtesting. The best way to have fewer and better tests in America’s classrooms is for Congress to finish its work and the President to sign our legislation before the end of the year. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
JAPANESE POW FRIENDSHIP 
PROGRAM 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I would 
like to take a moment to call attention to a group of our Nation’s veterans who participated in a reconciliation pro-gram with the Japanese Government. 
From October 11 to October 19, nine 
veterans of the U.S. Army, U.S. Army Air Corps, and the U.S. Marines who fought bravely in the Pacific theater of World War II and were taken prisoner by Japanese forces traveled to Japan. They were guests of the Japanese Gov-ernment on a trip of reconciliation and remembrance. 
Established in 2010, this was the sixth 
Japanese POW Friendship Program del-egation. This program is sponsored by the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Af-fairs for World War II POWs from the United States, with Japan running similar friendship programs with Aus-tralia and Britain. 
More than 30,000 Allied troops were 
taken prisoner in Japan, many of them Americans who faced horrific ordeals. Today, 70 years following the end of World War II, this program reflects the journey of forgiveness and resolution between the United States and Japan, as our relationship has developed into one of the most critical in the region. 
I would like to take a moment to ac-
knowledge the veterans who were members of this year’s delegation: Jo-
seph DeMott, a U.S. Army Air Corps veteran from Litiz, PA; Arthur Gruenberg, a U.S. Marine Corps vet-eran from Camano Island, WA; George Hirschkamp, a U.S. Marine Corps vet-eran from Sandpoint, ID; George Rod-gers, a U.S. Army veteran from Lynch-burg, VA; Jack Warner, a U.S. Marine Corps veteran from Elk City, OK; and Clifford Warren, a U.S. Army veteran from Shepherd, TX. 
I would also like to recognize three 
members of the delegation who are my constituents: Leland Chandler, a U.S. Army veteran from Galesburg, IL; Wil-liam Chittenden, a U.S. Marine Corps veteran from Wheaton, IL; and Carl Dyer, a U.S. Army veteran from Oglesby, IL. 
I am so grateful to all of these par-
ticipants for their years of service to our Nation. 
The delegation was accompanied by 
Jan Thompson, another Illinois con-stituent and a documentary filmmaker and daughter of a World War II veteran who was himself a POW in Japan. Thompson also heads the nonprofit vet-erans organization American Defenders of Bataan & Corregidor Memorial Soci-ety. 
The Japanese POW Friendship Pro-
gram and the American veterans who participate in it represent the trans-formation and strength of the U.S.- Japan relationship. I hope this pro-gram continues to bring together our two nations in remembrance and rec-onciliation. 
f 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 4380 
of S. Con. Res. 11, the concurrent reso-lution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, allows the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee to revise the alloca-tions, aggregates, and levels in the budget resolution for legislation that increases sharing of cyber security threat information while protecting in-dividual privacy and civil liberties in-terests. The authority to adjust is con-tingent on the legislation not increas-ing the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016–2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016– 2025. 
I find that S. 754, as amended, fulfills 
the conditions of deficit neutrality found in section 4380 of S. Con. Res. 11. Accordingly, I am revising the alloca-tion to the Select Committee on Intel-ligence and the budgetary aggregates to account for the budget effects of the amendment. As the budgetary effects of S. 754, as amended, are insignificant under our accounting methods, budg-etary figures remain numerically un-changed. 
f 
BUDGET SCOREKEEPING REPORT 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to 
submit to the Senate the budget scorekeeping report for October 2015. The report compares current law levels of spending and revenues with the 
amounts provided in the conference re-port to accompany S. Con. Res. 11, the budget resolution for fiscal year 2016. This information is necessary to deter-mine whether budget points of order lie against pending legislation. It has been prepared by the Republican staff of the Senate Budget Committee and the Con-gressional Budget Office, CBO, pursu-ant to section 308(b) of the Congres-
sional Budget Act. 
This is the third report I have made 
since adoption of the fiscal year 2016 budget resolution on May 5, 2015. My last filing can be found in the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD on September 10, 2015. 
The information contained in this re-port is current through October 26, 2015. 
Table 1 gives the amount by which 
each Senate authorizing committee is below or exceeds its allocation under the budget resolution. This informa-tion is used for enforcing committee allocations pursuant to section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, CBA. For fiscal year 2015, which ended on September 30, 2015, Senate author-izing committees have increased direct spending outlays by $7.8 billion more than the agreed upon spending levels. Over the fiscal year 2016–2025 period, which is the entire period covered by S. Con. Res. 11, Senate authorizing com-mittees have spent $2.2 billion less than the budget resolution calls for. 
Table 2 gives the amount by which 
the Senate Committee on Appropria-tions is below or exceeds the statutory spending limits. This information is used to determine points of order re-lated to the spending caps found in sec-tion 312 and section 314 of the CBA. While no full-year appropriations bills have been enacted for fiscal year 2016, subcommittees are charged with per-manent and advanced appropriations that first become available in that year. 
Table 3 gives the amount by which 
the Senate Committee on Appropria-tions is below or exceeds its allocation for overseas contingency operations/ global war on terrorism, OCO/GWOT, spending. This separate allocation for OCO/GWOT was established in section 3102 of S. Con. Res. 11 and is enforced using section 302 of the CBA. No bills providing funds with the OCO/GWOT designation on a full-year basis have been enacted thus far for fiscal year 2016. 
The budget resolution established 
two new points of order limiting the use of changes in mandatory programs in appropriations bills, CHIMPS. Ta-bles 4 and 5 show compliance with fis-cal year 2016 limits for overall CHIMPS and the Crime Victims Fund CHIMP, respectively. This information is used for determining points of order under section 3103 and section 3104, respec-tively. No full-year bills have been en-acted thus far for fiscal year 2016 that include CHIMPS. 
In addition to the tables provided by 
the Senate Budget Committee Repub-lican staff, I am submitting additional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.062 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7538 October 27, 2015 
tables from CBO that I will use for en-
forcement of budget levels agreed to by the Congress. 
CBO provided a report for both fiscal 
year 2015 and fiscal year 2016. This in-formation is used to enforce aggregate spending levels in budget resolutions under section 311 of the CBA. CBO’s es-timates show that current law levels of spending for fiscal year 2015 exceed the amounts in the deemed budget resolu-tion enacted in the BBA by $8.0 billion in budget authority and $1.0 billion in outlays. Revenues are $79.8 billion below the revenue floor for fiscal year 2015 set by the deemed budget resolu-tion. As well, Social Security outlays are at the levels assumed for fiscal year 2015, while Social Security reve-nues are $170 million above levels in the deemed budget. This will be CBO’s final report to the Senate Budget Com-mittee for fiscal year 2015, as the fiscal year is now closed. 
For fiscal year 2016, CBO annualizes 
the effects of the Continuing Appro-priations Act, P.L. 114–53, which pro-vides funding through December 11, 2015. For the enforcement of budgetary aggregates, the Senate Budget Com-mittee excludes this temporary fund-ing. As such, the committee views cur-rent law levels as being $885.9 billion and $526.4 billion below budget resolu-tion levels for budget authority and outlays, respectively. Revenues are $144 million above the level assumed in the budget resolution. Finally, Social Security outlays are at the levels as-sumed in the budget resolution for fis-cal year 2016, while Social Security revenues are $18 million above assumed levels for the budget year. 
CBO’s report also provides informa-
tion needed to enforce the Senate’s pay-as-you-go rule. The Senate’s pay- as-you-go scorecard currently shows deficit reduction of $1.4 billion over the fiscal year 2015–2020 period and $6.1 bil-lion over the fiscal year 2015–2025 pe-riod. Over the initial 6-year period, Congress has enacted legislation that would increase revenues by $4.1 billion and increase outlays by $2.7 billion. Over the 11-year period, Congress has enacted legislation that would reduce revenues by $1.3 billion and decrease outlays by $7.4 billion. The Senate’s pay-as-you-go rule is enforced by sec-tion 201 of S. Con. Res. 21, the fiscal year 2008 budget resolution. 
All years in the accompanying tables 
are fiscal years. 
I ask unanimous consent that the ac-
companying tables be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
TABLE 1.—SENATE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—ENACTED 
DIRECT SPENDING ABOVE (+) OR BELOW ( ¥) BUDGET 
RESOLUTIONS 
(In millions of dollars) 
2015 2016 2016– 
2020 2016– 
2025 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-
estry 
Budget Authority ............ 254 0 0 0 TABLE 1.—SENATE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—ENACTED 
DIRECT SPENDING ABOVE (+) OR BELOW ( ¥) BUDGET 
RESOLUTIONS—Continued 
(In millions of dollars) 
2015 2016 2016– 
2020 2016– 
2025 
Outlays ........................... 229 0 0 0 
Armed Services 
Budget Authority ............ ¥15 0 0 0 
Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 
Banking, Housing, and Urban 
Affairs 
Budget Authority ............ 121 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 121 0 0 0 
Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Budget Authority ............ 0 130 650 1,300 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 
Energy and Natural Resources 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... ¥2 0 0 0 
Environment and Public Works 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 ¥3,160 
Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 ¥3,160 
Finance 
Budget Authority ............ 7,322 5 13 28 Outlays ........................... 7,288 5 13 28 
Foreign Relations 
Budget Authority ............ ¥20 0 0 0 
Outlays ........................... ¥20 0 0 0 
Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 
Judiciary 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 1 2 Outlays ........................... 0 0 1 2 
Health, Education, Labor, and 
Pensions 
Budget Authority ............ 3 0 208 278 Outlays ........................... 1 0 208 278 
Rules and Administration 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 
Intelligence 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 
Veterans’ Affairs 
Budget Authority ............ 0 ¥2 ¥1 ¥1 
Outlays ........................... 150 388 644 644 
Indian Affairs 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 
Small Business 
Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 
Total 
Budget Authority ... 7,665 133 871 ¥1,553 
Outlays .................. 7,767 393 866 ¥2,208 
TABLE 2.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE— 
ENACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS1 
(Budget authority, in millions of dollars) 
2016 
Security2 Nonsecurity2 
Statutory Discretionary Limits .............. 523,091 493,491 
Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee 
Agriculture, Rural Development, and 
Related Agencies .............................. 0 9 
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-
lated Agencies .................................. 0 0 
Defense ................................................. 41 0 Energy and Water Development ............ 0 0 Financial Services and General Govern-
ment ................................................. 0 41 
Homeland Security ................................ 0 9 Interior, Environment, and Related 
Agencies ........................................... 0 0 
Labor, Health and Human Services, 
Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 24,678 
Legislative Branch ................................ 0 0 Military Construction and Veterans Af-
fairs, and Related Agencies ............. 0 56,217 
State, Foreign Operations, and Related 
Programs .......................................... 0 0 
Transportation and Housing and Urban 
Development, and Related Agencies 0 4,400 
Current Level Total ............. 41 85,354 
Total Enacted Above (+) or Below 
(¥) Statutory Limits .............. ¥523,050 ¥408,137 
1This table excludes spending pursuant to adjustments to the discre-
tionary spending limits. These adjustments are allowed for certain purposes in section 251(b)(2) of BBEDCA. 
2Security spending is defined as spending in the National Defense budg-
et function (050) and nonsecurity spending is defined as all other spending. TABLE 3.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-
ACTED OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS 
(In millions of dollars) 
2016 
BA OT 
OCO/GWOT Allocation1.......................... 96,287 48,798 
Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee 
Agriculture, Rural Development, and 
Related Agencies .............................. 0 0 
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-
lated Agencies .................................. 0 0 
Defense ................................................. 0 0 Energy and Water Development ............ 0 0 Financial Services and General Govern-
ment ................................................. 0 0 
Homeland Security ................................ 0 0 Interior, Environment, and Related 
Agencies ........................................... 0 0 
Labor, Health and Human Services, 
Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 0 
Legislative Branch ................................ 0 0 Military Construction and Veterans Af-
fairs, and Related Agencies ............. 0 0 
State, Foreign Operations, and Related 
Programs .......................................... 0 0 
Transportation and Housing and Urban 
Development, and Related Agencies 0 0 
Current Level Total ............. 0 0 
Total OCO/GWOT Spending vs. 
Budget Resolution ................... ¥96,287 ¥48,798 
BA = Budget Authority; OT = Outlays 
1This allocation may be adjusted by the Chairman of the Budget Com-
mittee to account for new information, pursuant to section 3102 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution of the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. 
TABLE 4.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-
ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS) 
(Budget authority, millions of dollars) 
2016 
CHIMPS Limit for Fiscal Year 2016 ................................. 19,100 
Senate Appropriations Subcommittees 
Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 0 
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 0 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 0 Homeland Security ........................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and 
Related Agencies ......................................................... 0 
Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related 
Agencies ...................................................................... 0 
State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ......... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, 
and Related Agencies ................................................. 0 
Current Level Total ........................................ 0 
Total CHIMPS Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget 
Resolution ........................................................... ¥19,100 
TABLE 5.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-
ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAM (CHIMP) TO THE CRIME VICTIMS FUND 
(Budget authority, millions of dollars) 
2016 
Crime Victims Fund (CVF) CHIMP Limit for Fiscal Year 
2016 ............................................................................ 10,800 
Senate Appropriations Subcommittees 
Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 0 
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 0 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 0 Homeland Security ........................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and 
Related Agencies ......................................................... 0 
Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related 
Agencies ...................................................................... 0 
State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, 
and Related Agencies ................................................. 0 
Current Level Total ........................................ 0 
Total CVF CHIMP Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget 
Resolution ........................................................... ¥10,800 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.048 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7539 October 27, 2015 
U.S. C ONGRESS , 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , 
Washington, DC, October 27, 2015. 
Hon. M IKEENZI, 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report 
shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2015 budget and is current through September 30, 2015. This report is 
submitted under section 308(b) and in aid of section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as amended. 
The estimates of budget authority, out-
lays, and revenues are consistent with the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels printed in the Congressional Record on May 5, 2014, pursuant to section 116 of the Bi-
partisan Budget Act (Public Law 113–67). 
Since our last letter dated September 10, 
2015, there has been no Congressional action affecting budget authority, outlays, or reve-nues for fiscal year 2015. 
Sincerely, 
K
EITH HALL, Director . 
Enclosure. 
TABLE 1.—SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2015, AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2015 
[In billions of dollars] 
Budget 
Resolution Current 
Levela Current Level 
Over/Under ( ¥) 
Resolution 
On-Budget 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 3,026.4 3,034.4 8.0 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 3,039.6 3,040.7 1.0 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 2,533.4 2,453.6 ¥79.8 
Off-Budget 
Social Security Outlaysb............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 736.6  736.6 0.0 
Social Security Revenues ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 771.7 771.9 0.2 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
aExcludes amounts designated as emergency requirements. 
bExcludes administrative expenses paid from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability In surance Trust Fund of the Social Security Administration, which are off-budget, but are appropriated an-
nually. 
TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2015, AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2015 
[In millions of dollars] 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enacteda 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... n.a. n.a. 2,533,388 
Permanents and other spending legislation ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 1,877,558 1,802,360 n.a. 
Appropriation legislation ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 0 508,261 n.a. 
Offsetting receipts ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................... ¥735,195 ¥734,481 n.a. 
Total, Previously Enacted ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 1,142,363 1,576,140 2,533,388 
Enacted Legislation:b 
Lake Hill Administrative Site Affordable Housing Act (P.L. 113–141) ............................................................ ...................................................................................................................... 0 ¥2 0 
Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Resolution, 2014 (P.L. 113–145) .......................................................... ............................................................................................................... 0 75 0 
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (P.L. 113–159) .................................................................. .................................................................................................................... 0 ¥15 2,590 
Emergency Afghan Allies Extension Act of 2014 (P.L. 113–160) ................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 5 5 6 
Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2015 (P.L. 113–164)c............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... ¥4,705 ¥180 0 
Preventing Sex Trafficking and Strengthening Families Act (P.L. 113–183) ....................................................... ................................................................................................................. 0 10 0 
IMPACT Act of 2014 (P.L. 113–185) .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 22 22 0 
Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (P.L. 113–235) .................................................... ............................................................................................................. 1,884,271 1,426,08 5 ¥178 
An act to amend certain provisions of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (P.L. 113–243) .............................. ............................................................................................ 0 0 ¥28 
Naval Vessel Transfer Act of 2013 (P.L. 113–276) ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . ¥20 ¥20 0 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (P.L. 113–291) ................ ...................................................................................... ¥15 0 0 
An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend certain expiring provisions and make technical corrections, to amen d the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-
vide for the treatment of ABLE accounts established under State programs for the care of family members with disabilities, and for other purposes (P.L. 113–295) ................ 160 160 ¥81,177 
Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–1) ...................................................... ............................................................................................................... 121 121 1 
Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015 (P.L. 114–4) .......................................................... ................................................................................................................ 47,763 27,534 0  
Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–10) ............................................................. ................................................................................................................. 7,354 7,329 0 
Construction Authorization and Choice Improvement Act (P.L. 114–19) ............................................................ .................................................................................................................. 0 20 0 
An act to extend the authorization to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Af fairs in Denver, Colorado, to authorize transfers 
of amounts to carry out the replacement of such medical center, and for other purposes (P.L. 114–25) ........................... ........................................................................................ 0 130 0 
Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–27) .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 38  7 ¥1,051 
Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–41)b............................................................................................................................... 0 0 19 
Total, Enacted Legislation ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 1,934,994 1,461,281 ¥79,818 
Entitlements and Mandatories: 
Budget resolution estimates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .......................................... ..................................................................................................... ¥42,921 3,239 0 
Total Current Leveld............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 3,034,43 6 3,040,660 2,453,570 
Total Senate Resolutione............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 3,026,439 3,039 ,624 2,533,388 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 7,997 1,036 n.a. 
Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a. 79,818 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
Notes: n.a. = not applicable; P.L. = Public Law. 
aIncludes the following acts that affect budget authority, outlays, or revenues, and were cleared by the Congress during the 2nd  session of the 113th Congress but before publication in the Congressional Record of the statement of the 
allocations and aggregates pursuant to section 116 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (P.L. 113–67): the Agricultural Act of 2014 (P.L. 113–79), the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (P.L. 113–89), the Gabriella Mil-
ler Kids First Research Act (P.L. 113–94), and the Cooperative and Small Employer Charity Pension Flexibility Act (P.L. 113–97) . 
bPursuant to section 403(b) of S. Con. Res. 13, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2010, amounts designated  as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 403 of S. Con. Res. 13, shall not count for certain 
budgetary enforcement purposes. The amounts so designated for 2015, which are not included in the current level totals, are as follows: 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Revenues 
Veterans’ Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014 (P.L. 113–146) ........................... ...................................................................................................... ¥1,331 6,619 ¥42 
Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–41) – ................................. ...................................................................................................... 0 1,147 0 
Total, amounts designated pursuant to Sec. 403 of S. Con. Res. 13 .............................................................. .................................................................................................................... ¥1,331 7,766 ¥42 
cSections 136 and 137 of the Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2015 (P.L. 113–164) provide $88 million to respond to the Ebo la virus, which is available until September 30, 2015. Section 139 rescinds funds from the Children’s 
Health Insurance Program. Section 147 extended the authorization for the Export-Import Bank of the United States through June 3 0, 2015. 
dFor purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the Senate, the budget resolution does not include bud get authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level does not include 
these items. 
ePeriodically, the Senate Committee on the Budget revises the budgetary levels printed in the Congressional Record on May 5, 201 4, pursuant to section 116 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–67): 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Revenues 
Original Senate Resolution: .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 2,939,993 3,004,163 2,533,388 
Revisions: 
Adjustment for Disaster Designated Spending .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 100 43 0 
Adjustment for Overseas Contingency Operations and Disaster Designated Spending ................................................ ....................................................................................................... 74,995 31,360 0 
Adjustment for Emergency Designated Spending ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 0 75 0 
Adjustment for the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 ................................................ ........................................................................................................... 11,351 3,983 0 
Revised Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 3,026,439 3,039,624 2,533,388 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27OC5.REC S27OC5bjneal on DSK67QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7540 October 27, 2015 
U.S. C ONGRESS , 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , 
Washington, DC, October 27, 2015. 
Hon. M IKEENZI, 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Senate Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report 
shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2016 budget and is current 
through October 26, 2015. This report is sub-mitted under section 308(b) and in aid of sec-tion 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as 
amended. 
The estimates of budget authority, out-
lays, and revenues are consistent with the technical and economic assumptions of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. 
Since our last letter dated September 10, 
2015, the Congress has cleared and the Presi-dent has signed the following acts that affect 
budget authority, outlays, or revenues for fiscal year 2016: Continuing Appropriations 
Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–53); Airport and 
Airway Extension Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–55); Department of Veterans Affairs Ex-piring Authorities Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–58); and Protecting Affordable Coverage for Employees Act (Public Law 114–60). 
Sincerely, 
K
EITH HALL, Director . 
Enclosure. 
TABLE 1.—SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016, AS OF OCTOBER 26, 2015 
[In billions of dollars] 
Budget 
Resolutiona Current Levelb Current Level 
Over/Under ( ¥) 
Resolution 
ON-BUDGET 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 3,033.5 3,155.6 122.1 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 3,092.0 3,167.9 76.0 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 2,676.0 2,676.1 0.1 
OFF-BUDGET 
Social Security Outlaysc............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 777.1 777.1 0.0 
Social Security Revenues ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 794.0 794.0 0.0 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
aExcludes $6,872 million in budget authority and $344 million in outlays assumed in S. Con. Res. 11 for disaster-related spendin g that is not yet allocated to theSenate Committee on Appropriations. 
bExcludes amounts designated as emergency requirements. 
cExcludes administrative expenses paid from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability In surance Trust Fund of the Social Security Administration, which are off-budget, but are appropriated an-
nually. 
TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016, AS OF OCTOBER 26, 2015 
[In millions of dollars] 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enacteda 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. n.a. n.a. 2,676,733 
Permanents and other spending legislation ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 1,968,496 1,902,345 n.a. 
Appropriation legislation ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 0 500,825 n.a. 
Offsetting receipts ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... ¥784,820 ¥784,879 n.a. 
Total, Previously Enacted ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 1,183,676 1,618,291 2,676,733 
Enacted Legislation: 
An act to extend the authorization to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Af fairs in Denver, Colorado, to authorize transfers of amounts 
to carry out the replacement of such medical center, and for other purposes (P.L. 114–25) ...................................... ................................................................................................................... 0 20 0 
Defending Public Safety Employees’ Retirement Act & Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (P .L. 114–26) ............................................................................ 0 0 5 
Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–27) .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 445 175 ¥766 
Steve Gleason Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–40) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 5 5 0 
Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–41)b............................................................................................................................... .................. 0 0 99 
Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016 (P.L. 114–53) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................... 700 775 0 
Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–55) ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 130 0 0 
Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–58) .................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .. ¥2 368 0 
Protecting Affordable Coverage for Employees Act (P.L. 114–60) ................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 0 0 40 
Total, Enacted Legislation ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 1,278 1,343 ¥622 
Continuing Resolution: 
Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016 (P.L. 114–53) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................... 1,008,053– 602,405 – 0 
Entitlements and Mandatories: 
Budget resolution estimates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .......................................... ....................................................................................................................... 962,619 945,910 0 
Total Current Levelc............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 3,155,626 3,167,949 2,676,111 
Total Senate Resolutiond............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 3,033,488 3,091,973 2,675,967 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 122,138 75,976 144 
Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. n.a. n.a. n.a. 
Memorandum: Revenues, 2016–2025: 
Senate Current Level ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... n.a. n.a. 32,237,119 
Senate Resolution .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ n.a. n.a. 32,233,099 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ n.a. n.a. 4,020 
Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... n.a. n.a. n.a. 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
Notes: n.a. = not applicable; P.L. = Public Law. 
aIncludes the following acts that affect budget authority, outlays, or revenues, and were cleared by the Congress during this se ssion, but before the adoption of S. Con. Res. II, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 
2016: the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2014 (P.L. 114–41); the Department of Homeland Security Appro priations Act, 2015 (P.L. 114–4), and the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (P.L. 
114–10). 
bPursuant to section 403(b) of S. Con. Res. 13, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2010, amounts designated  as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 403 of S. Con. Res. 13, shall not count for certain 
budgetary enforcement purposes. The amounts so designated for 2016, which are not included in the current level totals, are as follows: 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Revenues 
Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–41) ................................... ............................................................................................... 0 917 0 
cFor purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the Senate, the resolution, as approved by the Senate,  does not include budget authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level 
does not include these items. 
dPeriodically, the Senate Committee on the Budget revises the budgetary levels in S. Con Res. 11 , pursuant to various provision s of the resolution. The Senate Resolution total below excludes $6,872 million in budget authority and 
$344 million in outlays assumed in S. Con Res. 11 for disaster-related spending that is not yet allocated to the Senate Committ ee on Appropriations: 
Budget 
Authority Outlays Revenues 
Senate Resolution: ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 3,032,343 3,091,098 2,676,733 
Revisions: 
Pursuant to section 4311 of S. Con. Res. 11 .................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 445 1 75 ¥766 
Pursuant to section 311 of S. Con. Res. 11 ..................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 700 700 0 
Revised Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 3,033,488 3,091,973 2,675,967 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27OC5.REC S27OC5bjneal on DSK67QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7541 October 27, 2015 
TABLE 3.—SUMMARY OF THE SENATE PAY-AS-YOU-GO 
SCORECARD FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS—1ST SES-SION, AS OF OCTOBER 26, 2015 
(In millions of dollars) 
2015–2020 2015–2025 
Beginning Balancea 0 0 
Enacted Legislation:bcd 
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 
2015 (P.L. 114–17)e........................... n.e. n.e. 
Construction Authorization and Choice 
Improvement Act (P.L. 114–19) .......... 20 20 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 
2015 (P.L. 114–22) ............................. 1 2 
Uniting and Strengthening America by 
Fulfilling Rights and Ensuring Effec-tive Discipline Over Monitoring Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–23) ............................. * * 
An act to extend the authorization to 
carry out the replacement of the ex-isting medical center of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs in Denver, Colorado (P.L. 114–25) ....................... 150 150 
Defending Public Safety Employees’ Re-
tirement Act & Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–26) ....... ¥1 5 
Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 
(P.L. 114–27) ...................................... ¥640 ¥52 
Boys Town Centennial Commemorative 
Coin Act(P.L. 114–30)
f....................... 0 0 
Steve Gleason Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–40) 13 28 Surface Transportation and Veterans 
Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–41) ........................ ¥1,552 ¥6,924 
Agriculture Reauthorizations Act of 2015 
(P.L. 114–54) ...................................... * * 
Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring 
Authorities Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–58) 624 624 
Protecting Affordable Coverage for Em-
ployees Act (P.L. 114–60) ................... ¥32 ¥2 
Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015 (P.L. 
114–62) ............................................... * * 
Ensuring Access to Clinical Trials Act of 
2015 (P.L. 114–63) ............................. * * 
Adoptive Family Relief Act (P.L. 114–70) * * Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated 
Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015 (H.R. 774) ............................................ * * 
A bill to amend title XI of the Social Se-
curity Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs) (S. 1362) ............................................. * * 
Current Balance ................................................ ¥1,417 ¥6,149 
Memorandum: 
2015–2020 2015–2025 
Changes to Revenues .............................. 4,140 ¥1,284 
Changes to Outlays ................................. 2,723 ¥7,433 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
Notes: n.e. = not able to estimate; P.L. = Public Law. * = between 
¥$500,000 and $500,000. 
aPursuant to S. Con. Res. 11, the Senate Pay-As-You-Go Scorecard was 
reset to zero. 
bThe amounts shown represent the estimated impact of the public laws 
on the deficit. Negative numbers indicate an increase in the deficit; positive numbers indicate a decrease in the deficit. 
cExcludes off-budget amounts. 
dExcludes amounts designated as emergency requirements. 
eP.L. 114–17 could affect direct spending and revenues, but such im-
pacts would depend on future actions of the President that CBO cannot pre-dict. (http://www.cbo.gov/sites/det1mltlfiles/cbofiles/attachments/s615.pdf) 
fP.L. 114–30 will cause a decrease in spending of $5 million in 2017 
and an increase in spending of $5 million in 2019 for a net impact of zero over the six-year and eleven-year periods. 
f 
EPA GOLD KING MINE SPILL 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, last 
month the Senate Indian Affairs Com-mittee held an oversight hearing on the Environmental Protection Agen-cy’s Gold King Mine disaster. I am very grateful that Chairman J
OHNBARRASSO  
and Vice Chairman J ONTESTER quickly 
made this matter a priority for their committee following the August break. The hearing focused on the harmful im-pacts that spill is having on Indian Country, namely the Navajo Nation, the Southern Ute Tribe, and the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe. 
On the Navajo Nation, an estimated 
1,500 farms have been damaged by the EPA and its contractors when they re-leased a deluge of tailings-pond waste-water from the abandoned Gold King Mine. On August 5, 2015, an acidic plume of mercury, arsenic, and other metals worked its way down the 
Animas River in Colorado and into the San Juan River near Farmington, NM. Nobody yet knows for certain the total damage to crops, soil, livestock, wild-life, and water supplies that are crit-ical sources of food for the Navajo peo-ple and also serve as economic and cul-tural centers. Those farmers who were 
able to shut down their irrigation sys-tems watched in horror as their crops wilted. 
The EPA now says water quality in 
the San Juan River has returned to ‘‘pre-event levels,’’ but the Gold King Mine is still releasing water roughly at 600 gallons per minute. The concentra-tions of toxic metals may not as be as high today as it was during the initial 3 million gallon flush, but the Navajo are still waiting for EPA to dem-onstrate it can prevent another large release. The nation is rightfully de-manding assurances that heavy rainfall won’t disturb toxic substances that may have settled in the sediment of the Animas River, the San Juan River, or even Lake Powell. 
In August, I—along with Arizona 
Governor Doug Ducey—met with Nav-ajo Nation president Russell Begaye and Navajo council speaker Lorenzo Bates in Window Rock, AZ, to discuss this matter. I can assure my colleagues that the Navajo are suffering deeply and dearly because of this spill. I have also received calls and letters from a number of concerned constituents, mayors, county supervisors, and busi-nesses in northern Arizona who also have a stake in the health and safety of Lake Powell. They are just as alarmed as the Navajo people that the plume could endanger their livelihoods and their enjoyment of natural resources in their communities. The Arizona De-partment of Environmental Quality and the Arizona Geological Survey have been expending scarce resources to conduct water samples independent of EPA. And that has been helpful. But the Federal Government has to step up and take action that would allow all affected stakeholders, but especially tribal communities, find confidence in what the Federal Government is doing to fix the mess that it created. 
At last month’s hearing, we received 
testimony from EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy and others dealing with the spill, including the Navajo Nation president, Russell Begaye. We also re-ceived testimony from Doug Holtz- Eakin, a noted economist and former Director of the Congressional Budget Office. Mr. Holtz-Eakin estimated that the spill will cost the Navajo’s agri-culture sector roughly $41,000 a day in lost economic activity. 
While I am grateful that Adminis-
trator McCarthy agreed to appear be-fore the committee, I am concerned that, under her watch, not a single Agency employee or contractor had been fired for the disaster. In her testi-mony, Administrator McCarthy por-trayed the EPA’s response to the tribes as timely, but her portrayal was di-rectly contradicted by the testimony of 
the Navajo president, who noted that it took EPA 2 days to notify the tribe about the plume’s threat to the tribe. It was also revealed that Adminis-trator McCarthy did not directly con-tact President Begaye for about 5 days after the spill. The committee also re-ceived testimony that EPA had not quickly and routinely shared water monitory data with the tribes. All of this shatters any notion that EPA has honored its government-to-government responsibility to the nation. 
The Gold King Mine spill was a series 
of failures by EPA that compounded, and the Navajo are paying the price. I will continue to push for increased con-gressional oversight into this matter. 
f 
HEAD START AWARENESS MONTH 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, it is 
with great pleasure that I speak on be-half of the Delaware delegation to honor Head Start’s 50 years of service to our Nation’s most vulnerable chil-dren and families in Delaware and na-tionwide. On May 18, 1965, President Lyndon B. Johnson launched Project Head Start as an 8-week summer dem-onstration project to teach low-income students needed skills before they started kindergarten. Over the past 50 years, Head Start has served 32 million children and families across the coun-try with comprehensive services. 
The Head Start Program has given 
children and families the tools to suc-ceed by ensuring a high quality edu-cation and access to health care and social services. The Head Start Pro-gram represents a critical investment in the education of our nation’s young-est children. In the State of Delaware, 2,714 children and pregnant women ben-efitted from Head Start, Early Head Start, and the Early Childhood Assist-ance Program in 2014. Head Start is in-strumental in uplifting families in Delaware by providing resources to families who, like many of us, want to see their children reach their full po-tential. 
The teachers, home visitors, and fam-
ily service workers that make up the Head Start Program are the backbone of this mission. Without them on the front lines each and every day, these early education goals would not be met. I commend the teachers and staff who are deeply committed to seeing all children succeed. On behalf of Senator C
HRIS COONS and Congressman J OHN 
CARNEY , I recognize Head Start Aware-
ness Month and the 50th Anniversary of Head Start. It is our sincere hope that future generations of children and fam-ilies can continue to greatly benefit from Head Start’s programs and we can put children on the right path from the very beginning. 
f 
OBSERVING INTERNATIONAL DAY 
OF THE GIRL 
Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, October 11 
marked the second annual Inter-national Day of the Girl. This day 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.039 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7542 October 27, 2015 
brings together people and advocacy 
groups to raise awareness about the challenges facing girls around the world. Tragically, today’s regional cri-ses are having a disproportionately de-structive impact on girls. 2015 marks the year with the highest number of displaced persons since World War II. According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, women and girls comprise half of any refugee or in-ternally displaced population. Crises such as the ongoing conflict in Syria, over 1.5 million displaced in South Sudan, and the expanding migrant cri-sis in Europe, among others, risk leav-ing an entire generation of girls shaped by a lack of opportunity, gender-based violence, forced marriage, and dis-rupted education. 
Access to education is often a top 
priority for refugee families upon re-settling in a foreign country. We know that, if empowered with the appro-priate tools, girls can be facilitators of change who can transform their own lives, as well as the lives of their fami-lies, communities, and societies and serve as a bulwark against the condi-tions that contribute to extremism that so many terrorist groups have ex-ploited, often at the expense of women and girls. The lack of access to edu-cation for refugee girls stifles em-powerment and stands in the way of achieving a durable solution to con-flict. 
As the United States and the inter-
national community work to cope with the current refugee crisis, it is critical that we focus not only on security but on the basic needs of refugees, such as access to education and increasing the role of women and girls in humani-tarian response and civil society pro-grams. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THOMAS ROCKROADS, 
JR. 
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor Thomas Rockroads, Jr., a vet-eran of the Vietnam war. On behalf of all Montanans and all Americans, I would like to thank Mr. Rockroads for his service to our State and to our Na-tion. It is my privilege to share Thom-as’s story for the official Senate Record. 
Thomas Rockroads, Jr., was born on 
December 21, 1948, in Crow Agency, MT. His father worked in sawmills in both Kirby and Lame Deer and was a ranch hand and coal miner in Lame Deer. His mother worked for many years at the Northern Hotel before coming home to the Northern Cheyenne Reservation. He spent his childhood in Busby and at-tended Busby High School until joining the Army his junior year. 
In September of 1968, he volunteered 
for the Army Airborne Infantry, and by September of 1969, he found himself jumping out of helicopters and into the highlands of Vietnam. Thomas was a member of the 173rd Airborne Brigade, which was stationed in the hot, humid Tiger Mountains of Vietnam’s Central Highlands. Their responsibilities in-
cluded rescuing and evacuating ground forces, as well as setting up perimeters for operations. They were right in the thick of things, and, as Thomas once put it, ‘‘If there was a hot spot where reinforcements were needed . . . we were there.’’ On more than one occa-sion, this proved to be an important but harrowing position to be in. One night, when the brigade was charged with setting up a perimeter on a hill-side, Thomas and his comrades felt par-ticularly concerned. They knew the area was likely heavily booby-trapped, so they proceeded with extra caution. Their mission was to intercept the 
North Vietnamese forces headed in their direction, and after establishing a perimeter, they were allowed a few hours of rest before being put on high alert. A few hours later, while he was trying to get some sleep, Thomas sud-denly heard a blast, and he was thrown nearly a dozen feet from his makeshift tent. Thomas quickly realized that someone had set off a booby trap, but before he could process much else, a medic began calling his name and he rushed over to help. Thomas worked with the medic to care for his fellow soldier, but shortly thereafter the man died in Thomas’s arms. 
A few days later, Thomas and his bri-
gade found themselves under siege again—this time, without cover, they came face to face with enemy soldiers. The North Vietnamese troops, equipped with an anti-aircraft gun and hiding in-side an irrigation trench, began rapid firing on Thomas and his platoon. Knowing they needed air support, Thomas headed right toward the anti- aircraft gun—as long as it was oper-able, American helicopters couldn’t ac-cess the area. However, his M16 was jammed, so under heavy fire, he had to dislodge the trapped bullets and re-place them with a new magazine. He and a fellow solider finally located the enemy’s weapon at the far end of a hedgerow and headed back into the firestorm with one aim—to disarm it. Before they could reach their target, an enemy solider intercepted them, lobbing a grenade directly at Thomas and his comrade. They both ran for cover, and thankfully the grenade failed to detonate, but mere seconds after that, another soldier charged them, firing wildly at Thomas and his platoon. The soldier was not more than 10 feet away from Thomas when he fi-nally went down. 
Thomas returned to Busby, MT, a 
full 365 days after his deployment. He remarkably didn’t sustain a single scratch. But like many of his fellow veterans, despite his lack of visible wounds, Thomas has struggled with the unseen wounds of war. Thirty-five years after coming back from Vietnam, he was formally diagnosed with post- traumatic stress disorder. 
Despite this often debilitating strug-
gle, Thomas has spent the last 30 years working for Western Energy’s Rosebud Mine at Colstrip and raising two daughters and a son with his wife, 
Charlotte, of 38 years. He also has grandchildren. He credits his family with helping him heal. ‘‘It’s all the support of my family that’s got me where I’m at today,’’ Thomas said. ‘‘My wife is always supporting me. My daughters, my son and my grand-children—I’m very, very fortunate.’’ 
However, Thomas is still haunted by 
his memories daily, and he doesn’t want other soldiers to have to suffer the way he has had to. He believes, like I do, that our commitment to our vet-erans is a cost of war, and we must make it a priority to help, protect, and serve those who served. Too many of our Vietnam veterans never got the homecoming or the recognition they deserved. So today I am honored to have the opportunity to thank Thomas for his bravery both in battle and be-yond. He is a Montanan born and bred, and his life has been a testament to the kind of commitment, courage, and compassion that our State can be proud of. 
It was my honor to recognize Thomas 
Rockroads, Jr. by presenting him with the Bronze Star Medal, National De-fense Service Medal, Vietnam Service Medal, Combat Infantryman Badge 1st Award, Republic of Vietnam Campaign Ribbon with 1960 Device, Sharpshooter Badge with auto rifle bar with rifle bar, Marksman Badge with machine gun bar, and the Parachutist Badge Basic. 
Our State and our Nation thank you, 
Thomas, for your service and for a sol-dier’s sacrifice. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MENTOR: THE NA-
TIONAL MENTORING PARTNER-SHIP 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I 
would like to recognize MENTOR: The National Mentoring Partnership, the leadership of its founders, Geoffrey T. Boisi and Raymond G. Chambers, and the expansion of the mentoring field in the past quarter century. 
This year, MENTOR celebrates its 
25th anniversary. Its founders, Geoffrey T. Boisi and Raymond G. Chambers, were leading businessmen and philan-thropists who understood the value of mentoring in their own lives. They be-lieved passionately that the interven-tion of a caring adult is a critical ele-ment in the life of a young person, and they believed that every young person needs and deserves a powerful relation-ship that supports their growth and gives them the opportunity for success. 
In 1990, Boisi and Chambers recog-
nized the powerful impact that men-toring could have on our Nation’s at- risk youth, and they started a move-ment to increase opportunity for all young people by establishing MENTOR. The success of Boisi’s and Chambers’ efforts has been remarkable. That first year, approximately 300,000 youth at risk of falling off track were paired with a caring adult through a struc-tured mentoring program. Today, 4.5 million at-risk young people will find 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.044 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7543 October 27, 2015 
the support that they need in a men-
toring relationship while growing up. 
We know that research has found 
that young people with a mentor are 55 percent more likely to attend college and more than twice as likely to say that they held a leadership position in a club or sports team than young peo-ple without mentors. We also know that people who are mentored in their youth are 78 percent more likely to volunteer in their communities than those who are not mentored. 
Unfortunately, despite the tremen-
dous growth of the mentoring move-ment in America over the past 25 years, 1 in 3 young people, including 9 million at-risk youth, will still reach adulthood without having a mentor of any kind. This mentoring gap isolates these young people from the meaning-ful connections to adults that would help them to grow and succeed. Fur-thermore, young people are not the only ones who gain from a mentoring relationship. While mentoring empow-ers our children and sets them on the path to success, it also deeply enriches the lives of the adults who are partnered with them. As a mentor my-self, I can attest to this profound ben-efit. 
MENTOR has been a leader in the de-
velopment of best practices to assist mentoring organizations across the country in improving their program quality. MENTOR and its network of affiliate Mentoring Partnerships has set the bar for quality in practice and has strengthened the mentoring field’s capacity to deliver on the promise of mentoring. 
It is clear that, in the last quarter 
century, MENTOR, under the leader-ship of its volunteer board and found-ers, has done tremendous work cham-pioning the advancement of mentoring practice and fostering the growth of the mentoring movement. Therefore, I ask that my colleagues join me in rec-ognizing the accomplishments of this remarkable organization in expanding the quality and availability of men-toring for all young people in the United States, in honoring the service and leadership of MENTOR cofounders Geoffrey T. Boisi and Raymond G. Chambers and their dedication to America’s youth, and in encouraging Americans to discover just how reward-ing mentoring can be through volun-teering with their local mentoring or-ganization. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO REVEREND DOCTOR 
M. WILLIAM HOWARD, JR. 
∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I 
would like to recognize Rev. Dr. M. William Howard, Jr., pastor of New-ark’s Bethany Baptist Church. Dr. Howard has spent many decades lead-ing the charge for change, fueled by his personal mission to utilize his faith to transform the human condition. From his Georgia roots to his work 
at Bethany Baptist, Dr. Howard has shown an extraordinary commitment to serving others. His work outside of the church has spanned the realms of human rights, international affairs, do-mestic policy, and education. In his role over the last 15 years as pastor of Bethany Baptist Church, he has worked tirelessly to expand outreach to the community as a whole. 
Since his first position as a youth 
leader conducting some of the earliest voter outreach efforts in southwest Georgia, Dr. Howard has been a beacon of light across the globe, bridging the worlds of faith and political activism. He has consistently taken on leader-ship roles, serving as moderator of the Programme to Combat Racism of the World Council of Churches, president of the National Council of Churches, and president of the American Committee on Africa. Through these posts, Dr. Howard has provided a powerful exam-ple of our Nation’s commitment to human rights and equality. In minis-tering to U.S. personnel held hostage in Iran in 1979 and working for the re-lease of U.S. Navy pilot Robert O. Goodman, Dr. Howard was a quiet but powerful force for faith and peace. 
Dr. Howard’s record of service and 
leadership domestically is equally im-pressive. Serving as president of New York Theological Seminary, he dem-onstrated the importance of inter-disciplinary approaches to community development by implementing joint programs in social work and urban edu-cation. He has been a board member for such organizations as the National Urban League, the Children’s Defense Fund, and the Rutgers University Board of Governors. Under his leader-ship, the New Jersey Death Penalty Study Commission was instrumental in New Jersey becoming the first State to abolish the death penalty since 1976. 
Finally, Dr. Howard’s impact on the 
city of Newark has been remarkable. As pastor of Bethany, Dr. Howard quickly established Bethany Cares, Inc., and through this outreach cor-poration, the church has actively tran-scended its congregation walls to serve the community at large. Such trans-formative work has played an integral part in strengthening the development of New Jersey’s largest city. 
After 15 years of devoted service as 
pastor of Bethany Baptist Church, Dr. Howard will be retiring. It is an honor to formally recognize Dr. Howard for his unwavering commitment to cre-ating a better world. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING VFW POST 1674 ON 
ITS 75TH ANNIVERSARY 
∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor Veterans of Foreign Wars 
Post 1674 in Siloam Springs, AR, on its 75th anniversary. 
Chartered November 10, 1940, the post 
was named in honor of Levi Douthit, a WWI veteran. 
As a member of the Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs, I understand the im-portance of acknowledging the bravery 
and valor of the men and women who fought in defense of our country, as well as those who continue to serve. Men like Levi Douthit and members of VFW Post 1674 set their personal lives aside to fight for our country. This post recognizes the service, sacrifice, and courage of fellow veterans and con-tinues to offer aid and assistance to those who served our Nation in uni-form. 
As participants in the Buddy Poppy 
Program, members support the vet-erans relief fund. They serve veterans in and around Siloam Springs who need help with daily basic needs and trans-portation to VA health centers for medical treatments. 
Members continue their dedication 
to the community, offering scholar-ships to students, teaching flag eti-quette, and, as partners with Kind at Heart Ministries of Siloam Springs, helping build wheelchair ramps for vet-erans. 
The importance of Post 1674 to the 
community was apparent when more than a decade ago a lack of member-ship and financial troubles nearly forced its closure. Businessmen helped raise support in the community and kept its doors open. 
I congratulate VFW Post 1674 on its 
75th anniversary. I wish Commander Frank Lee and the 163 members who served in U.S. engagements since WWII the best of luck and many more years of camaraderie, service, and invest-ment in the community. ∑ 
f 
50-YEAR CLASS REUNION OF THE 
1965 CLASS OF WESTERN HIGH SCHOOL 
∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, this 
week in my hometown of Baltimore, MD, the Western High School class of 1965 will gather to celebrate their 50th class reunion. In honor of this special occasion, I wish to take a moment to pay tribute to the experiences of the WHS class of 1965 and commemorate the lasting legacy of Western High School, which continues to produce leaders for the Baltimore community. 
To this day, Western High School re-
mains a source of pride for the city of Baltimore. Founded as Western Female High School in 1844, it remains the old-est operating public all-girls high school in the Nation nearly 171 years after its doors opened on North Paca Street. Prior to the opening of Western Female High School and its now defunct companion Eastern Female High School, Baltimore City females were without an opportunity to ad-vance their education beyond the basic grammar school level. Female students from across the city were drawn to the academic rigor of Western High School, creating a true magnet school, as we know today. As the city of Baltimore grew, so did Western High School. In 1896, Western High School moved to a larger location on Lafayette and McCulloh Streets, which allowed for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.043 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7544 October 27, 2015 
the expansion of courses to include 
clerical courses. Today Western High School resides on a joint campus opened in 1967 with the all-male Balti-more Polytechnic Institute on Falls 
Road. 
The WHS class of 1965 graduated from 
Western in a transitionary period for Western. Two years away from the opening of the current campus, West-ern High School students attended classes in the heart of downtown Balti-more. With an overpopulated school building that forced administrators to move to a split shift schedule to ac-commodate all of Western’s students, alumnae often participated in work or volunteer opportunities located within walking distance of the school. This proximity to downtown also allowed Western students to participate in the burgeoning civil rights movement in Baltimore City, including the pick-eting of businesses which refused to serve African Americans. While West-ern High School students can fondly re-member their efforts to fight for social justice in the civil rights movement, the class of 1965 was also struck by the tragic news of President John F. Ken-nedy’s assassination. Even as WHS mourned this news, former Western High School alumna Sarah T. Hughes, then judge of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas and just the third woman to ever serve as a Federal jurist, administered the oath of office to then-Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson aboard Air Force One. 
The storied history of Western High 
School and school motto, ‘‘Lucem accepimus, lucem demus’’—‘‘We have received light, let us give light’’—has continued to inspire generations of stu-dents and countless alumnae of WHS. Among its alumnae include Henrietta Szold, the founder of Hadassah; Trazana Beverley, a 1977 Tony Award Winner; former Maryland State super-intendent of schools Dr. Nancy S. Grasmick; current Baltimore City mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake; and current Western High School principal Michelle White. As the WHS class of 1965 comes together this week to cele-brate their class reunion and years of friendship, I encourage each alumnae to remember the words they were taught at Western High School many years ago and continue to strengthen their own communities. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JAMIE TURNER 
∑Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, it is 
with great pleasure that, on behalf of the Delaware congressional delegation, I wish to honor the exemplary service of Jamie Turner, director of the Dela-ware Emergency Management Agency, upon his retirement. Jamie has served as director for 13 years and during that time has provided first responders and Delaware citizens with emergency pre-paredness training and education to keep Delawareans safe when hazards such as hurricanes, tornadoes, and fires hit Delaware. His efforts will be a guide and inspiration for the hard-working 
employees at DEMA and the many first responders in Delaware for years to come. 
Jamie has a lifetime of experience 
when it comes to responding to emer-gency situations. In 1970, he began his education in fire protection technology at Delaware Technical Community Col-lege. He studied the causes and proper responses to various hazards and pre-ventive measures that can be taken to avoid them entirely. Jamie took the knowledge he gained from his edu-cation and in 1976 began working with the Delaware State Fire School as the emergency service training adminis-trator. It was his responsibility to su-pervise instructors, research technical information, and work with fire, res-cue, and emergency medical services to develop necessary guidelines and effec-tive procedures. 
Then, in 2000, he took on the role of 
executive secretary of the Delaware Volunteer Firemen’s Association, where he was tasked with following legislation at every level of govern-ment that affected DVFA’s member-ship. In this role, he researched dif-ferent laws and ordinances to ensure that the DVFA was following the prop-er guidelines. Thanks to Jamie, Dela-ware’s firefighters stayed informed on the regulations that were put in place to keep themselves and those in emer-gency situations safe. 
Jamie has been a dedicated public 
servant for years. Before his appoint-ment to director of DEMA, he was serv-ing and protecting Delaware through his consistent endeavors to remain on the cutting edge of best practices in emergency protocol and then use that experience to educate others in the field. He is active in the Smyrna Little League and continues to volunteer with the Delaware Fire Service. 
On behalf of Senator C
HRIS COONS and 
Congressman J OHN CARNEY , I whole-
heartedly thank Jamie Turner for his service to the State of Delaware. His model leadership and dedication has improved the quality of our State’s emergency response systems and has kept countless residents safe. We offer our sincere congratulations on a job well done and wish him and his wife Debbie, their daughters Kim and Katie, husbands Mike and Sean respectively, and their grandchildren Madelyn, Har-per, Keegan, and Kolton many happy years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VAUGHN THOMAS 
HAWKES 
∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor Vaughn Thomas Hawkes on his 80th birthday. Vaughn is a native Ida-hoan whose family roots in the State go back generations. He is one of nine children born to a farm family outside of Preston, where he learned hard work and ingenuity are the keys to a good life. The work ethic he learned early on has served him well through his 80 years, but he had a spirit of adventure that was unusual for an Idaho farm 
boy. After he finished college at Utah State University and married his sweetheart of close to 56 years, Frances Arlene Anderson, they embarked on a journey that took them to the tiny is-land territory of American Samoa, where he first taught high school chemistry, math, and physics, and then served as principal at Mapusaga High School. But perhaps some may think his greatest achievement during that time was that he was instrumental in introducing American football to the Samoan people—something many col-lege and NFL teams have appreciated for many years now. An educator by training and inclination, Vaughn spent many years in administrative positions at the Blackfoot School District before finishing his career in the Provo School District where he retired. 
His devotion to his faith has been 
manifest in many ways, including mis-sionary service throughout the world— first as a young missionary in western Canada; then in American Samoa; then in Milan, Italy; and most recently in Santa Monica, CA. His teaching nature has been evident far beyond his profes-sional career, as he has been given the opportunity to educate through that missionary service. Upon his retire-ment from education several years ago, he had served in teaching positions at the LDS Missionary Training Center and the BYU-Idaho Pathways Pro-gram—ever searching to help those who are seeking improvement in their educational pursuits. 
His friends and neighbors know him 
as a tinkerer, a man who can fix any-thing. He maintains a world-class col-lection of tools and parts you never knew you were missing. He is the proud father of eight children—Susan, Rich-ard, Diane, Pamela, Cynthia, Daniel, 
John, and Scott. His eldest daughter, Susan, has worked for me for many years, and I have had the opportunity to get to know Vaughn on a personal level. While he may count them as his greatest achievements, each one of them is grateful for his influence and support in their lives. He taught them how to work, how to fight for what is right and fair, to value education and learning, to take the adventurous path, and to be faithful to the Lord. He has built a life of service and devotion to his family, friends, and faith and serves as a tremendous example of kindness and strength to all who know him. 
As a young farm boy, Vaughn had an 
opportunity to receive the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD every day through the 
mail. He was fascinated by all that transpired in Congress and read the documents studiously. It was only the beginning of a lifetime of curiosity about the world around him. So it seemed a fitting tribute to honor his 80th birthday to provide him with his own mention in that illustrious R
ECORD . We wish him a very happy 80th 
birthday. ∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.040 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7545 October 27, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO WAR CHIEF JOSEPH 
MEDICINE CROW 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I would 
like to wish happy birthday to the last Crow war chief, Joseph Medicine Crow, who is celebrating his 102nd birthday today. He has served proudly as the Crow Tribe’s historian and storyteller, is a decorated World War II veteran, and was the first in his tribe to attain a master’s degree. 
Medicine Crow has lived a life filled 
with numerous accomplishments. He is a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom. The White House identified him as both ‘‘a warrior and living leg-end’’ when he received the Medal of Freedom in 2009. In 2006, his personal memoir, ‘‘Counting Coup,’’ was pub-lished by National Geographic. He is considered one of the most celebrated Native American soldiers due to his selfless service in World War II. 
With his great-grandmother, grand-
mother, mother, and uncle all living past 100 years of age, Medicine Crow credits his long life to his strong fam-ily roots. Medicine Crow’s secret ad-vice to living such a long and full life? He advises going to sleep early, sleep-ing 8 hours, eating breakfast, keeping busy at work, and eating healthy and generously. He also touched on the positive influences of his wife, who urged him to maintain good habits. His positive, endearing spirit and sense of humor truly keeps him young. 
Medicine Crow’s spirit, humility, 
kind disposition, and many incredible life achievements are a model for all Montanans. Happy Birthday, Chief Medicine Crow. I look forward to cele-brating many more. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RUSTY STAFNE 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize the loyal service of A.T. ‘‘Rusty’’ Stafne, chairman of the Fort Peck Assiniboine and Sioux Tribes. Stafne ended his term yesterday and will not be running for reelection as chairman. I am proud to honor and to congratulate him on his service and successes. 
As chairman, Stafne has worked dili-
gently for the Assiniboine and Sioux people on the Fort Peck Reservation and has held firm in his priorities. He has worked to honor veterans, specifi-cally those who served in World War II, and has worked tirelessly to protect wildlife in Montana and on the Fort Peck Reservation. 
We thank Chairman Stafne for his in-
volvement in the Senate Indian Affairs Committee. He has been a tireless ad-vocate for rural water projects and other challenges facing the tribes. He has traveled to Washington, DC, to tes-tify in front of Congress and has broad-ened the eyes of many—giving new and better insight into the life of tribal men and women, so that we can work together to better serve and protect our tribal nations. 
I am thankful for Chairman Stafne’s 
work on behalf of the tribe. His loy-alty, priorities, and hard work set an 
amazing example to the rest of Mon-tana and our great Nation as a whole. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:27 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3033. An act to require the President’s 
annual budget request to Congress each year to include a line item for the Research in Disabilities Education program of the Na-tional Science Foundation and to require the National Science Foundation to conduct re-search on dyslexia. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. 
HATCH ) announced that on October 26, 
2015, he had signed the following en-rolled bill, previously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
H.R. 558. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building’’. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 12:48 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 313. An act to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 per-cent or more for purposes of undergoing med-ical treatment for such disability, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 2:38 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3819. An act to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3033. An act to require the President’s 
annual budget request to Congress each year to include a line item for the Research in Disabilities Education program of the Na-tional Science Foundation and to require the National Science Foundation to conduct re-search on dyslexia; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on October 26, 2015, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: S. 1362. An act to amend title XI of the So-
cial Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs). 
S. 2162. An act to establish a 10–year term 
for the service of the Librarian of Congress. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: 
S. 1326. A bill to amend certain maritime 
programs of the Department of Transpor-tation, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 158). 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, without amendment: 
S. 1789. A bill to improve defense coopera-
tion between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEES 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. McCAIN for the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
Air Force nomination of Col. Thomas K. 
Wark, to be Brigadier General. 
Air Force nomination of Col. Howard P. 
Purcell, to be Brigadier General. 
Air Force nomination of Col. Allan L. 
Swartzmiller, to be Brigadier General. 
Army nomination of Lt. Gen. David D. Hal-
verson, to be Lieutenant General. 
Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Kenneth R. 
Dahl, to be Lieutenant General. 
Army nomination of Col. Erik H. Torring 
III, to be Brigadier General. 
Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Thomas S. 
Vandal, to be Lieutenant General. 
Army nomination of Col. Valeria Gonzalez- 
Kerr, to be Brigadier General. 
Army nomination of Col. John J. Morris, 
to be Brigadier General. 
Air Force nomination of Brig. Gen. Ste-
phen E. Markovich, to be Major General. 
Army nomination of Col. Marta Carcana, 
to be brigadier General. 
Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, for the 
Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORDS on the dates indicated, and 
ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Brandon R. Abel and ending with Brandon A. Zuercher, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 24, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Michelle T. Aaron and ending with Kirk P. Winger, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 9, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Quentin D. Bagby and ending with Mary A. Workman, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 9, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Robert H. Alexander and ending with Justin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27OC6.018 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7546 October 27, 2015 
David Wright, which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on September 9, 2015. 
Army nomination of Matthew P. Tarjick, 
to be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Army nomination of Judith S. Meyers, to 
be Major. 
Army nominations beginning with Thomas 
W. Wisenbaugh and ending with Harold P. Xenitelis, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 9, 2015. 
Army nomination of Michael A. Blaine, to 
be Colonel. 
Navy nomination of Terry A. Petropoulos, 
to be Lieutenant Commander . 
By Mr. THUNE for the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation. 
*Sarah Elizabeth Feinberg, of West Vir-
ginia, to be Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. 
BOOKER ): 
S. 2207. A bill to require the Secretary of 
State to offer rewards of not less than $10,000,000 for information that leads to the arrest or conviction of suspects in connec-tion with the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
BROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. F RANKEN , 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , 
Mr. L EAHY , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. C ASEY ): 
S. 2208. A bill to promote the economic se-
curity and safety of survivors of domestic vi-olence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. CRAPO: 
S. 2209. A bill to revise various laws that 
interfere with the right of the people to ob-tain and use firearms for all lawful purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. 2210. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to establish peer specialists in patient aligned care teams at medical centers of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. 
U
DALL ): 
S. 2211. A bill to authorize additional uses 
of the Spectrum Relocation Fund; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 12 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 12, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
S. 281 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 281, a bill to require a Federal agency to include language in certain educational and advertising materials indicating that such materials are pro-duced and disseminated at taxpayer ex-pense. 
S. 520 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 520, a bill to amend the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conserva-tion Act to reauthorize the Act. 
S. 619 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 619, a bill to include among the principal trade negotiating objectives of the United States regard-ing commercial partnerships trade ne-gotiating objectives with respect to discouraging activity that discourages, penalizes, or otherwise limits commer-cial relations with Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
682, a bill to amend the Truth in Lend-ing Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 746, a bill to provide for the es-tablishment of a Commission to Accel-erate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 773 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 773, a bill to prevent harass-ment at institutions of higher edu-cation, and for other purposes. 
S. 776 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 776, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to im-prove access to medication therapy 
management under part D of the Medi-care program. 
S. 1042 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1042, a bill to amend the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act to permanently prohibit the conduct of offshore drill-ing on the outer Continental Shelf in the Mid-Atlantic, South Atlantic, and North Atlantic planning areas. 
S. 1249 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota 
(Mr. F RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1249, a bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to provide protec-tions for active duty military con-sumers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1334 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from 
Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1334, a bill to strength-en enforcement mechanisms to stop il-legal, unreported, and unregulated fish-ing, to amend the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 to implement the Antigua Convention, and for other purposes. 
S. 1375 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1375, a bill to designate as wilderness certain Federal portions of the red rock canyons of the Colorado Plateau and the Great Basin Deserts in the State of Utah for the benefit of present and future generations of people in the United States. 
S. 1565 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1565, a bill to allow the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection to provide greater protection to servicemembers. 
S. 1719 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1719, a bill to provide for the es-tablishment and maintenance of a Na-tional Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1937 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1937, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act and the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 to im-prove nutrition in tribal areas, and for other purposes. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Senator from 
Montana (Mr. D AINES ), the Senator 
from Arizona (Mr. F LAKE ) and the Sen-
ator from West Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Remem-brance as part of the Korean War Vet-erans Memorial and to allow certain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.011 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7547 October 27, 2015 
private contributions to fund the Wall 
of Remembrance. 
S. 2009 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 2009, a bill to prohibit the sale of arms to Bahrain. 
S. 2042 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2042, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to strengthen pro-tections for employees wishing to advo-cate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or conditions of employ-ment and to provide for stronger rem-edies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 2089 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2089, a bill to provide for investment in clean energy, to em-power and protect consumers, to mod-ernize energy infrastructure, to cut pollution and waste, to invest in re-search and development, and for other purposes. 
S. 2145 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2145, a bill to make sup-plemental appropriations for fiscal year 2016. 
S. 2148 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prevent an increase in the Medicare part B premium and deductible in 2016. 
S. 2152 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) and the Senator from 
Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 2152, a bill to establish a comprehensive United States Govern-ment policy to encourage the efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to de-velop an appropriate mix of power solu-tions, including renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity access in order to support poverty re-duction, promote development out-comes, and drive economic growth, and for other purposes. 
S. 2166 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2166, a bill to amend part B of title IV of the Social Security Act to ensure that mental health screenings and assessments are pro-vided to children and youth upon entry into foster care. 
S. 2184 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2184, a bill to direct the President to establish guidelines for United States 
foreign development and economic as-sistance programs, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2621 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 2621 pro-posed to S. 754, an original bill to im-prove cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of in-formation about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2716 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the Senator from Ari-
zona (Mr. M CCAIN), the Senator from 
Delaware (Mr. C ARPER ), the Senator 
from Iowa (Mr. G RASSLEY ) and the Sen-
ator from South Dakota (Mr. T HUNE ) 
were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 2716 proposed to S. 754, an original bill to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cyberse-curity threats, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for him-
self, Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. 
MARKEY ): 
S. 2210. A bill to require the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to establish peer specialists in patient aligned care teams at med-ical centers of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, 
in 2013, the VA estimated that about 1.5 million veterans required mental health services, which VA provides in a variety of settings. In addition to the traditional VA medical centers, vet-erans may access mental health serv-ices and support through Vet Centers— which often appeal to veterans because of their welcoming, home-like environ-ment; Community Based Outpatient Clinics, which play an important role in telehealth delivery by connecting rural veterans to psychiatry services from the medical center home-base, a Veterans Crisis Line, VA staff on col-lege and university campuses, and other outreach efforts. Another impor-tant means of delivering mental health services has been the inclusion of men-tal health professionals within primary care delivery through VA’s Patient Aligned Care Teams, which improves the screening process and allows pro-viders to recognize and treat mental health issues occurring among those veterans who present in their primary care locations. 
In addition to providing ongoing care 
to veterans with mental health needs, VA plays a role in suicide risk assess-ment and prevention among veterans. According to VA, about one-quarter of the 18 to 22 veterans who die by suicide each day were receiving care through VA. Suicide rates are even higher 
among those veterans who do not use VA for the health care services. Given the stigma and reluctance of some vet-erans to seek mental health treatment, veterans using VA for primary care may be missing a key entry point to the peer support model of care. Ex-panding this effective model into the primary care setting could provide an-other opportunity for veterans to ac-cess mental health services through VA. That is why, today, I am intro-ducing—with my cosponsors Senators B
ALDWIN and M ARKEY —the Veteran 
Partners’ Efforts to Enhance Re-integration, Veteran PEER Act, a bill that would expand the peer support model of care for mental health serv-ices within the VA system to help en-sure that veterans receive the effective and timely care they deserve. 
VA has begun a program to co-locate 
mental health care providers within primary care settings in an effort to promote effective treatment of com-
mon mental health conditions in the primary care environment. This is a positive step; however, the peer sup-port model of care for mental health services has not been similarly inte-grated. Research on the use of the peer support model of care for mental health services within the VA has shown that Peer Specialists helped pa-tients become more active in treat-ment, which can promote recovery. Peer support was recognized by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services as an evidence-based practice in 2007; and over 20 states have Med-icaid reimbursement for peer support services. In response to the President’s August 2014 Executive Orders to im-prove mental health services for vet-erans, VA committed to integrating and expanding the peer support model of care beyond traditional mental health settings into primary care clin-ics in order to better connect with vet-erans wherever they seek care. How-ever, progress toward placing Peer Spe-cialists in primary care teams has been slow. 
The Veteran PEER bill would require 
VA to expand its use of Peer Special-ists—VA employees who promote vet-erans’ recovery by sharing their own recovery stories, providing encourage-ment, and teaching skills needed for successful recovery. These profes-sionals may also provide case manage-ment assistance, help with accessing the right mental health care, and teach coping and self-advocacy skills. In gen-eral, peer support programs aim to de-velop veterans’ self-management skills and restore participation in work and other social roles. Recognizing this ef-fective model of care, this bill would require VA to establish Peer Special-ists in Patient Aligned Care Teams within VA medical centers to promote the use and integration of mental health services into the primary care setting. Over a two year period, the program would be carried out in 25 lo-cations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.016 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7548 October 27, 2015 
The bill directs VA to take into con-
sideration the needs of female veterans when establishing peer support pro-grams, ensure that female Peer Spe-cialists are made available to veterans through the program, and consider rural and underserved areas when se-lecting program locations. VA would be required to regularly report to Con-gress on the progress of the program including on its benefits to veterans and their family members and data on the gender of clients served by the pro-gram. Given that VA is one of the larg-est employers of Peer Specialists, VA’s regular reporting on the program would not only allow Congress to con-duct appropriate oversite of the activi-ties, but could also provide important insights for the wider peer support community. 
Given the pressing need for mental 
health services, it is imperative that we equip VA with the resources and or-ganizational structure it needs to care for veterans who access these services and to find ways to reach more vet-erans with effective mental health services when they need them. Expand-ing the peer support model into the pri-mary care setting could provide an-other opportunity for veterans to ac-cess mental health services through VA. As a nation we have asked more of these individuals than most of us can comprehend. We must now honor the promise we made as a nation—to take care of those who have taken care of us. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill and let-ters of support be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2210 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veteran 
Partners’ Efforts to Enhance Reintegration Act’’ or the ‘‘Veteran PEER Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROGRAM ON ESTABLISHMENT OF PEER 
SPECIALISTS IN PATIENT ALIGNED CARE TEAM SETTINGS WITHIN MED-ICAL CENTERS OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) P ROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs shall carry out a program to establish peer specialists in patient aligned care teams at medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs to promote the use and integration of mental health services in a primary care setting. 
(b) T
IMEFRAME FOR ESTABLISHMENT OF PRO-
GRAM .—The Secretary shall carry out the 
program at medical centers of the Depart-ment as follows: 
(1) Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, at not fewer than ten medical centers of the Department. 
(2) Not later than two years after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, at not fewer than 25 medical centers of the Department. 
(c) S
ELECTION OF LOCATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall select 
medical centers for the program as follows: 
(A) Not fewer than five shall be medical 
centers of the Department that are des-ignated by the Secretary as polytrauma cen-
ters. 
(B) Not fewer than ten shall be medical 
centers of the Department that are not des-ignated by the Secretary as polytrauma cen-ters. 
(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In selecting medical 
centers for the program under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider the feasibility and advisability of selecting medical centers in the following areas: 
(A) Rural areas and other areas that are 
underserved by the Department. 
(B) Areas that are not in close proximity 
to an active duty military installation. 
(C) Areas representing different geographic 
locations, such as census tracts established by the Bureau of the Census. 
(d) G
ENDER -SPECIFIC SERVICES .—In car-
rying out the program at each location se-lected under subsection (c), the Secretary shall ensure that— 
(1) the needs of female veterans are specifi-
cally considered and addressed; and 
(2) female peer specialists are included in 
the program. 
(e) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) P ERIODIC REPORTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 180 days thereafter until the Secretary deter-mines that the program is being carried out at the last location to be selected under sub-section (c), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the program. 
(B) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by 
subparagraph (A) shall include the following: 
(i) The findings and conclusions of the Sec-
retary with respect to the program during the 180-day period preceding the submittal of the report. 
(ii) An assessment of the benefits of the 
program to veterans and family members of veterans during the 180-day period preceding the submittal of the report. 
(2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the Secretary determines that the pro-gram is being carried out at the last location to be selected under subsection (c), the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report de-tailing the recommendations of the Sec-retary as to the feasibility and advisability of expanding the program to additional loca-tions. 
Chicago, IL, October 14, 2015. 
Hon. R ICHARD BLUMENTHAL , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATOR BLUMENTHAL : On behalf of 
the Depression and Bipolar Support Alliance (DBSA), it is with great pleasure that I en-dorse the Veteran Partners’ Efforts to En-hance Re-integration (PEER) Act. This bill addresses a critically important gap within the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) that inhibits access to behavioral health services. We look forward to working with you to improve veterans’ access to care. 
Since 2013, the VA has effectively used peer 
support specialists to enhance behavioral health care delivered to veterans in behav-ioral health settings. Yet, a majority of vet-erans in need of behavioral health care will 
enter the VA system through a primary care center. To help create the necessary connec-tion from primary care to behavioral health services, the PEER Act will utilize behav-ioral health peer support specialists to assist veterans in various primary care settings. 
Specifically, the bill will require the VA to 
establish a pilot program to assess the feasi-bility and advisability of establishing peer support specialists in Patient Aligned Care Teams within VA medical centers to pro-mote the use and integration of mental health services into the primary care set-ting. DBSA strongly supports the require-
ment that VA medical centers give special consideration to the needs of female vet-erans when designing the pilot programs and ensure that female peer support specialists are available in each of the pilot locations. We also welcome the collection and report-ing of data that will provided to Congress every six months from the pilot. The VA uti-lizes the largest number of peer support spe-cialists in the nation. As such, this data will help improve the role of the peer support specialists within the VA and throughout America’s entire health care system. 
As the leading peer-led organization sup-
porting individuals with mood disorders and their families, DBSA understands the impor-tance of peer support for individuals with a behavioral health condition. We feel strongly that expanded use of peer specialists within the VA will increase veteran engagement in their care, and lead to better outcomes and sustained wellness. We applaud you for lead-ing this new effort and stand ready to sup-
port the VA as it implements this pilot pro-gram. 
Sincerely, 
A
LLEN DOEDERLEIN , 
President, 
Depression and Bipolar Support Alliance. 
NATIONAL ALLIANCE ON  
MENTAL ILLNESS , 
Arlington, VA, October 26, 2015. 
Hon. R ICHARD BLUMENTHAL , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATOR BLUMENTHAL : On behalf of 
the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI), I am writing to offer our strong sup-port for your proposed legislation, the Vet-eran Partners’ Efforts to Enhance Re-Inte-gration (PEER) Act. As the nation’s largest organization representing people living with serious mental illness and their families, NAMI is pleased to support this important legislation. 
As you know, the Department of Veterans 
Affairs (VA) currently uses Peer Specialists to assist veterans living with mental illness. These Peer Specialists do a tremendous job in helping veterans’ access mental health services and navigate the complicated VA health care system. Every day they promote recovery through development of self-man-agement skills and assistance in moving to-ward employment and community integra-tion. 
Your PEER bill would direct the VA to es-
tablish a pilot program to assess the feasi-bility of ‘‘going to scale’’ in the VA with a peer support program built on Patient Aligned Care Teams within VA medical cen-ters across the nation. This would be a major step forward in promoting integration of mental health services into primary care settings. Your bill would also direct the VA to specifically take into consideration the needs of female veterans when designing pilot programs and to ensure that female peer support specialists are available in each of the pilot locations. 
NAMI strongly supports this effort to ex-
pand access to peer specialists in the VA. Thank you for bringing this important legis-lation forward. NAMI looks forward to work-ing with you to ensure its swift passage. 
Sincerely, 
M
ARYGILIBERTI . 
MILITARY OFFICERS ASSOCIATION  
OFAMERICA  
Alexandria, VA, October 26, 2015. 
Hon. R ICHARD BLUMENTHAL , 
Ranking Member, Committee on Veterans Af-
fairs, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATOR BLUMENTHAL : On behalf of 
the more than 390,000 members of the Mili-tary Officers Association of America 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.019 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7549 October 27, 2015 
(MOAA), I’m writing to thank you for spon-
soring the ‘‘Veteran Partners Efforts to En-hance Reintegration (PEER) Act,’’ a bill that would establish a two-year pilot pro-gram that requires the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to establish peer specialists in patient aligned care teams at 25 medical cen-ter locations. 
MOAA has long supported peer support 
programs as a means to enhance delivery of health care services. By extending VA’s ex-isting mental health peer support model into the primary care setting helps to further re-duce barriers in accessing mental health services while also supporting the Depart-ment’s current efforts at integrating mental- physical health care concurrently to in-crease system capacity. 
All veterans deserve access to mental 
health care when they need it and wherever they may live. As such, we are particularly grateful for special consideration in this leg-islation for female veterans and those living in rural or underserved areas. 
I greatly appreciate your leadership and 
look forward to the passage of this timely legislation. 
Sincerely, 
N
ORBERT RYAN, Jr., 
President. 
AMERICAN PUBLIC HEALTH ASSOCIATION , 
October 23, 2015. 
Hon. R ICHARD BLUMENTHAL , 
Ranking Member, Senate Committee on Vet-
erans’ Affairs, Washington, DC. 
DEAR RANKING MEMBER BLUMENTHAL : On 
behalf of the American Public Health Asso-ciation, a diverse community of public health professionals who champion the health of all people and communities, I write in support of the Veteran Partners’ Efforts to Enhance Reintegration Act, which would require the inclusion of peer support special-ists in Patient Aligned Care Teams within medical centers at the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. 
Rates of mental illness are disproportion-
ately high among U.S. veterans, particularly posttraumatic stress disorder, substance abuse disorders, depression, anxiety and military sexual trauma. Nearly 50 percent of combat veterans from Iraq report that they have suffered from PTSD, and close to 40 per-cent of these same veterans report problem alcohol use. In 2010, about 22 veterans died each day as a result of suicide. Military cul-ture promotes inner strength, self-reliance and the ability to shake off injury, which may contribute to stigma surrounding men-tal health issues. Stigma may create a reluc-tance to seek help and a fear of negative so-cial consequences, and is the most often cited reason for why people to do not seek counseling or other mental health services. 
Through a peer support model of care, Peer 
Specialists—veterans who have recovered or are recovering from a mental health condi-tion—provide veterans with assistance in ac-cessing mental health services, navigating the health care system and skills needed for a successful recovery. Expanding the peer support model to the primary care setting may offer a key entry point for those reluc-tant to access mental health services. The bill would also direct the VA to take into consideration the needs of female veterans and locations that are underserved. 
Thank you for your commitment to the 
health and wellbeing of U.S. veterans and to improving access to mental health services 
within the VA. 
Sincerely, 
G
EORGES C. B ENJAMIN , MD, 
Executive Director. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2749. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN ) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B URR 
(for himself and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) to the bill 
S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2749. Mr. BURR (for himself and 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) proposed an amend-
ment to amendment SA 2716 proposed by Mr. B
URR (for himself and Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN ) to the bill S. 754, to improve 
cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of informa-tion about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 11, line 3, strike ‘‘period’’ and in-
sert ‘‘periodic’’. 
On page 11, line 10, strike ‘‘532’’ and insert 
‘‘632’’. 
On page 20, line 21, strike ‘‘measures’’ and 
insert ‘‘measure’’. 
On page 56, line 8, strike ‘‘and’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘(7)’’ on line 9 and insert the following: 
(7) the term ‘‘national security system’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 11103 of title 40, United States Code; and 
(8) 
On page 57, line 8, strike ‘‘and’’. On page 57, line 11, strike the period at the 
end and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
On page 57, between lines 11 and 12, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(4) the term ‘national security system’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 11103 of title 40, United States Code. 
On page 64, lines 14 and 15, strike ‘‘Not-
withstanding section 202, in this subsection’’ and insert ‘‘In this subsection only’’. 
On page 69, line 13, strike ‘‘all taken’’ and 
insert ‘‘taken all’’. 
On page 76, line 22, insert ‘‘and the Direc-
tor of the Office of Management and Budget’’ after ‘‘Intelligence’’. 
On page 77, lines 12 and 13, strike ‘‘, as de-
fined in section 11103 of title 40, United States Code’’. 
On page 77, line 14, insert ‘‘and the Direc-
tor of the Office of Management and Budget’’ after ‘‘Intelligence’’. 
On page 78, between lines 2 and 3, insert 
the following: 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to designate an information system as a national security system. 
On page 78, line 18, strike ‘‘owned’’ and in-
sert ‘‘used’’. 
Beginning on page 80, line 25, strike ‘‘use’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘other’’ on page 81, line 6, and insert ‘‘intrusion detection and prevention capabilities under section 230(b)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 for the purpose of ensuring the security of’’. 
On page 84, line 25, strike ‘‘Act’’ and insert 
‘‘Act of 2015’’. 
On page 85, between lines 11 and 12, insert 
the following: 
(D) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; 
On page 86, line 26, insert ‘‘the Director of 
the National Institute of Standards and Technology and’’ after ‘‘coordination with’’. 
On page 88, line 8, strike ‘‘non-civilian’’ 
and insert ‘‘noncivilian’’. 
On page 89, line 23, insert ‘‘, the Director of 
the National Institute of Standards and Technology,’’ after ‘‘Director’’. 
On page 91, line 11, strike ‘‘203 and 204’’ and 
insert ‘‘303 and 304’’. 
On page 91, line 21, insert ‘‘, in consulta-
tion with the Director of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology,’’ after ‘‘Security’’. 
On page 92, line 9, insert ‘‘, in consultation 
with the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology,’’ after ‘‘Sec-
retary’’. 
On page 96, line 19, strike ‘‘likely,’’ and in-
sert ‘‘likely’’. 
On page 96, line 22, strike ‘‘present’’ and in-
sert ‘‘present,’’. 
Beginning on page 103, strike line 10 and 
all that follows through page 105, line 24, and insert the following: 
(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall convene health care industry stakeholders, cybersecurity experts, and any Federal agencies or entities the Secretary determines appropriate to establish a task force to— 
(A) analyze how industries, other than the 
health care industry, have implemented strategies and safeguards for addressing cy-bersecurity threats within their respective industries; 
(B) analyze challenges and barriers private 
entities (notwithstanding section 102(15)(B), excluding any State, tribal, or local govern-ment) in the health care industry face secur-ing themselves against cyber attacks; 
(C) review challenges that covered entities 
and business associates face in securing networked medical devices and other soft-ware or systems that connect to an elec-tronic health record; 
(D) provide the Secretary with information 
to disseminate to health care industry stake-holders for purposes of improving their pre-paredness for, and response to, cybersecurity threats affecting the health care industry; 
(E) establish a plan for creating a single 
system for the Federal Government to share information on actionable intelligence re-garding cybersecurity threats to the health care industry in near real time, requiring no fee to the recipients of such information, in-cluding which Federal agency or other entity may be best suited to be the central conduit to facilitate the sharing of such information; and 
(F) report to Congress on the findings and 
recommendations of the task force regarding carrying out subparagraphs (A) through (E). 
(2) T
ERMINATION .—The task force estab-
lished under this subsection shall terminate on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(3) D
ISSEMINATION .—Not later than 60 days 
after the termination of the task force estab-lished under this subsection, the Secretary shall disseminate the information described in paragraph (1)(D) to health care industry stakeholders in accordance with such para-
graph. 
(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to limit the antitrust exemption under section 104(e) or the protection from liability under section 106. 
(e) C
YBERSECURITY FRAMEWORK .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish, through a collaborative process with the Secretary of Homeland Security, health care industry stakeholders, the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology, and any Federal agency or entity the Secretary determines appropriate, a single, voluntary, national health-specific cybersecurity frame-work that— 
(A) establishes a common set of voluntary, 
consensus-based, and industry-led standards, security practices, guidelines, methodolo-gies, procedures, and processes that serve as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Mar 16, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\OCT 2015\S27OC5.REC S27OC5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7550 October 27, 2015 
a resource for cost-effectively reducing cy-
bersecurity risks for a range of health care organizations; 
(B) supports voluntary adoption and imple-
mentation efforts to improve safeguards to address cybersecurity threats; 
(C) is consistent with the security and pri-
vacy regulations promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note) and with the Health Informa-
tion Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (title XIII of division A, and title IV of division B, of Public Law 111–5), and the amendments made by such Act; and 
(D) is updated on a regular basis and appli-
cable to the range of health care organiza-tions described in subparagraph (A). 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this subsection 
shall be interpreted as granting the Sec-retary authority to— 
(A) provide for audits to ensure that health 
care organizations are in compliance with the voluntary framework under this sub-section; or 
(B) mandate, direct, or condition the award 
of any Federal grant, contract, or purchase on compliance with such voluntary frame-work. 
(3) N
O LIABILITY FOR NONPARTICIPATION .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to subject a health care organization to liabil-ity for choosing not to engage in the vol-untary activities authorized under this sub-section. 
On page 107, line 10, strike ‘‘shall each’’ 
and insert ‘‘shall’’. 
On page 107, lines 11 and 12, strike ‘‘each 
Comptroller General of the United States and’’. 
On page 110, strikes lines 6 through 16. On page 111, lines 8 and 9, strike ‘‘under 
subsection (b)’’ and insert ‘‘pursuant to sec-tion 9(a) of Executive Order 13636 of Feb-ruary 12, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 11742), relating to identification of critical infrastructure where a cybersecurity incident could reason-ably result in catastrophic regional or na-tional effects on public health or safety, eco-nomic security, or national security’’. 
On page 111, strike lines 22 through 24 and 
insert the following: 
Resources of the Senate; 
(F) the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce of the House of Representatives; and 
(G) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate. 
On page 112, line 3, add a period at the end. On page 112, strike lines 4 through 10. On page 113, line 14, strike ‘‘intrusion’’. Beginning on page 114, strike line 7 and all 
that follows through page 115, line 9. 
On page 115, after line 9, add the following: 
SEC. 408. STOPPING THE FRAUDULENT SALE OF 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PEO-PLE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 1029(h) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘title if—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘therefrom.’’ and in-
serting ‘‘title if the offense involves an ac-cess device issued, owned, managed, or con-trolled by a financial institution, account issuer, credit card system member, or other entity organized under the laws of the United States, or any State, the District of Columbia, or other Territory of the United States.’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 27, 2015, 9 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Oc-tober 27, 2015, at 4 p.m., in room S–207 of the Capitol. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 27, 2015, at 9 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 27, 2015, at 9 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Internal Revenue Service’s Re-sponse to Committee Recommenda-tions Contained in its August 5, 2015 Report.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-
ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 27, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 27, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that Jeremy Kuester, a fellow in my office, be granted privi-leges of the floor for the remainder of the session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
OCTOBER 28, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, October 28; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 12 noon, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:23 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, October 28, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC6.022 S27OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1541 October 27, 2015 
RESEARCH EXCELLENCE AND AD-
VANCEMENTS FOR DYSLEXIA ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DONNA F. EDWARDS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I wish to join 
my colleagues in support of H.R. 3033, the Research Excellence and Advancements for Dyslexia—or READ—Act. 
The READ Act directs the NSF to devote 
funding to support dyslexia research, and to look at that research with an eye to its prac-tical application. This will include early identi-fication and intervention for children with dys-lexia, guidance and professional development for teachers on working with students with dyslexia, and the development of educational tools and curricula which aid those with dys-lexia. 
Mr. Speaker, dyslexia is the most common 
learning disability in America, with an esti-mated 1 in 6 individuals potentially suffering from some form of dyslexia. Unfortunately, many people go undiagnosed, or are diag-nosed but do not have access to the re-sources or alternative learning methods that could help them. I remember how much effort it took just to get the school system to recog-nize that my son should get tested for dys-lexia, not to mention getting him the interven-tions and tools that he needed in order to be a successful student. 
We need to encourage the scientific re-
search around dyslexia, especially as it relates to early identification and early intervention. 
I encourage all of my fellow Members of 
Congress to support this bill. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MICHAEL GUARDINO 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. Michael Guardino, head of Carmel High School’s science department, Carmel-by- the-Sea, CA. One would be hard-pressed to find a teacher more devoted to the art of edu-cation than Mr. Guardino. 
A lifetime lover of knowledge, Mr. Guardino 
believes that every student deserves an uncompromised understanding of the funda-mental sciences, creating a classroom atmos-phere known both for its incredible rigor and rewards. Each morning, he arrives before the crack of dawn, preparing fascinating demos and labs to truly engage his students. Nobody can escape his notoriously difficult AP Chem-istry course without a firm comprehension and appreciation for the chemical world, even if he has to blow stuff up—in the name of science—to get his students’ attention. Every day, his students are challenged in new ways 
to approach unfamiliar problems and create solutions based on scientific processes. Whether it is titration, qualitative analysis, spectrophotometry, or chromatography, he finds a way to make each laboratory experi-ment challenging and captivating. 
Away from the classroom, Mr. Guardino 
demonstrates his passion for SCUBA by act-ing as a volunteer diver at the Monterey Bay Aquarium for over 30 years, teaching the ecol-ogy and chemistry of kelp forests from inside the aquarium’s massive tanks. Granting his students an incredible opportunity, he ar-ranged a tour of Ed Ricketts’ lab, part of the inspiration for ‘‘Cannery Row’’. This allowed them to hear rich first-hand experiences of Steinbeck and ‘‘Doc’’ recounted by the 96- year-old Frank Wright. 
Mr. Guardino cares deeply for each of his 
students, giving his best efforts to teach and expecting their best efforts to learn. Giving un-told hours of his personal time, Mr. Guardino personally helped Ethan Miller—a student bedridden for months due to a severe ill-ness—learn the massive amounts of chemistry covered during his absence from school. Com-ing to school over the weekends and even on Thanksgiving, he ensured that Ethan under-stood the material. His tireless work paid off: Ethan completed AP Chemistry with an A both semesters and scored highly on the AP exam, earning college credit. 
Mr. Speaker, I’m sure the House joins me in 
thanking Mr. Guardino for his dedication to his profession and to his students. 
f 
40TH ANNUAL LABOR AND 
COMMUNITY AWARDS RECEPTION 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is my dis-
tinct honor to congratulate several of North-west Indiana’s finest citizens. The Northwest Indiana Federation of Labor American Federa-tion of Labor–Congress of Industrial Organiza-tions (AFL–CIO) will be recognizing several in-dividuals and organizations for their dedication and service during the 40th Annual Labor and Community Awards Reception, which will be held at Wicker Park in Highland, Indiana, on Wednesday, October 28, 2015. These individ-uals, in addition to all Northwest Indiana Fed-eration of Labor members who have served Northwest Indiana so diligently for such a long period of time, are the epitome of the ideal American worker: loyal, dedicated, and hard-working. 
At this year’s event, several individuals and 
organizations will receive special recognition. John T. Coli, International Brotherhood of Teamsters Joint Council 25, and Harvey Jack-son, International Brotherhood of Teamsters Local 142, are the recipients of the Service to Labor Award for their many years of service to the labor movement and their outstanding 
dedication to their fellow union members. The Union Label Award will be presented to Jeff Manes, a freelance reporter and member of National Writers Union 1981 and United Auto Workers, for his unselfish devotion to the labor movement through its promotion in all areas: social, civic, educational, and political. 
The National Association of Letter Carriers 
will be honored with the Community Services Award for its exemplary service to the commu-nity and to the enhancement of the quality of life for the people of Northwest Indiana. Eliza-beth ‘‘Betty’’ Quinn, American Federation of Teachers Indiana, will be honored with the Lifetime Achievement Award for her many years of labor activism and her commitment to her community. For the exceptional service she has provided to the people of Northwest Indiana, she is worthy of our admiration and respect. Dave Danko, President, United Steel Workers 7–1 (BP Refinery), is this year’s re-cipient of the President’s Award. Mr. Danko is being honored for enhancing the well-being of workers throughout Northwest Indiana through countless contributions to further the philos-ophy of the labor movement. 
Harold Sitz, Ironworkers Local 1, Randy 
Palmateer, Business Manager, Northwest Indi-ana Building and Construction Trades Council, and Dan Murchek, President, Northwest Indi-ana Federation of Labor AFL–CIO, and Presi-dent, Lake County Police Association Local 72, Lake County Federation of Police Local 12, will be presented with the George Meany Award for their significant contributions to the youth of their communities through their in-volvement with the Boy Scouts of America. 
Northwest Indiana has a rich history of ex-
cellence in its craftsmanship and loyalty by its tradesmen. These honorees are all out-standing examples of these qualities. They have demonstrated their loyalty to their unions and the Northwest Indiana community through their hard work and tireless service. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distin-
guished colleagues join me in congratulating these dedicated, honorable, and exemplary citizens, as well as all of the hardworking union men and women throughout America. They have shown commitment and courage toward their pursuits, and I am proud to rep-resent them in Washington, D.C. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF LT. 
GEORGE WHITMORE 
HON. SCOTT DesJARLAIS 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the memory of a courageous Amer-ican and a proud son of Tennessee, Lt. George Whitmore. 
George Whitmore, of Shelbyville, Ten-
nessee, enlisted in the Army on September 10, 1935 when he was sixteen years old, two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27OC8.001 E27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1542 October 27, 2015 
years before he was eligible under Army en-
listment rules. On May 6, 1937, Whitmore was promoted to Corporal and later to Sergeant. For the next few years he served in the Na-tional Guard and until February 24, 1941, when he was called up to Active Federal Serv-ice. 
After completing Officer Candidacy School 
in Ft. Benning, GA, Whitmore was commis-sioned as a 2nd Lieutenant and entered the Army Ranger Combat Training program. After completing Ranger Training, Lt. Whitmore took part in the invasion of Normandy, where he bravely fought on Utah Beach. 
He served on the front lines of Europe 
bravely defending his country, leading pla-toons of soldiers throughout the Normandy and Rhineland campaigns. On July 15, 1944, Lt. Whitmore was wounded in combat by an enemy artillery shell in northern France while pressing an attack against the German front. 
During his 18 years of service to our country 
Lt. Whitmore received several service honors, including the Purple Heart Medal, the Combat Infantryman Badge and two Bronze Service Stars, among many others. 
In August of 2008, Lt. Whitmore returned to 
Tennessee to make his home in Normandy, TN, where he resided with his wife of 74 years, and his youngest daughter and son-in- law until his passing on October 9, 2015, at the age of 96. 
To the family of Lt. Whitmore, we are sin-
cerely grateful for his service. George truly ex-emplified the spirit of ‘‘the Greatest Genera-tion.’’ 
f 
H.R. 3762, GOP RECONCILIATION 
ACT 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on 
October 23, 2015, I was unable to be here to vote on H.R. 3762 (Roll Call 568), the GOP Reconciliation Act. Had I been present, I would have voted no on H.R. 3762. I have voted against this bill twice, once in the En-ergy & Commerce Committee and again in the Budget Committee. I was unable to make the vote because I was back in my district to at-tend a meeting with Secretary of Education Arne Duncan, parents, students and teachers to work directly on a huge challenge of im-proving schools in that community that are fail-ing our children. 
Below are the statements I made during the 
Energy & Commerce Committee and Budget Committee markups of H.R. 3762. 
BUDGET COMMITTEE  
‘‘This is creating great economic uncer-
tainty. Back home, I represent a district with an Air Force base that is home to U.S. Central Command and Special Operations Command. They are beside themselves about the inability of the Congress to move for-ward with a reasonable budget plan. It is now complicating the military missions of our country. They don’t want another CR. That is a dead end. They don’t want an OCO gimmick that doesn’t serve our country well. They want those monies in the base defense budget, and have spoken out loudly. 
And then on the domestic side our medical 
researchers, transportation, infrastructure, all of those important jobs that help lift 
America are also being undercut by the un-certainty created here in the Congress. 
Now, I am very happy this is being done in 
an open setting today, because it really lays bare the priorities of the two parties here in Congress. The Democratic priority is to ad-dress the budget uncertainty, come together, work out a plan to move forward and avoid the government shutdown. The Republican priority, however, is to continue to attack women’s health care and intimidate Planned Parenthood nonprofit clinics and the women that go there for their health services. This witch hunt continues, and it is not serving the interests of our great country. It is be-neath the dignity of this Congress, because what is going to happen when we come back after next week? There is a new Benghazi- like select committee to continue this witch hunt. 
I mean, this is really an all-time low. 
There has been an attack on women’s health now for decades, but now the all-time low is what happened this summer with these man-ufactured YouTube videos now becoming the basis of public policy in America while all the investigations done here in the Congress and in States across the country have dem-onstrated no wrongdoing whatsoever. So we are going to waste taxpayer funds and impor-tant time on this witch hunt? I think it is very unfortunate. 
You know, the approval ratings of Con-
gress are at an all-time low, and I have to say, this demonstrates why that is, because it is Congress and the governing—so called governing party, is not focused on the prior-ities for our great country, instead, focused on intimidating women and trusted clinics across the country. I urge a no vote on this and the reconciliation package. Thank you.’’ 
ENERGY & COMMERCE COMMITTEE  
‘‘Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I 
have to say, the Republican majority has really taken us back in a time warp today. It feels like we are probably back in the 1950s. The first half of the hearing was on energy policy, was very anti-science. It was prac-tically the world is flat. They refused to ad-dress the changing climate, and the chal-lenges that poses for our country and our communities, refused to modernize Amer-ica’s energy policy by unleashing innovation to benefit consumers and businesses all across America. But now the GOP majority wants to restrict contraceptives, and family planning services. This is decades old in—and it is another unconscionable attack on wom-en’s health and Planned Parenthood. 
And I wanted to pose a question, which is 
doing more today in America to reduce the number of unplanned pregnancies. Certainly not the Republicans in Congress, who con-tinue to vote to block access to contracep-tives, and family planning, as they are ....  
. . . No, it is Planned Parenthood that is 
doing more to reduce the number of un-planned pregnancies in America. 
Now, although the GOP attacks on wom-
en’s health have gone on for years here in the Congress, we recently hit a new low this summer, when a shady group, that is actu-ally under criminal investigation, helped launch a broad-based smear campaign against Planned Parenthood. To date, all of the investigations that have been launched have turned up there is no evidence to sub-stantiate the allegations that Planned Par-enthood, or any of its affiliates, violated the law, including an investigation by this very Committee. 
Actually, what the evidence has turned up 
so far is that Mr. Dunliden, and his organiza-tion that doctored the YouTube videos, mis-represented itself to gain access to medical conferences and Planned Parenthood facili-ties. They should be the ones that are under 
investigation and brought to account. The investigations out there so far have showed that the videos are selectively edited, they repeatedly omit exculpatory statements about compliance with the law. We simply cannot allow Republicans in Congress to use these falsified videos to continue their ex-tremist agenda against women and deny women access to comprehensive healthcare. 
You know, this is the House of Representa-
tives, and the population of the United States of America is a little more female, about 50—a little over 50 percent. But here in the Congress, you all know what the percent-age is. It is under 20 percent female. Well, it certainly shows. I will urge my colleagues to defeat this attempt, again, to paint another chapter in the radical agenda against wom-en’s health. . . . I hope you have read the legislation that will be considered today, be-cause what it will do is eliminate access to contraceptives and family planning. If my Republican colleagues truly believe that there should be family planning services, and contraceptives allowed to women and fami-lies across America, they should vote no on this radical idea, and this idea of reconcili-ation today. I will yield back the balance of my time.’’ 
Again, if I was present for the vote today 
on H.R. 3762, I would have voted no. 
f 
THE GLOBAL CRISIS OF 
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, the 
world is experiencing a crisis of international religious freedom that poses a direct challenge to U.S. interests in the Middle East, Central and East Asia, Russia, China, and sub-Saha-ran Africa. In large parts of the world, this fun-damental freedom is constantly and brutally under siege. The worldwide erosion of respect for this fundamental freedom is the cause of widespread human suffering, grave injustices, refugee flows, and significant threats to peace and stability. 
This Congress has heard the cries of Iraqi 
and Syrian Christians who face the threat of extinction, slavery, and death. We have heard about the plight of Rohingya Muslims, who face attacks and such unimaginable discrimi-nation from hard-line Buddhist groups that many chose slavery elsewhere than life in Burma. We have heard about the persecution faced by Chinese Christians, Tibetan Bud-dhists, Uyghur Muslims, and Falun Gong at the hands of a Communist Party suspicious of organized religion. And, many of us on this subcommittee have seen firsthand the reli-gious dividing lines in sub-Saharan Africa that are the cause of so much death and destruc-tion. 
In a world where some people are willing to 
kill those whose beliefs differ from theirs, where anti-Semitism persists even in the most tolerant of places, and where authoritarian governments view strong religious faith as a potential threat to their legitimacy, it is more important than ever that the U.S. engage in robust religious freedom diplomacy. One that uses all the tools available is the landmark International Religious Freedom Act of 1998. 
The stakes are too high and the suffering 
too great to downplay religious freedom as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27OC8.003 E27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1543 October 27, 2015 
priority of U.S. foreign policy. But unfortu-
nately, we often hear from religious groups globally and from NGOs working on the issue that this Administration has sidelined the pro-motion of religious freedom. 
This criticism does not discount the work 
done by our men and women at the State De-partment and the efforts of Ambassador Saperstein himself. They do important and substantive work, but it seems too often that the issue is marginalized and isolated from issues of national security or economic devel-opment—even though we know from aca-demic research that countries with the highest levels of religious freedom experience more prosperity and less terrorism. 
Religious persecution has catastrophic con-
sequences for religious communities and for individual victims. But it also undermines the national security of the United States. Without religious freedom, aspiring democracies will continue to face instability. Sustained eco-nomic growth will be more difficult to achieve. Obstructions will remain to the advancement of the rights of women and girls. And, perhaps most urgent of all, religious terrorism will con-tinue to be nourished and exported. 
The global religious freedom crisis will not 
disappear anytime soon. According to the non- partisan Pew Research Center, 75% of the world’s populations live in countries where se-vere religious persecution occurs regularly. 
It has been almost 17 years since the pas-
sage of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998. Religious freedom diplomacy has developed under three administrations of both parties. Unfortunately, the grim global realities demonstrate that our nation has had little ef-fect on the rise of persecution and the decline of religious freedom. 
It is worth asking why. It is worth asking not only what the State 
Department is doing, but what can be done better? Are new tools or new ideas needed to help U.S. religious freedom diplomacy address one of the great crises of the 21st century? Does the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 need to be upgraded to reflect 21st century realities? 
That is why I introduced the Frank Wolf 
International Religious Freedom Act of 2015 (H.R. 1150). This legislation, named after the author of the original IRFA Act, my good friend former Congressman Frank Wolf, would, among other things, strengthen the role of the Ambassador-at-Large for Religious Freedom and the IRF office at State and give more tools to the Administration to address the cri-sis we face. The bill is roundly endorsed and supported by a broad, diverse array of reli-gious freedom, civil society and diaspora orga-nizations. They acknowledge what too many policymakers and administrations, Republican and Democrat alike, have been unable to ap-preciate—America’s first freedom ought to be infused, at every possible level, into our for-eign policy. 
Upgrading and strengthening U.S. inter-
national religious freedom policy—and further integrating it into U.S. foreign policy and na-tional security strategy—will send the clear message that the U.S. will fight for the inher-ent dignity of every human being and against the global problem of persecution, religious extremism, and terrorism. In so doing, we can advance the best of our values while pro-tecting vital national interests. HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN M. 
FAMULARO 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the 
life of a very special man, John M. Famularo of Lexington, Kentucky. Famularo spent most of his life in the legal profession and over the years earned a stellar reputation among his fellow attorneys and all that knew him. 
Famularo was raised in Mt. Olivet, Ken-
tucky. He came from a family of legal minds, with his father serving as county attorney, dis-trict judge, and circuit judge and his brother serving as U.S. Attorney. Famularo graduated from Loyola University and the University of Kentucky College of Law. Two years after graduation from law school, he successfully argued a boundary dispute case before the U.S. Supreme Court. He began serving as an assistant commonwealth attorney for Fayette County in the 1970s. Much of his career was spent as a partner with the Stites and Harbison law firm in Lexington, where his practice focused on product liability, class-ac-tion defense, and medical malpractice de-fense. He also served as Chief Judge of the 22nd Judicial District in Fayette County. Famularo was well respected for his great legal mind. 
Mr. Famularo was special to me personally. 
As a young lawyer, he was my first mentor. Many attorneys, including me, owe our suc-cess to the selfless interest he took in our pro-fessional development. He was a great lawyer, a fierce advocate for his clients, a dedicated officer of the court, and the best litigator I have ever seen. 
Mr. Famularo became a regent and state 
chairman of the American College of Trial Lawyers, served on the board of governors of the Kentucky Bar Association, and was in-ducted into the University of Kentucky College of Law Hall of Fame. He passed away on Oc-tober 23, 2015. He is survived by his wife Karen, three children, and three grandchildren. The legal community and all those associated with John M. Famularo mourn his passing and honor his legacy. 
f 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
WHITE HOUSE INITIATIVE ON EDUCATIONAL EXCELLENCE FOR HISPANICS 
HON. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Speaker, this year marks the 25th Anniversary of the White House Initiative on Educational Excellence for Hispanics. Since 1990, the ini-tiative has played a critical role in advocating for and advancing policies that have helped our community grow. 
While our work is not done, as we conclude 
Hispanic Heritage Month, it is important for us to celebrate our progress. Our nation’s high school graduation rate is the highest in history, and the Latino dropout rate is half of what it was in 2000. More importantly, however, we must recog-
nize the work that remains and those com-mitted to doing it. Earlier this year, the Depart-ment of Education issued a national call for commitments to action for Hispanics in edu-cation. The initiative aimed to encourage pri-vate, public and nonprofit investments to cre-ate and/or expand high quality educational services. The results were astounding; 150 Commitments to Action with a collective in-vestment of over $335 million. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the 
commitment of an organization in my district, the Mariachi Music Education Initiative, who has committed nearly $900,000 over three years for music education. 
It’s commitments like this, and those of the 
other 149 organizations that will help our com-munity prosper. Together, through the work and contributions of public, private and non-profit organizations, we will continue working to close the achievement gap, and ensure every child in America has the tools and op-portunity they need to succeed. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK TAKAI 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, Octo-
ber 26, 2015, I was absent from the House to attend to a personal health matter. Due to my absence, I am not recorded on any legislative measures for the day. I would like to reflect how I would have voted had I been present for legislative business. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 569, providing for the con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 597) to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. 
f 
BOKO HARAM AND THE CHIBOK 
SCHOOLGIRLS 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, the 
world was shocked as 276 schoolgirls from the northeastern Nigerian town of Chibok were kidnapped by the Islamic militant group Boko Haram. In the days following this event, we learned that the military had four hours’ warn-ing of the attack, but failed to mobilize suffi-cient forces to fight off the attackers, who ar-rived at this predominantly Christian town in a convoy of vehicles. A military redeployment to find the girls two weeks later resulted in the massacre of at least 300 residents of the town of Gamboru Ngala. 
Since that time, the previous Nigerian Gov-
ernment made many announcements about freeing the kidnapped girls, none of which proved to be accurate. Hope had been raised last October by a government announcement of a cease-fire and release of the girls only to be dashed by increasing Boko Haram attacks and the continued captivity of the Chibok girls. In fact, Boko Haram kidnapped more girls in northeastern Nigeria, especially Christian girls. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27OC8.005 E27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1544 October 27, 2015 
President Muhamadu Buhari has said he 
won’t make promises about freeing these cap-tives that he can’t guarantee, but I expect he will make every effort to free the Chibok girls, as well as the many others taken by Boko Haram. 
I have met previously with young women 
who have escaped from Boko Haram, in Jos and Abuja, Nigeria, and here in the United States. They confirm the abuse of their sisters and mourn their loss as we do. I want to thank Emmanuel Ogebe for all his help in arranging these meetings and the programs allowing some of these young women to come to the United States for an education. An estimated 10,000 other Nigerian youth are prevented from being educated because of disruptions caused by Boko Haram. 
My subcommittee has held several hearings 
on Boko Haram and convinced the administra-tion to declare Boko Haram a Foreign Terrorist Organization, which they announced at our November 13, 2013, hearing. 
I have since pressed the administration to 
use authorities under the FTO designation to investigate and identify for the Nigerian Gov-ernment those who support Boko Haram. I also have worked to end the current road-blocks preventing U.S. counterterrorism train-ing for Nigerian troops. 
During the past year, social media world-
wide has exploded with the ‘‘Bring Back Our Girls’’ campaign. I must compliment my col-league, Congresswoman F
REDERICA WILSON , 
who has maintained her efforts to free the Chibok girls and all the others kidnapped by Boko Haram, while others have moved on to different issues. 
I have worked with Congresswoman W
ILSON  
to update her House Resolution 147, which fo-cuses on bringing to an end the violence un-leashed by Boko Haram and bringing material aid to those harmed by their attacks. We also have joined in this legislation to press initia-tives I mentioned earlier. I hope my sub-committee and our committee can move this legislation to the floor soon to give a boost to U.S. efforts to help Nigeria end the reign of terror by Boko Haram. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BROWNSTOWN 
ELECTRIC SUPPLY COMPANY 
HON. TODD C. YOUNG 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, many 
Hoosier small businesses across my district power the economic engine of the state, while also playing a critical role in the civic life of their communities. Today it is my honor to highlight one such small business. Brownstown Electric Supply Company, based in Brownstown Indiana, is a privately owned electrical supply company that has provided utility companies with technical expertise and electrical supplies for over four decades. 
Carl Shake founded Brownstown Electric 
Supply Company in 1970 after a long career in the electrical supply and utility service in-dustry. Brownstown Electric has grown from a small business in Jackson County, Indiana to a regional company that has expanded its reach as far as Illinois, Kentucky, and Ohio. Brownstown Electric is now run by Carl’s son in law, Greg Deck, who stewards the company 
with the same principles that have made Brownstown Electric a staple of Southern Indi-ana. 
In addition to supplying electrical equipment 
and providing expertise in the field, Brownstown Electric is an active member of the local community. They sponsor local high school sports teams, participate in the Brownstown High School school-to-work pro-gram, and contribute to the Jackson County History Center of Indiana. Brownstown Electric also encourages their employees to get in-volved and volunteer in the community. This heart for service is exemplified in their organi-zation of the Zach Pickard Pelican Run. The 
community-wide event is a 5K run/walk event dedicated to raising money to find a cure for Hutchinson-Gilford progeria syndrome. Em-ployees of Brownstown Electric organized the fundraiser in honor of an employee’s son who lives with the genetic condition. 
Brownstown Electric Supply Company is 
emblematic of the Hoosier ethic. They are family-owned and operated, deliver quality products and service, and possess a strong commitment to improving the lives in the com-munity. 
It is an honor to represent a business like 
Brownstown Electric. I hope their exemplary business ethic serves to inspire other would- be entrepreneurs, and I am pleased to high-light their good work today in this installment of Indiana’s 9th District Small Business Spot-light. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SHARON 
CONATSER 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to congratulate Sharon Conatser on being elected national president of the American Legion Auxiliary earlier this year. The American Legion Auxiliary is the na-tion’s largest women’s patriotic service organi-zation, led by the national president who pro-motes the organization’s mission advocating for veterans, educating citizens, mentoring youth, and promoting patriotism, good citizen-ship, peace, and security. 
Mrs. Conatser grew up in Central Illinois 
and has been a lifetime member of the Amer-ican Legion family. She first became involved through her father, a WWII and Korean War veteran. Her husband also served as the na-tional commander of the American Legion, making her the first national president who was also a First Lady of the American Legion. 
Mrs. Conatser is retired from the University 
of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, where she worked for 25 years. She has held numerous leadership positions with the American Legion Auxiliary, and remains active in her church and her community, serving as an inspiring example of a dedicated public servant. I am proud of Mrs. Conatser’s accomplishments and it is an honor to represent her in the 13th District of Illinois. 
Mrs. Conatser will be a strong national lead-
er for the American Legion Auxiliary and I wish her the best in serving our country’s vet-erans, active duty military, their families, and their communities. HONORING THE SERVICE OF 
DAVID DOWNEY 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a 
special man, David Downey, of Bourbon County, Kentucky. Mr. Downey, a part of the Greatest Generation, answered the call to serve during World War II and had a long mili-tary career. Today it is my honor to recognize him before the United States House of Rep-resentatives. 
Mr. Downey was born in Bourbon County 
and graduated from Western High School. He was drafted into the United States Navy in 1944 and began his career in boot camp at Great Lakes, Illinois. He left the Navy after a year and a half of service, and quickly decided to return in 1946. He remained in the Navy until 1968. Mr. Downey served on a transport ship during World War II, Korea, and Vietnam. He also served on destroyers and served as a cook. During his service in Vietnam, he was honored to meet Roger Staubach, a Naval Academy graduate and Heisman trophy win-ner. 
Following his retirement from the Navy in 
1968, he returned home to Kentucky. He worked various jobs before taking a position as a bus driver for the Paris Independent School system. He spent the next twenty two years driving schoolchildren in Bourbon Coun-ty. 
Mr. Downey is an active member of the 
Seventh Street Christian Church where he serves as a deacon and sings in the Chariots of Fire choir. He loves to bowl and is an active member of a league. Downey and his late wife Nannette, were married for fifty three years. He has two girls and a boy. 
The bravery of Mr. Downey and his fellow 
men and women of the United States Navy is heroic. Because of his courage and the cour-age of individuals from all across Kentucky and our great nation, our freedoms have been preserved for our generation and for future generations. He is truly an outstanding Amer-ican, a patriot, and a hero to us all. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JEFF HUNT 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize Mr. Jeff Hunt on being selected to serve as the new leader of Colorado Christian University’s Centennial Institute. I commend his hard work and dedication to the commu-nity. Mr. Hunt’s impressive career in public service has enriched the lives of so many. 
Mr. Hunt’s work in the public and private 
sector, coupled with his principled values, has proven to be invaluable. I am confident that his great spiritual and intellectual strength will make him an exceptional Director at the Cen-tennial Institute. 
On behalf of the 4th Congressional District 
of Colorado, I extend my best wishes as he takes on this well-deserved position. It is truly an honor to celebrate his many accomplish-ments. Mr. Hunt’s dedication to public service 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27OC8.006 E27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1545 October 27, 2015 
and the religious community represents the 
essence of the Centennial Institute’s mission. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Mr. 
Jeff Hunt for his service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MANN PLUMBING/ 
MPI SOLAR 
HON. TODD C. YOUNG 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, my 
home state of Indiana is a place where hard- work and innovation are rewarded. The spirit of entrepreneurship and innovation is a long held tradition of Indiana, and the work of Mann Plumbing is evidence that such tradition is alive and well. Today I am honored to high-light their small business and recognize their good work. 
Mann Plumbing/MPI Solar is a full service 
plumbing and solar energy equipment com-pany located in Bloomington, Indiana. The business was started by David Mann and originally began as a full service plumbing company in 1992. During the 2008 economic downturn the company embraced the situation as an opportunity to expand their business and product offerings into a new market. To do so they began offering solar products to customers. Mann Plumbing/MPI Solar is now a regional leader in this industry. Their big risk turned into a success story. 
Mann Plumbing/MPI Solar provides their 
services to countless Indiana businesses, in-cluding: apartment houses, businesses, schools, and the Monroe County Government Building. 
Mann Plumbing/MPI Solar’s transition from 
a traditional plumbing shop to a full service plumbing and solar company during difficult economic times serves as a model for other businesses. David Mann and his team revital-ized their business with new services and products that helped shepherd Mann Plumbing through a difficult economic period, and al-lowed them to expand and thrive. 
Today, Mann Plumbing/MPI Solar offers a 
wide variety of products and services to their customers. Mann Plumbing/MPI Solar’s suc-cess is possible in part, because of highly- trained and dedicated staff. Skilled, motivated workers form the backbone of the Hoosier workforce and remain the key to widespread, economic prosperity. 
I am proud to represent Mann Plumbing/MPI 
Solar and hope their willingness to take risk and ability to adapt serves to inspire others. I am pleased to highlight their good work today in this installment of Indiana’s 9th Congres-sional District Small Business Spotlight. 
f 
HONORING RUTH FRIENDLY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor a true leader in the Riverdale commu-nity, Ruth Friendly, who has been actively in-volved in several different neighborhood orga-nizations for many years. A former school teacher, Ruth was exten-
sively involved in the curriculum development for the Scarsdale public school system before leaving the classroom in 1981 to join her hus-band, Fred Friendly, to work in media. Ruth served as a researcher, editor, producer, and executive producer for many landmark PBS series, and was an integral part of a team that received countless awards, including several for the series The Constitution: That Delicate Balance. 
Ruth also produced over 200 non-televised 
programs for civic, legal, business, and edu-cational organizations, often moderated by Fred. For 16 years, she served as Vice Presi-dent and Senior Editorial Director at Fred Friendly Seminars. 
Yet, in spite of her busy schedule, Ruth al-
ways found time to help the community. For the past eight years, she has been an active Board Member of Riverdale Neighborhood House. Ruth has also served on the Riverdale Senior Services Board, the Riverdale Mental Health Board, and the Fieldston Property Owners Association. She has also been active in the New York State court system, where she currently serves as Commissioner of the New York State Commission on Judicial Nomi-nation, Court of Appeals, and as a panel member for the Disciplinary Committee of the Appellate Division, New York Supreme Court. 
This year, Riverdale Neighborhood House is 
honoring Ruth at their 2015 Annual Benefit. I want to congratulate Ruth on this honor and thank her for her years of dedicated service to the community. 
f 
HONORING ROBERT T. GRAND 
HON. LARRY BUCSHON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor my good friend Robert T. Grand, who turns 60 this year. 
A graduate of Wabash College and IU 
McKinney School of law, Bob has committed his adult life to public service. 
Bob has been a tremendous advocate for 
Hoosiers through his work with former Indiana Gov. Bob Orr, Senator Dick Lugar, President Bush, Governor Mike Pence, and Senator D
AN 
COATS and his efforts working for common- 
sense public policy, especially in areas of gov-ernment regulation. 
In fact, the 2016 edition of Best Lawyers in 
America, named Bob as ‘‘Lawyer of the Year’’ for his work in government relations practice and municipal law. 
Bob, congrats on six decades of success 
and here’s to many more years of health and happiness. 
f 
HONORING CHANCELLOR LARRY 
NEIL VANDERHOEF 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Larry Neil Vanderhoef, a long- serving Chancellor at the University of Cali-fornia, Davis. On October 15, Larry passed 
away at age 74. I was fortunate to call him my friend, and he will truly be missed. 
Chancellor Vanderhoef grew up from adver-
sity and humble beginnings to be an incredible leader. He was raised in a small factory town in Wisconsin, and became the first in his fam-ily to finish high school and one of the few in his small town to go to college. He received his BA and MS in Biology from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, and he later pursued and received his Ph.D in Plant Biochemistry from Purdue University. 
The Chancellor was a true visionary and 
academic diplomat, not just for the University of Davis but also for the wider Davis commu-nity. His extraordinary dedication is best de-scribed by the legacy he leaves behind. He devoted more than a quarter-century of his life to UC Davis, first as Provost and Executive Vice Chancellor from 1984 to 1994, and then as Chancellor for fifteen years after that—fi-nally retiring in 2009. He was an academic servant who had a vision for UC Davis, and today the campus is one of the top leading re-search universities in the nation. 
Throughout his life, Chancellor Vanderhoef 
was a tireless advocate for higher education whose passion and dedication transformed UC Davis. Almost every aspect of the university was impacted by his efforts to improve the education system, including the university’s national rankings, student population, faculty, and research initiatives and facilities. Under Chancellor Vanderhoef’s leadership, student enrollment grew from 22,000 to more than 30,000, the faculty increased by 44%, class-room, lab, and office space expanded by 6 million square feet, and the National Science Foundation ranked UC Davis in the top 10 in the nation for research funding among other public universities. 
He was a visionary leader who made great 
strides toward bettering not only the university, but also the community of Davis. He held a strong passion for music and the arts, and ad-vocated for the construction of what is now the Shrem Museum of Art. His promise to build a world-class performing arts center was real-ized in 2002 when doors opened to the Robert and Margrit Mondavi Center for the Performing Arts, placing the university on the world stage. The performing arts center also serves as a beautiful new south entrance to the campus, making it more accessible to the public. 
During his tenure as Chancellor, UC Davis 
was admitted into the Association of American Universities, a prestigious organization with only 62 members in the United States and Canada. Chancellor Vanderhoef’s support of the sciences and medical research was re-flected in his many initiatives on campus such as the creation of the Robert Mondavi Institute for Wine and Food Science. He also trans-formed the Sacramento County Hospital into what is known today as the highly renowned UC Davis Health System, providing patients with the highest of quality care. The health system includes the UC Davis Medical Center, UC Davis School of Medicine, The Betty Irene Moore School of Nursing, and the UC Davis Medical Group. Not only does the UC Davis Health System conduct innovative research, but it stimulates Sacramento’s economy by creating more than 20,000 jobs and gener-ating $3.4 billion annually in economic output. 
In addition to the arts and sciences, Chan-
cellor Vanderhoef was a firm believer in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27OC8.008 E27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1546 October 27, 2015 
power of academic diplomacy. While at UC 
Davis, he promoted study abroad programs and the importance of international engage-ment in the Middle East. He believed that being exposed to new cultures and new ways of thinking can foster dialogue and greater un-derstanding. Currently, students are able to participate in numerous study abroad pro-grams such as the UC Davis Quarter Abroad or Summer Program, a Seminar Abroad Pro-gram, or even hold an internship abroad. Today, the Larry N. Vanderhoef Scholarship for Study Abroad, named for his legacy, con-tinues to make these unforgettable opportuni-ties open to Davis students. 
Due to his many accomplishments in the 
Davis community, Chancellor Vanderhoef was granted numerous awards for his dedication and commitment to higher education. The Chancellor was named Sacramentan of the Year in 2004 by the Sacramento Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce, and in 2006, he was presented with the Northern California Inter-national Leadership Award and was elected as an honorary member of the World Innovation Foundation. 
I am deeply honored to have known Chan-
cellor Larry Neil Vanderhoef and to pay tribute to a great visionary who dedicated his life to public service and to the people of Davis. There is little doubt that Chancellor Vanderhoef’s presence was felt throughout the entire community. He left a remarkable legacy, which will not soon be forgotten. It is my sin-cere hope that the students and faculty at UC Davis will embody the Chancellor’s spirit and continue to carry his legacy with them throughout their lives. It is leaders like Chan-cellor Vanderhoef who inspire change and make the most impact on those around them. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JERRY McNERNEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I was nec-
essarily absent from the House on October 23, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted NO on H.R. 3762 (Roll Call 568). I would like the record to accurately reflect my stance on this issue. 
f 
HONORING PORTUGUESE-AMER-
ICAN COMMUNITY CENTER 85TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, the city of Yon-
kers has been privileged for 85 years to be graced with strong community commitment from the Portuguese-American Community Center. With gratitude, it is an honor to con-gratulate them on their anniversary. 
The Center was inaugurated on October 5, 
1930 under the name ‘‘Clube Social Portugues.’’ Originally, the ‘‘Centro Social Por-tuguese-American Citizens & Yonkers Por-tuguese American Club’’, the PACC dignified the lives of Portuguese immigrant families throughout Yonkers, weaving families into a 
strong community. On the 30th Anniversary of its founding, the Center settled on ‘‘Por-tuguese American Community Center, Inc.’’ 
Early in the club’s existence, under the 
presidency of the Ambassador of Portugal, Dr. Joao Bianchi, a language school called ‘‘Escola Joao de Deus’’ was opened to help the local children. 
After decades of success, in 2012 ‘‘Escola 
Joao de Deus’’ joined the ‘‘Instituto de Cames,’’ an entity of the Portuguese Govern-ment, which oversees the teaching of Por-tuguese abroad. To this day, the school plays a huge role in the Portuguese-American Com-munity Center’s role in the neighborhood. 
Faithful to its founding principles, the Center 
continues its independent streak of focus to-wards the community rather than towards po-litical organizations or religious sects. It also keeps the youth physically active by having a soccer team department, ‘‘Portuguese Stars,’’ with over 65 children enrolled. 
On October 3rd, the Portuguese-American 
Community Center will be hosting its 85th An-niversary Gala-Diamond Jubilee. I congratu-late them on the occasion and wish them an-other 85 years of great success in Yonkers. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BANNING THE 
USE OF ELECTRONIC CIGA-RETTES ON AIRPLANES ACT OF 2015 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to intro-
duce the Banning the Use of Electronic Ciga-rettes on Airplanes Act of 2015. The bill pro-hibits the use of electronic cigarettes and vaping devices on commercial airplanes by in-cluding use of these devices within the defini-tion of smoking. Smoking tobacco products on commercial airplanes has been banned for years, but with the increase in use of elec-tronic cigarettes and vaping devices in their place, it is necessary to update our laws to re-flect this new nuisance and health risk on air-planes. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) issued a Notice of Proposed Rule-making (NPRM) in 2011 ban the use of these devices, but four years later, no progress has been made. Therefore, Congress should step in to legislatively resolve the issue. 
Electronic cigarette use has increased over 
the last decade with the increased education of the general public about the dangers and public health threats caused by traditional cigarettes to smokers and nonsmokers alike. For example, between 2010 and 2011, e-ciga-rette use among adults doubled. Researchers and public health experts have voiced con-cerns over the use of electronic cigarettes be-cause there are still so many unknowns about the chemicals these devices can produce. The American Lung Association (ALA) has cited many concerns about the lack of regulation of e-cigarettes because they are on the market while the potential harm from secondhand e- cigarette emissions is unknown. ALA has iden-tified two studies that show formaldehyde, ac-etaldehyde, benzene, tobacco-specific nitrosamines, and other harmful irritants com-ing from e-cigarette emissions. In addition, the temperature of an e-cigarette can affect how 
many harmful the chemicals are, but with no configuration standards, it is too difficult to uni-formly assess the health effects of smoking e- cigarettes. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued a proposed rule in 2014 that would extend new regulatory authority to e- cigarettes by subjecting e-cigarettes to reg-istration and product listing requirements, re-strictions on marketing products prior to FDA review, and a prohibition on providing free samples like with traditional tobacco products. 
This year we celebrate 25 years since legis-
lation was passed banning smoking on do-
mestic flights in the United States. In the 1960s, the U.S. Surgeon General identified smoking as a cause of increased mortality and by 1986, the U.S. Surgeon General had named secondhand smoke a serious health risk. The National Academy of Sciences, in its report ‘‘The Airliner Cabin Environment: Air Quality and Safety,’’ recommended a ban on smoking on all domestic commercial flights. The Association of Flight Attendants can be credited with urging the smoking ban due to the negative health impacts flight attendants suffered working in cramped, closed-off spaces when a third or more passengers smoked in-flight. Congress used this informa-tion to include an amendment authored by then-Representative D
ICKDURBIN (D–IL) in the 
Federal Aviation Act that made domestic flights of two hours or less smoke free. By 1990, this smoking ban was extended to all domestic flights of six hours or less, and, in 2000, the Wendell H. Ford Aviation Investment and Reform Act made all flights to and from the United States smoke-free. All of this was done even in the face of the strong tobacco industry’s opposition because of the undeni-able health impacts of cigarettes and cigarette smoke. Many flyers do not remember a time without ‘‘No Smoking’’ signs located through-out a commercial airplane. 
In 2011, the U.S. Department of Transpor-
tation issued its NPRM to prohibit the use of e-cigarettes on U.S. airplanes. Under current FAA policy, battery-powered electronic ciga-rettes, vaporizers, vape pens, atomizers, and electronic nicotine systems are prohibited in checked baggage, and the FAA recommends that such devices only be carried in the air-craft cabins because of safety issues. It is up to individual airlines to ban their use. Some airlines have already taken the initiative to in-stitute a ban on the use of electronic ciga-rettes, but legislation is necessary to make this update applicable to all airlines, and per-manent. 
The current smoking ban applies to the 
smoking of tobacco products on all scheduled passenger flights and on scheduled passenger flight segments on foreign air carriers in the U.S. and between the U.S. and foreign coun-tries, unless a waiver is granted based on bi-lateral negotiations. The Banning the Use of Electronic Cigarettes on Airplanes Act of 2015 will amend the statutory definition of smoking located in 49 U.S.C. 41706 to include the use of electronic cigarettes, defined as ‘‘a device that delivers nicotine or other substances to a user of the device in the form of a vapor that is inhaled to simulate the experience of smok-ing.’’ 
I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-
porting this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27OC8.012 E27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1547 October 27, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
reflect that if I had been present I would have voted aye on roll call number 534, aye on roll call number 535, nay on roll call number 536, aye on roll call number 537, nay on roll call number 538, aye on roll call number 539, aye on roll call number 540, nay on roll call num-ber 541, aye on roll call number 542, aye on roll call number 543, aye on roll call number 544, nay on roll call number 545, aye on roll call number 546, aye on roll call number 547, aye on roll call number 548, and aye on roll call number 549. 
f 
URGING CONGRESS TO SUPPORT 
FARM TO SCHOOL 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to bring attention to a vital childhood nutrition program in desperate need of funding. In the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010, Con-gress established mandatory funding of $5 million annually for a farm to school competi-tive grant and technical assistance program. This program allows communities to provide local foods in schools. Programs like this boost farm income while also fostering experi-ential food education for our children. Farm to school empowers children and their families to make informed food choices while strength-ening the local economy and contributing to vi-brant communities. The proven benefits such as food security, sustainable farming edu-cation, as well as long-term healthy lifestyle choices have been invaluable to communities all over the United States. Unfortunately, de-mand for the program is more than five times higher than available funding, which is why I urge Congress to support the Farm to School Act of 2015. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,638,934,294.38. We’ve 
added $7,525,761,885,381.30 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. IN RECOGNITION OF OCTOBER AS 
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AWARE-NESS MONTH 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of October as Domestic Violence Awareness Month and to reaffirm our commit-ment to ending domestic violence in this coun-try. 
Established 24 years ago, Domestic Vio-
lence Awareness Month exists to raise aware-ness across the country regarding the preva-lence of domestic violence and opportunities for victims. Americans of any gender, age, reli-gious group, neighborhood, income level, and racial or ethnic background are at risk. 
The statistics are simply staggering. Every 
minute, nearly 20 people in the United States are physically abused by an intimate partner— amounting to more than 10 million women and men in the United States a year. Horrifically, one in three women will experience an inci-dent of domestic violence, while one in four men have been victims of some form of phys-ical violence by an intimate partner within their lifetime. Daily, more than 20,000 calls are placed to domestic violence hotlines nation-wide. This epidemic has far-reaching con-sequences in our communities; domestic vio-lence is the third-leading cause of homeless-ness among families, and over 10 million chil-dren are exposed every year. 
A key step in working toward ending domes-
tic violence in this country is to increase awareness, engagement, and education sur-rounding this issue. To this end, we are fortu-nate to have the efforts of exemplary organi-zations, including South Shore Women’s Re-source Center, The Women’s Fund of South-eastern Massachusetts, We Can, and Cape Cod Center for Women, working to provide stability, shelter, and safety for victims of do-mestic violence throughout my district and the Commonwealth. Similarly, Jane Doe Inc. pro-motes a simple yet critical message: men are essential partners in the fight to end domestic violence and sexual assault against women. Jane Doe Inc.’s White Ribbon Campaign has proven to be a positive way to send the mes-sage that violence against women is unac-ceptable. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to join me in 
continuing our efforts by recognizing October as Domestic Violence Awareness Month. There is much work yet to be done, but, as these tireless Massachusetts organizations have demonstrated, together, we can make a difference. 
f 
HONORING NATIONAL COLLEGIATE 
HONORS COUNCIL 50TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the National Collegiate Honors Council as they celebrate their 50th anniver-sary this year. The National Collegiate Honors Council represents 800 colleges and univer-
sities and is composed of 325,000 students dedicated to achieving educational excellence in diverse subject curriculum areas, in order to achieve professional career goals. 
In my district, the Iona College Honors Pro-
gram attracts the most talented and motivated students from all majors and disciplines. The honors program challenges students to de-velop their talents, stretch their capabilities, and prepare themselves for postgraduate study and professional careers. In order to mentor and challenge Iona’s exceptional stu-dents, the honors program provides them indi-vidual academic and career counseling, small class sizes, and advanced courses. Iona Col-lege honors students go on to achieve promi-nence in a diverse range of professional fields including law, advertising, banking, education, and law enforcement. Grounded in an inter-disciplinary rigorous curriculum marked by an accelerated course of study, students in the Honors Program embody the mission of Iona College, the Christian Brothers, and Catholic higher education. 
The National Collegiate Honors Program, 
after decades of growth and experience, con-tinually prepares our students for successful professional careers. I invite my colleagues to join me in recognizing the program’s contribu-tions to our nation’s educational and profes-sional communities for the last 50 years. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 40TH ANNUAL 
MEETING OF THE AGING & IN- HOME SERVICES OF NORTHEAST INDIANA, INC. 
HON. MARLIN A. STUTZMAN 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I want to ac-
knowledge the 40th anniversary and celebrate the accomplishments of Aging & In-Home Services of Northeast Indiana, Inc. AIHS is a private, non-for-profit social service organiza-tion serving seniors and persons with disabil-ities of all ages since 1975. It is the Area III Agency on Aging as designated by the U.S. Administration on Community Living and the State of Indiana. As such, it is the primary re-source for older adults, persons with disabil-ities, and their caregivers, and a funding source of services including support for the Councils on Aging in their nine-county service area: Allen, Adams, DeKalb, Huntington, La-Grange, Noble, Steuben, Wells, and Whitley. 
The organization works tirelessly to 
strengthen local and statewide systems for ad-vocacy and protection of older adults, and other at-risk vulnerable populations. In 2014 AIHS touched the lives of more than 57,000 individuals through its continuum of programs to support safe and independent living at home. All services are provided regardless of race, age, color, religion, sex, disability, na-tional origin or ancestry. 
In the past year, the agency has received 
national recognition for strategic leadership and initiatives in bridging the gap between tra-ditional Older Americans Act programs and the new healthcare model of service provision and payment sources, including: 
Administration on Community Living (ACL), 
U.S. Department of Health & Human Services, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27OC8.016 E27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1548 October 27, 2015 
invitation to prestigious ‘‘thought leaders’’ 
roundtable. 
Hartford Foundation invitation to multidisci-
plinary ‘‘Change AGEnt’’ conference of geri-atric specialists from across the United States. 
Co-presenters with National Institute on 
Health and ACL at National Association of Area Agencies on Aging conference on Re-cruiting Older Adults into Research. 
Community-based Care Transitions Pro-
gram, funded by Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services, achieved milestone of assisting 10,000 patients in reducing hospital readmis-sion in 11 hospitals across 32 counties. 
National Committee for Quality Assurance 
(NCQA) ‘‘Standards for Long-Term Services and Support and Medical Care’’ Learning Col-laborative, selected as 1 of only 10 organiza-tions nationwide. 
Rosalynn Carter Institute on Caregiving Na-
tional Summit, invited to present showcasing achievements of evidence-based chronic dis-ease telephonic support featuring staff, local caregiver and their care recipient. 
The organization’s 40th Annual Meeting and 
Awards Ceremony will be held on Wednesday, October 28, 2015, at the Parkview Mirro Cen-ter in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Joan Lunden, a cancer survivor, journalist, television host, and renowned caregiver will be the featured speaker. I ask that my colleagues join me today in celebrating this organization’s service to the most vulnerable of our citizens in north-east Indiana, and extend our best wishes for their future. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF STEVEN D. 
CHAN, D.D.S. 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to congratulate Dr. Steven D. Chan on his upcoming installation as Presi-dent of the American College of Dentists. I am honored to recognize Dr. Chan’s distinguished career and contributions to the City of Fre-mont. 
Dr. Chan is a third-generation Californian, 
born and raised in Los Angeles. After receiv-ing his undergraduate degree from UCLA, he earned his dental degree from Georgetown University and completed his residency at Martin Luther King/Los Angeles County Hos-pital. Dr. Chan has had a practice in pediatric dentistry in Fremont for over 30 years. Dr. Chan’s professional honors include Fellow-ships in the Academy of Dentistry Inter-national, American Academy of Pediatric Den-tists, and the International College of Dentists. 
In addition to his professional accomplish-
ments, Dr. Chan is also a dedicated leader in the City of Fremont. His leadership in the community includes serving as Chair of Ohlone Community College’s Oversight Com-mittee and as Commissioner of the City of Fremont Library Commission. He has been honored as the Citizens for a Better Commu-nity’s Citizen of the Year, the Asian Business Alliance Business Owner of the Year, and the Asian Pacific Islander American Public Affairs Business Leader of the Year. 
Dr. Chan’s exceptional leadership will be 
well-matched for his new role as the President of the American College of Dentists. He will be 
the first Asian American to lead this highly re-spected organization. I know his wife, Sue, and their two sons are very proud of Dr. Chan’s achievement. On behalf of his wonder-ful family, I want to congratulate Dr. Chan on this tremendous honor. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 150TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE AMERICAN SOKOL ORGANIZATION 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the 150th Anniversary of the American Sokol Organization. As one of the first organized gymnastics and fitness or-ganizations in the United States, I would like to congratulate the American Sokol Organiza-tion on this important milestone and applaud them for its continued efforts to provide fit-ness, educational, and cultural programs to their communities. The American Sokol Orga-nization will celebrate this anniversary on No-vember 14, 2015 at the Women’s Athletic Club of Chicago, and as a Co-Chair of the Czech Caucus, I am pleased to see them mark such an important date. 
The anniversary celebration taking place in 
Chicago will feature two important guests. I want to take this opportunity to congratulate Petr Gandalovic, Ambassador of the Czech Republic to the United States, and Kristyna Pellouchoud Driehaus, KMD Foundation, American Friends of the Czech Republic and Chicago Czech Center for taking part in this magnificent celebration as Honorary Co- Chairs. 
On March 19, 2015, I attended a wreath lay-
ing ceremony marking the 25th Anniversary of Vaclav Havel’s speech to a joint session of Congress and dedicating his bust’s new and permanent location in Freedom Foyer. This event was attended by leaders of Congress, and Czech Ambassador to the United States, Petr Gandalovic. 
The first American Sokol unit was founded 
by Czech and Slovak immigrants, Karel Prochazka, Jaroslav Vostrovsky, and E.B. Erben, in Saint Louis, Missouri in 1865. At that time, large numbers of immigrants were flock-ing to the United States and these founders created community centers for their children to learn and engage in fitness activities—these centers were the first American Sokols. 
During the first 50 years of the organization, 
many American Sokols were formed through-out the United States, and all of these units were incorporated into the American Sokol Or-ganization on January 1, 1917. Today, well into its second century in service, American Sokol remains an organization dedicated to the physical, mental, and cultural enrichment of its members. American Sokol has been shaping the lives of Olympians, diplomats, art-ists, athletes, and most importantly, the fami-lies in the communities in which we serve. 
Sokol is the Czechoslovak word for falcon, 
and it is an appropriate symbol since the fal-con is a bird that has great love for freedom, as well as strength, courage and agility. The Sokol philosophy strives for physical fitness for their members, believing that to maintain a free nation, its people must be physically and 
morally strong. 
American Sokol members represent a wide 
age range. Members range from preschool children to retired adults. This diversity allows older members to pass on the benefit of their wisdom and experience to the young people in a personal way. In combining Czechoslovak culture, the American heritage, and American Sokol ideals, this organization has contributed greatly to the welfare of the United States. Many American Sokol members have served their country with distinction, in World War I, World War II, the Korean War, and the Viet-nam conflict, and beyond. 
I am proud to join with American Sokol 
members in the 9th Congressional District of Illinois, which I am honored to represent, and members of American Sokol Organization in the City of Chicago and all over the United States, as they celebrate their 150 years of excellence, achievement, and contributions to the greatness of the United States. 
f 
H.R. 597 ‘‘REAUTHORIZING OF EX-
PORT-IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES’’ 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I rise to speak on H.R. 597, which re-authorizes the Export-Import Bank for four years. 
It is unfortunate that it has taken this body 
so long to get to this point and it was inexcus-able that the House Republican leadership al-lowed the Ex-Im Bank authorization to expire on June 30, 2015 before. 
That intransigence made it necessary for a 
bipartisan majority of this House to resort to a discharge petition as the vehicle to bring this legislation to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, the Ex-Im Bank enables U.S. 
companies, large and small, to turn export op-portunities into real sales that help to maintain and create U.S. jobs and contribute to a stronger national economy. 
For more than 80 years the Ex-Im Bank has 
helped Texas businesses generate over $29 billion in exports, $4.3 billion of which origi-nated from businesses in the 18th Congres-sional District of Texas. 
In May of this year I hosted Export-Import 
Bank President Fred. P. Hochberg for a his-toric tour of vital and thriving small businesses in the 18th Congressional District. 
We toured Frenchy’s Sausage Manufac-
turing which is a company that currently serv-ices over 200 businesses. 
Frenchy’s Sausage recently completed an 
expansion of plant facilities to accommodate the tremendous growth the company has ex-perienced. 
We also toured Tejas Tubular, a company 
that built and opened their casing facility in 2005 to process larger diameter API casings and, which in 2011 opened the ERW tubing plant in Stephenville, Texas, and has proc-essed more than 14 million joints of tubing and casing. 
Mr. Speaker, when operating on a level 
playing field, American exporters can compete against anyone. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27OC8.021 E27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1549 October 27, 2015 
The Ex-Im Bank partners with American ex-
porters, such as Tejas Tubular and Frenchy’s Sausage Manufacturing in Houston, so they can close more deals abroad and support more middle class jobs here at home. 
The Ex-Im Bank is an independent federal 
agency that supports and maintains U.S. jobs by filling gaps in private export financing at no cost to American taxpayers. 
The Ex-Im Bank provides a variety of fi-
nancing mechanisms, including working capital guarantees and export credit insurance, to promote the sale of U.S. goods and services abroad, 90 percent of which directly serve American small businesses. 
‘‘In fiscal year 2014, the Ex-Im Bank ap-
proved $20.5 billion in total authorizations. These authorizations supported an estimated $27.5 billion in U.S. export sales, as well as approximately 164,000 American jobs in com-munities across the country. 
Recently Diversitybusiness.com announced 
the selection of Ex-Im Bank as one of the top agencies providing opportunities for small and minority businesses to expand export business operations. 
Since 2009, the Ex-Im Bank has authorized 
more financing to support the growth of minority- and women-owned businesses than it did over the previous sixteen years com-bined. 
In FY 2014, the Ex-Im Bank financed U.S. 
exports from minority- and women-owned businesses valued at more than $2 billion. 
Mr. Speaker, the Ex-Im is dedicated to pur-
suing equality of opportunity and supporting economic growth and jobs here in Houston and across America. 
I strongly support H.R. 597, which reauthor-
izes the vital agency that does so much to help American business create and maintain high-paying jobs for American families. 
f 
HONORING DR. ALLEN PAUL 
WEAVER 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize a spiritual leader in the New Ro-chelle community, Reverend Dr. Paul Allen Weaver, who for 35 years has led the Be-thesda Baptist Church of New Rochelle con-gregation with great distinction and remarkable integrity. 
Originally from Orlando, Florida, Reverend 
Weaver answered the call to join the ministry at age 17. He graduated from Florida Memo-rial University in 1969 with a B.S. in Religious Education, and graduated with his Masters of Divinity Degree in 1972. 
In July 1980, Reverend Weaver came to 
New Rochelle as Pastor of Bethesda Baptist, and began what has been an incredible multi- decade partnership with the community. Dur-ing his formative years at Bethesda Baptist, Reverend Weaver helped institute many social programs to address the needs of the neigh-borhood. He created the Lad’s Lunch Ministry, which fed over 100 people for over 25 years. Through the Helping Hand Ministry, the church was able to address the lack of adequate clothing for those less fortunate in the commu-nity. And the development of the Family Life Center as part of the church’s 120th anniver-
sary has created a beautiful community facility for thousands to enjoy. 
Reverend Weaver’s list of accomplishments 
also extend beyond Bethesda Baptist. He has taught as an adjunct professor at New York Theological Seminary in New York, served as President of the prestigious Baptist Ministers Conference of Greater New York, and was President of the New Rochelle branch of the NAACP. 
But Reverend Weaver’s greatest joy has al-
ways been derived from his family. He married the love of his life, Deacon Nettie J. Weaver, and together they have two sons, Allen and Cyrus-Charles, a daughter-in-law, Ijnanya, and one grandson, Noble Xavier Weaver. 
This year, Bethesda Baptist is holding a 
commemorative luncheon in Reverend Wea-ver’s honor celebrating his 35 years as pastor. Congratulations to Reverend Weaver on this great honor. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 597, THE RE-
FORM EXPORTS AND EXPAND THE AMERICAN ECONOMY ACT 
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 597, legislation to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank of the United States, our nation’s official export credit agency. 
The Export-Import Bank, created 80 years 
ago during the depths of the Great Depres-sion, has been authorized 16 times by Con-gress with overwhelming bipartisan majorities and has broad support from industry and labor for the very simple fact that it works. 
Since 2009, the Ex-Im Bank has supported 
more than 1.3 million jobs and has returned over $2 billion in deficit-reducing profits to the U.S. Treasury while providing over $27 billion in export credit last year alone. 
My home state of Texas is the number one 
beneficiary of Ex-Im’s support for American business and jobs. Nearly one-in-five compa-nies receiving financing from the Ex-Im Bank call Texas home. Ex-Im supports more than 135,000 jobs in Texas and provides financing to over 1,600 companies, over half of which are small businesses and nearly 10 percent are minority-owned. 
The Ex-Im Bank has supported over $11 bil-
lion in export sales for Houston-area compa-nies for the past five years, more than any other region in the country, with $3.5 billion going to local small businesses. In fact, Harris County is home to the largest number of small businesses that use Ex-Im. 
America has already felt the negative impact 
of Congress’s failure to reauthorize Ex-Im and freeze its ability to issue loans for the past four months. In September, General Electric, one of America’s most important domestic manufacturers, announced it would move 500 jobs from Texas and other states to France, Hungary, and China because it would receive export credit financing overseas that’s no longer available here. 
Boeing, one of our nation’s largest compa-
nies, announced in recent months that it has lost two satellite manufacturing bids to over-seas competitors because it no longer had ac-
cess to Ex-Im financing. 
Mr. Speaker, at a time when foreign com-
petition is becoming more fierce than ever be-fore, with nations like China using any means necessary to win contracts in overseas mar-kets, Congress must act immediately on this pressing matter. I call on all my colleagues to stand with working families and American businesses and join me by voting to reauthor-ize the Export-Import Bank. 
f 
LT. COL. THOMAS PARR—SOLDIER, 
SURGEON, AND SCHOLAR 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Thom-
as J. Parr’s story should be taught and known. This man reflects what is good and right about our country. 
In 1967, Thomas Parr graduated from the 
United States Military Academy. While study-ing and training at West Point, he completed Ranger School. This earned him the coveted Ranger Tab. After graduation, he served in two tours to Germany and Vietnam. In Ger-many, he commanded an Armored Cavalry Troop during the Soviet Union’s invasion of Czechoslovakia. In Vietnam, he served as Commander of a Mechanized Infantry Com-pany. The training he endured in Ranger School provided him with the tools to soldier as a combat leader. 
He commanded his troop to root out the 
Viet Cong underground organization. He did this by moving his troop quickly through the search areas in order to barricade villages harboring Viet Cong. This provided the village with protection and ultimately drove out the enemy. For his service and leadership in Viet-nam, he earned the Combat Infantryman Badge and three Bronze Stars for Valor and Merit. 
After serving time in combat, he soon real-
ized his calling was medicine. Parr stayed en-listed and got his degree from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School in Dal-las in 1975. He traded his officer’s uniform for scrubs and became an Orthopedic Surgeon. He interned and did his residency at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio. By the late 80s, he relocated to Madigan Army Med-ical Center in Tacoma, Washington to become the Assistant Chief of Orthopedics. There, he set up the surgery department and trained physicians. He was among the first Army sur-geons to start performing arthroscopic surgery. 
He served our country over 20 years and 
retired as United States Army Medical Corps Colonel. Following his military retirement in 1987, Dr. Parr and his wife, Joannie, came back to Texas—of course. Once back in the Lone Star State, Dr. Parr started a private practice in Sugar Land. And the rest they say is history. His achievements as an orthopedic surgeon have made him well known and well respected. He is recognized nationally as a leader in Orthopedic and Sports Injury Medi-cine and today, he continues to make remark-able strides in the medical field. He’s the first in the nation to perform MAKOplasty—a robotic arm procedure used in knee replace-ment surgery. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27OC8.024 E27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1550 October 27, 2015 
As a staunch defender of America and her 
values, Dr. Parr has translated his service from the battlefield to the operating room and now into our community. Today, he serves on the Board of Directors for the West Point Soci-ety of Greater Houston, helping deserving youth to apply and obtain acceptance into any of our nation’s military academies. 
With his twenty years of military service and 
medical expertise, Dr. Parr helps future mili-tary cadets work their way through the medical requirements of eligibility. 
Despite his busy schedule, Dr. Parr always 
has time to help those with ties to the military service. Once a Marine, always a Marine. 
Dr. Parr’s life journey is one of honor, duty, 
God, country and helping his fellow man. From the United States Military Academy at West Point to the jungles of Vietnam, to the operating rooms of Washington and now in the surgical rooms in Houston, Texas, Dr. Parr has made, and is still making, a difference to our nation. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
H.R. 597—TO REAUTHORIZE THE 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, it’s been almost 
four months since Congress failed to renew the Export-Import Bank’s charter—marking the first lapse in the Bank’s 81 years of operation. This disservice to American businesses must end. 
The Export-Import Bank helps U.S.-made 
products remain competitive and reach over-seas markets, while supporting thousands of middle-class jobs. In my own district during the last eight years, the Ex-Im Bank has sup-ported $2.2 billion worth of exports and over 14,000 jobs at 22 exporters—including nine small businesses. 
The Bank has been reauthorized 16 times 
by Republican and Democratic Presidents. There is no reason to keeping politicizing the Bank’s Reauthorization. 
I urge immediate passage. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 597, THE EX-
PORT-IMPORT BANK REFORM AND REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support 
of H.R. 597, as amended. It is mystifying to me why there is such vociferous opposition to the Export-Import Bank among a majority of our Republican colleagues. For decades, a solid majority of Republicans have joined with Democrats to support the Bank and its vital role in creating and sustaining jobs for Amer-ican workers. 
But not now. Why? The Export-Import Bank 
should appeal to all Republicans, as it does to us Democrats. 
The Bank supports the American private 
sector, both exporters and lenders. It steps in only when needed to level the playing field in 
international competition. Virtually all of its fi-nancing is issued as guarantees and insur-ance of loans by commercial lenders. It fi-nances only American-made goods and Amer-ican-provided services. Some 90 percent of its financing is for exports by American small businesses, last year some 3,300 firms. The result last year was 164,000 jobs for American workers, 6,500 in New York. What could be more business-friendly? 
The Bank should appeal to fiscal conserv-
atives as well. It is operated on a business-like basis. It charges fees, premiums and interest, at full market rates. Those receipts fully cover all the Bank’s expenses. It even generates a surplus that goes to the U.S. Treasury to re-duce the federal deficit. Last year, that deficit reduction was $675 million. What could be more fiscally prudent? 
The Bank is a careful lender. Its loss rate is 
below 2 percent, far lower than any commer-cial bank. The Bank maintains cash reserves against the risk of loss, currently amounting to $5 billion. All of those reserves are generated from its user fees, not the taxpayer. Why doesn’t that record appeal to Republicans, as it does to Democrats? 
The Bank is a fiscally-prudent solution to a 
real-world problem: foreign competition that has its own financial support. Some 60 foreign governments operate export finance programs. Some, like China’s, Japan’s, Germany’s and even Canada’s, are much larger than Ex-Im. Financing is a crucial element of trade com-petition: a company that can bring customer fi-nancing to the table often wins the transaction. When foreign governments back their export-ers, American exporters and their workers lose. Ex-Im Bank is our answer. 
So I simply cannot understand why a major-
ity of Republicans in this House forced the Bank to close its financing window in July. It can’t be due to subsidy, because there isn’t any. It can’t be due to government competition with the private sector, because the Bank doesn’t do that. It can’t be for any budgetary reason, because the Bank is self-financing. 
For those of us who support Ex-Im Bank 
and the American firms and workers that the Bank sustains, the only conclusion we can draw is that the excessive campaign against Ex-Im Bank is another example of hard-bitten, intransigent ideology eclipsing the need to em-brace a business-friendly, budget-conscious, prudent program for America. 
f 
BREAST CANCER AWARENESS 
MONTH 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, October marks Breast Cancer Awareness Month—a month to especially recognize and celebrate breast cancer patients, survivors, and advocates. While breast cancer affects in-dividuals and families throughout the year, I especially appreciate the awareness and ad-vocacy efforts that occur this week, especially the Walk for Life and Women’s Night Out. 
The Walk for Life/Race for Life at Palmetto 
Health, though rescheduled due to the tragic flooding, is celebrating twenty-five years of raising funds and awareness for survivors and 
treatments in the Midlands. In the past twenty- five years, the Walk for Life, led by Chair Janet Snider, has gone from 200 participants in the first year to over 11,000 participants last year, raising over $800,000. 
Women’s Night Out at Lexington Medical 
Center, led by President Mike Biediger, is an inspiring evening at Burkett, Burkett, and Burkett CPAs, where the hospital honors breast cancer patients, survivors, and their families. I know firsthand of the success at Lexington Medical Center, where my son Addison in high school was successfully treat-ed for thyroid cancer determined by Dr. H.W. Bledsoe, Jr., and now himself is an orthopedic surgeon. 
In conclusion, God Bless Our Troops and 
may the President by his actions never forget September 11th in the Global War on Ter-rorism. 
f 
THE ‘‘URGENCY OF NOW’’ 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of action—the preference for progress of a status quo that is robbing millions of Americans of opportunity. Every person in this chamber was elected to improve this country and make the lives of our constituents a little bit easier. 
Nowhere is it easier to improve the quality 
of life for Americans than in investing for the long-term in our transportation infrastructure. The American economy depends upon the rapid delivery of goods and services. 
But as the White House pointed out in 
2014’s ‘‘Economic Analysis of Transportation Infrastructure Investment,’’ we are failing to support this vital network of roads, bridges, railways and other means of transportation. 
Last year, the World Economic Forum 
ranked the United States’ roads 18th in the world; 65% of our major roads are in less than ‘‘good’’ condition; one in four requires signifi-cant repair. These inadequacies directly im-pact us all. Each year, we spend 5.5 billion unnecessary hours stuck in traffic—that’s a $120 billion in extra fuel and unproductive time. 
Those figures cost business and industry an 
extra $27 billion in freight costs and delays. Money that could have gone to employees, or shareholders, or to investments in the future. 
But it isn’t just corporations paying the price. 
It is the quarter of the 33,000 traffic fatalities where road conditions were a factor. It is the 45 percent of Americans who cannot access adequate transit. 
Today, the House voted to fund yet another 
short-term bill—as it should—to keep our sur-face transportation system moving. At the same time, this House voted to delay imple-mentation of a 6-year-old law that requires ‘‘positive train control’’—a technology that saves lives and which I want to see rolled out as soon as possible—because they thought it important to provide the rail industry with cer-tainty. 
But the simple fact is those two principles 
are at odds—because we aren’t providing any certainty to American industry and American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27OC8.027 E27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1551 October 27, 2015 
passengers and American drivers with a three- 
week transportation funding bill. A trip of a thousand miles may begin with a single step— but you have to begin with a destination and path in mind. It is time this body recognizes the urgency 
of our problem. Transportation investments aren’t based on a three-week schedule—and federal support shouldn’t be either. Let’s finally get something done on transpor-
tation, and pass a bill that will fund infrastruc-
ture priorities further out than people are book-ing flights for Thanksgiving. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27OC8.031 E27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1136 Tuesday, October 27, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed S. 754, Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act, as amend-
ed. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7497–S7550 
Measures Introduced: Five bills were introduced, 
as follows: S. 2207–2211.                                      Page S7546 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1326, to amend certain maritime programs of 
the Department of Transportation, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–158) 
S. 1789, to improve defense cooperation between 
the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan.
                                                                             Page S7545 
Measures Passed: 
Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act: By 74 
yeas to 21 nays (Vote No. 291), Senate passed S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cy-bersecurity threats, and after taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
      Page S7498 
Adopted: 
Burr (for Flake/Franken) Further Modified 
Amendment No. 2582 (to Amendment No. 2716), to terminate the provisions of the Act after ten years. 
                                                                                            Page S7498 
Burr/Feinstein Amendment No. 2749 (to Amend-
ment No. 2716), relating to cybersecurity informa-tion sharing.
                                                                 Page S7521 
Burr/Feinstein Amendment No. 2716, in the na-
ture of a substitute.                                    Pages S7498, S7521 
Rejected: 
By 41 yeas to 55 nays (Vote No. 285), Feinstein 
(for Wyden) Modified Amendment No. 2621 (to Amendment No. 2716), to improve the require-ments relating to removal of personal information from cyber threat indicators before sharing. 
                                                                      Pages S7498, S7503–04 
By 47 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. 286), Burr (for 
Heller) Modified Amendment No. 2548 (to Amend-ment No. 2716), to protect information that is rea-
sonably believed to be personal information or infor-mation that identifies a specific person. 
                                                   Pages S7498, S7502–03, S7504–05 
By 37 yeas to 59 nays (Vote No. 287), Feinstein 
(for Leahy) Modified Amendment No. 2587 (to Amendment No. 2716), to strike the FOIA exemp-tion.
                                               Pages S7498, S7505, S7507–08 
By 35 yeas to 60 nays (Vote No. 288), Feinstein 
(for Franken) Further Modified Amendment No. 2612 (to Amendment No. 2716), to improve the definitions of cybersecurity threat and cyber threat indicator.
                                                                Pages S7509–10 
By 41 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 289), Feinstein 
(for Coons) Further Modified Amendment No. 2552 (to Amendment No. 2716), to modify section 105 to require DHS to review all cyber threat indicators and countermeasures in order to remove certain per-
sonal information.
                                      Pages S7498, S7508 
By 22 yeas to 73 nays (Vote No. 290), Burr (for 
Cotton) Modified Amendment No. 2581 (to Amend-ment No. 2716), to exempt from the capability and process within the Department of Homeland Secu-rity communication between a private entity and the Federal Bureau of Investigation or the United States Secret Service regarding cybersecurity threats. 
                                                                            Pages S7498, S7511 
Chair sustained a point of order that the following 
amendments were not germane, and the amendments thus fell: 
Feinstein (for Whitehouse/Graham) Modified 
Amendment No. 2626 (to Amendment No. 2716), to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect Americans from cybercrime.
           Pages S7498, S7503–04 
Feinstein (for Mikulski/Cardin) Amendment No. 
2557 (to Amendment No. 2716), to provide amounts necessary for accelerated cybersecurity in re-sponse to data breaches.
                    Pages S7498, S7503–04 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that the motion to invoke cloture on the bill, be withdrawn.
                                                             Page S7520 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27OC5.REC D27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1137 October 27, 2015 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7545 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7545 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S7545 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S7545–46 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7546–47 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7547–49 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7543–45 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7549–50 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7550 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S7550 
Record Votes: Seven record votes were taken today. 
(Total—291)    Pages S7504, S7505, S7508, S7509–10, S7520, 
S7521, S7522 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:23 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, October 28, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7550.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
U.S. MILITARY STRATEGY IN THE MIDDLE 
EAST 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine United States military strategy in the Middle East, after receiving testimony from Ash Carter, Secretary, and General Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., USMC, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, both of the Department of Defense. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee ordered favorably reported the nomina-tion of Sarah Elizabeth Feinberg, of West Virginia, 
to be Administrator of the Federal Railroad Admin-istration, Department of Transportation. 
OSM’S PROPOSED STREAM PROTECTION 
RULE OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Of-fice of Surface Mining, Reclamation, and Enforce-ment’s proposed Stream Protection Rule, after receiv-ing testimony from Janice M. Schneider, Assistant Secretary of the Interior, Land and Minerals Manage-ment; Randy C. Huffman, West Virginia Depart-ment of Environmental Protection, Charleston; Todd Parfitt, Wyoming Department of Environmental Quality, Cheyenne; and Jim Hecker, Public Justice, and Hal Quinn, National Mining Association, both of Washington, D.C. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine the Internal Revenue Service’s response to Committee recommendations contained in its Au-gust 5, 2015 report, after receiving testimony from John A. Koskinen, Commissioner, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury. 
SYRIAN CONFLICT 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a 
closed briefing on the Administration’s response to the Syrian conflict from John F. Kerry, Secretary of State. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 8 public 
bills, H.R. 3834–3841; and 5 resolutions, H. Res. 494, 496–499 were introduced.
                 Pages H7253–54 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7254–55 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 2212, to take certain Federal lands located 
in Lassen County, California, into trust for the ben-efit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other 
purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–314); and 
H. Res. 495, providing for consideration of the 
Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain orga-nizations. (H. Rept. 114–315).
                          Page H7253 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27OC5.REC D27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1138 October 27, 2015 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Valadao to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H7191 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:39 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H7196 
Suspension: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measure: 
Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2015: 
H.R. 3819, to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, tran-sit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund.
                                                          Pages H7207–14 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-
imous consent that the question of adopting a mo-tion to recommit on H.R. 597 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. 
                                                                                            Page H7201 
Reform Exports and Expand the American Econ-omy Act: The House passed H.R. 597, to reauthor-
ize the Export-Import Bank of the United States, by a yea-and-nay vote of 313 yeas to 118 nays, Roll No. 576. Consideration began yesterday, October 26th.
                                                     Pages H7216–31, H7243–44 
Rejected the Norton motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on Financial Services, by voice vote (the Hensarling request for the yeas and nays was vacated by unanimous consent).
       Pages H7229–31 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of H.R. 3611, as introduced, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. 
                                                                                    Pages H7217–29 
H. Res. 450, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 597) was agreed to by a yea-and- nay vote of 275 yeas to 154 nays, Roll No. 573, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and- nay vote of 271 yeas to 158 nays, Roll No. 572. 
                                                                                    Pages H7216–17 
Retail Investor Protection Act: The House passed 
H.R. 1090, to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to provide protections for retail customers, by a yea-and-nay vote of 245 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 575.
                         Pages H7201–07, H7214–16, H7231–43 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–31 shall be considered as adopted.
                                                                          Page H7231 
Rejected: Lynch amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 
114–313) that sought to replace the bill’s existing requirement that the Department of Labor (DOL) stop its rulemaking pending a final Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rule with a requirement that the SEC revises its own regulations governing fiduciary duty no later than 60 days after the DOL 
finalizes its rule and coordinates its rulemaking with the DOL (by a yea-and-nay vote of 184 yeas to 246 nays, Roll No. 574).
                                        Pages H7241–43 
H. Res. 491, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 1090) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 244 ayes to 186 noes, Roll No. 571, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 185 nays, Roll No. 570. 
                                                                                    Pages H7214–16 
Recess: The House recessed at 7:44 p.m. and recon-
vened at 12:13 a.m.                                                  Page H7251 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on pages H7200–01. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Six yea-and-nay votes and 
one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H7214–15, H7215–16, H7216, H7216–17, H7242–43, H7243, H7243–44. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 12:14 a.m. on Wednesday, October 28, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE OF SNAP: BREAKING THE CYCLE 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Nutrition 
held a hearing entitled ‘‘Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: Breaking the Cycle’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
SHORTENING THE DEFENSE ACQUISITION 
CYCLE 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Shortening the Defense Acquisition Cycle’’. Testimony was heard from Paul Francis, Managing Director, Acquisition and Sourcing Man-agement, Government Accountability Office; and public witnesses. 
GAME CHANGERS—UNDERSEA WARFARE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on 
Seapower and Projection Forces held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Game Changers—Undersea Warfare’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
IMPROVING CAREER AND TECHNICAL 
EDUCATION TO HELP STUDENTS SUCCEED IN THE WORKFORCE 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Sec-ondary Education held a hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Career and Technical Education to Help Students 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27OC5.REC D27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1139 October 27, 2015 
Succeed in the Workforce’’. Testimony was heard 
from public witnesses. 
COMMON CARRIER REGULATION OF THE 
INTERNET: INVESTMENT IMPACTS 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Common Carrier Regulation of the Internet: Investment Impacts’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
E-MANIFEST: AN UPDATE ON 
IMPLEMENTATION 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Environment and the Economy held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘E-manifest: An Update on Implementation’’. Testimony was heard from Barnes Johnson, Director, Office of Resource Conservation and Recovery, Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Response, Environ-mental Protection Agency. 
THE GLOBAL CRISIS OF RELIGIOUS 
FREEDOM 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Global Crisis of Religious Freedom’’. Testimony was heard from David N. Saperstein, Ambassador-at- Large for International Religious Freedom, Depart-ment of State; and Robert P. George, Chairman, U.S. Commission on International Religious Free-dom. 
EXAMINING THE SYRIAN HUMANITARIAN 
CRISIS FROM THE GROUND, PART II 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Examining the Syrian Humanitarian Crisis from the Ground, Part II’’. Testimony was heard from Anne C. Richard, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migration, Department of State; Leo ´n Rodrı ´guez, Director, U.S. Citizenship 
and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security; and Thomas Staal, Senior Deputy Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Democracy, Conflict and Humanitarian Assistance, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on House Administration: Full Committee 
held a markup on a committee resolution amending Committee regulations to permit officially-sanc-tioned competitions. The committee resolution amending Committee regulations to permit offi-cially-sanctioned competitions passed. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 3279, the ‘‘Open Book on Equal 
Access to Justice Act’’; and H.R. 2834, to enact cer-tain laws relating to the environment as title 55, United States Code, ‘‘Environment’’. H.R. 3279 and H.R. 2834 were ordered reported, without amend-ment. 
VA AND DOD IT: ELECTRONIC HEALTH 
RECORDS INTEROPERABILITY 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Oversight and Investigations of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘VA and DoD IT: Electronic Health Records Interoperability’’. Testimony was heard from LaVerne Council, Assistant Secretary for Information Technology, Chief Information Officer, Department of Veterans Affairs; Brian P. Burns, Deputy Director, Warfighter Systems Integration, Office of Informa-tion Dominance, Department of Veterans Affairs; Christopher A. Miller, Program Executive Officer, Defense Healthcare Management Systems, Depart-ment of Defense; David DeVries, Principal Deputy Chief Information Officer, Department of Defense; and Valarie C. Melvin, Director of Information Man-agement and Technology Resources Issues, Govern-ment Accountability Office. 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS 
THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314, the ‘‘Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to Appeal Act’’ [Bipartisan Budget Agreement of 2015]. The com-mittee granted, by voice vote, a rule that provides for the consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314. The rule makes in order a motion of-fered by the Majority Leader or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment with the amendment printed in Part A of the Rules Com-mittee report modified by the amendment printed in Part B of the report. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the motion and pro-vides that the motion is not subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule provides that the Senate amendment and the motion shall be consid-ered as read. The rule provides one hour of debate on the motion equally divided and controlled by the Majority Leader and the Minority Leader or their re-spective designees. Testimony was heard from Rep-resentatives Hastings, Mulvaney, Schweikert, and Clawson of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27OC5.REC D27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1140 October 27, 2015 
A REVIEW OF PROGRESS BY THE 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY (DHS), SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DIRECTORATE 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of Progress by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Science and Technology Directorate’’. Testimony was heard from Reginald Brothers, Under Secretary, Science and Technology, Department of Homeland Security. 
MAXIMIZING MENTORING: HOW ARE THE 
SBA AND DOD MENTOR-PROTE ´GE´ 
PROGRAMS SERVING SMALL BUSINESSES? 
Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Con-
tracting and Workforce held a hearing entitled ‘‘Maximizing Mentoring: How are the SBA and DoD Mentor-Prote ´ge´Programs Serving Small Busi-
nesses?’’. Testimony was heard from Kenyatta Wes-ley, Acting Director, Office of Small Business Pro-grams, Department of Defense; and A. John Shoraka, Associate Administrator of Government Contracting and Business Development, Small Business Adminis-tration. 
PREVENTION OF AND RESPONSE TO THE 
ARRIVAL OF A DIRTY BOMB AT A U.S. PORT 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-
committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation held a hearing entitled ‘‘Prevention of and Re-sponse to the Arrival of a Dirty Bomb at a U.S. Port’’. Testimony was heard from Rear Admiral Peter J. Brown, Assistant Commandant for Response Policy, United States Coast Guard; Huban Gowadia, Director, Domestic Nuclear Detection Office; Todd Owen, Assistant Commissioner, Office of Field Op-erations, Customs and Border Protection; David C. Maurer, Director, Justice and Law Enforcement Issues, Homeland Security and Justice Team, Gov-ernment Accountability Office; Gregory H. Canavan, Senior Fellow, Los Alamos National Laboratories; Charles A. (Gus) Potter, Distinguished Member of the Technical Staff, Sandia National Laboratories; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
OCTOBER 28, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Transpor-
tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine unmanned aircraft systems and the steps being taken to successfully inte-grate this technology into our National Airspace System, 10 a.m., SD–192. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, to 
hold hearings to examine realizing the potential of the Department of Energy national laboratories, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Sub-
committee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Pro-tection, to hold hearings to examine the state of rural banking, focusing on challenges and consequences, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to 
hold hearings to examine the nomination of Jessica Rosenworcel, of the District of Columbia, to be a Mem-ber of the Federal Communications Commission for a term of five years from July 1, 2015, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the United States role and strategy in the Middle East, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. 
Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the 
nominations of Peter William Bodde, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to Libya, Marc Jonathan Sievers, of Mary-land, to be Ambassador to the Sultanate of Oman, Elisabeth I. Millard, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tajikistan, and Kenneth Damian Ward, of Virginia, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as United States Representative to the Organi-zation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, all of the Department of State, and John Morton, of Massachu-setts, to be Executive Vice President of the Overseas Pri-vate Investment Corporation, 3:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Sub-
committee on Primary Health and Retirement Security, to hold hearings to examine retirement plan options for small businesses, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine the state of our nation’s bio-defense, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-
ine Department of Veterans Affairs mental health, focus-ing on ensuring access to care, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Big Data and Agriculture: Innovation and Implica-tions’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Military 
Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Transition Assistance Pro-gram—A Unity of Effort’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27OC5.REC D27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1141 October 27, 2015 
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigation, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Assessing DOD’s Assured Access to Micro-Elec-tronics in Support of U.S. National Security Require-ments’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Restoring the Trust for America’s Most Vulner-able’’, 10 a.m., 210 Cannon. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 3459, the ‘‘Protecting Local Business Opportunity Act’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Breaking Down Barriers to Broadband Infrastructure Deployment’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Update on Low-Level Radioactive Waste Disposal Issues’’; markup on S. 611, the ‘‘Grassroots Rural and Small Community Water Systems Assistance Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on 
Counterterrorism and Intelligence, hearing entitled ‘‘Ter-ror Inmates: Countering Violent Extremism in Prison and Beyond’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal 
Lands, hearing on a discussion draft of the ‘‘Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Modernization Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native 
Affairs, hearing on H.R. 3764, the ‘‘Tribal Recognition 
Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 1334 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing 
on H.R. 1219, the ‘‘Arbuckle Project Maintenance Com-plex and District Office Conveyance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1296, to amend the San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act to clarify certain settlement terms, and for other purposes; and H.R. 3062, the ‘‘Assuring Private Property Rights Over Vast Access to Land (APPROVAL) Act’’, 2:30 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-
committee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Radicalization: Social Media and the Rise of Terrorism’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee 
on Research and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the Networking and Information Technology Research and Development (NITRD) Program’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27OC5.REC D27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1142 October 27, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Wednesday, October 28 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business until 12 noon. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, October 28 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of the Senate 
amendment to H.R. 1314—Trade Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E1543, E1544 
Buck, Ken, Colo., E1544 Bucshon, Larry, Ind., E1545 Castor, Kathy, Fla., E1542 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1547 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E1550 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E1544 DesJarlais, Scott, Tenn., E1541 Edwards, Donna F., Md., E1541 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1545, E1546, E1547, E1549, E1550 
Farr, Sam, Calif., E1541 Garamendi, John, Calif., E1545, E1547 Green, Gene, Tex., E1549 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1548 Keating, William R., Mass., E1547 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E1550 McNerney, Jerry, Calif., E1546 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1546 
Poe, Ted, Tex., E1549 Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E1543 
Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E1548 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E1547 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1542, E1543 Stutzman, Marlin A., Ind., E1547 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E1548 Takai, Mark, Hawaii, E1543 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1541 
Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1550 Young, Todd C., Ind., E1544, E1545 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Oct 28, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D27OC5.REC D27OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST