Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7141 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23, 2015 No. 156 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, October 26, 2015, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , OCTOBER 23, 2015 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Compassionate and merciful God, we 
give You thanks for giving us another day. 
Give the Members of this House 
strength, fortitude, and patience. Fill their hearts with charity, their minds with understanding, their wills with courage to do the right thing for all of America. 
In the work to be done in the week to 
come, may they rise together to ac-complish what is best for our great Na-tion. 
Yesterday we honored—and we thank 
You for—the service rendered to all the world of the Monuments Men of World War II. May we always be grateful for the genius in our midst and the efforts of those who labor to preserve the pat-rimony of our human civilization. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, pur-
suant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I ob-
ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Louisiana (Mr. A BRAHAM ) come 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. ABRAHAM led the Pledge of Al-
legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
BILL CAREY, A BELOVED 
CENTRAL NEW YORK JOURNALIST 
(Mr. KATKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to the life of Bill Carey, a beloved central New York tel-
evision and radio journalist. 
For over four decades, Bill’s familiar 
voice could be heard in households throughout central New York. His sto-ries were always memorable. He pos-sessed the stunning ability to trans-form ordinary news into a fascinating story. Bill’s love for his work earned him a special place in the hearts of central New Yorkers. 
Less than a year ago, I was joined 
here in Washington by Bill on the very day that I was sworn in to represent central New York in Congress. Today, I am joined here by Bill’s beloved wife of more than 40 years, MaryEllen, and his daughter Joelle. 
I would like to tell them that Bill 
was a great reporter and an even better friend and that he touched the lives of so many in our community; but they already know that. They know it from the tributes that ran on every type of media outlet in central New York upon the news of his death. 
Bill made stories count. He will for-
ever be remembered as one of the best journalists our town has ever known, and he was a great guy as well. 
God bless you, Bill. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, last 
Sunday, mass shootings inflicted vio-lence on Elkhart, Indiana, and Fort Myers, Florida. There have been more than 300 mass shootings in the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.000 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7142 October 23, 2015 
States this year—more than in any 
other country in the world. 
One of the causes for this gun vio-
lence epidemic is that the NICS sys-
tem, which is the background check system that we rely on to keep our communities safe, is not working. 
Over the last few years, shooters in 
Aurora, Charleston, and at Virginia Tech were all able to buy guns legally despite numerous red flags; and, as of last year, 11 States still were not even providing information to the NICS sys-tem. Congress needs to do more to bring them into the system. 
Right now, someone who has com-
mitted a violent crime could walk into a gun store and put an assault rifle on the counter, and if a background check is not completed within 3 days, there is no prohibition to selling that indi-vidual the gun. We need to extend this review period so NICS can thoroughly vet someone before he is able to buy a gun. 
These are commonsense solutions, 
and it is time for Congress to act and put a stop to an epidemic that is tak-ing the lives of thousands of Americans each year. 
f 
IN HONOR OF GEORGE STOUT 
(Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Art Conservationist Specialist George Stout in honor of his granddaughter and Mishawaka resi-dent, Lauren Parker. 
George Stout was one of the leaders 
of the Monuments Men, a group estab-lished in 1944 of men and women who served in the Monuments, Fine Arts, and Archives section under the Allied Armies during World War II. 
We cannot thank him and the Monu-
ments Men enough for their heroic role in the preservation, protection, and restitution of monuments, works of art, and artifacts of cultural impor-tance during and following World War II. 
Today, in accordance with H.R. 3658, 
the Monuments Men Recognition Act of 2014, a Congressional Gold Medal was given in commemoration of the Monu-ments Men. 
Stout is an honorary Hoosier, in my 
eyes, and I am grateful for the oppor-tunity to meet his family as we honor him and the other Monuments Men with the Congressional Gold Medal Award. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in hon-
oring George Stout and the other Monuments Men for their invaluable efforts during World War II. 
f 
CALENDAR OF CHAOS 
(Mr. ISRAEL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, 
the American people saw the television spectacle of the Benghazi hearing. In 
watching my Republican friends on tel-evision, it was like watching an ‘‘I Love Lucy’’ episode—the same plot, the same characters, the same script, and nothing new. 
Here is what the American people did 
not see yesterday from the majority in this Congress: They didn’t see a hear-ing to create jobs. They didn’t hear an idea to increase incomes. They didn’t hear one single solution to reduce the cost of education. 
The American people want Repub-
licans to spend their time increasing incomes and less time trying to take down Hillary Clinton. We are tired of this calendar of chaos, Mr. Speaker. It is time for action. It is time for nego-tiation. It is time for compromise. It is time to stop wasting time and tax dol-lars. 
f 
NATIONAL FOREST PRODUCTS 
WEEK 
(Mr. ABRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in celebration of National Forest Products Week. I would like to recog-nize the more than 18,000 hardworking men and women who are employed by the forest products industry in Lou-isiana, including nearly 2,500 working in the pulp and paper sector in my dis-trict alone. 
Many of America’s forests exist to 
support a strong market for forest products—markets that encourage landowners to replant forests respon-sibly and manage them sustainably. In Louisiana, this industry provides hard-working Americans with over $1.1 bil-lion in compensation every year and is a top 10 manufacturing sector in the State. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
celebrating National Forest Products Week and reflect on the fact that, today, the U.S. has 20 percent more trees than it did on the first Earth Day in 1970. Together, let’s ensure that the sustainable and renewable products that come from these forests endure for generations to come. 
f 
GUNS AND GOVERNMENT’S 
FAILURE 
(Mr. PETERS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, a few 
weeks ago, I stood in this Chamber and called on Congress to take action to improve our Nation’s background check system for firearm purchases. 
Despite an overwhelming amount of 
support across the country for uni-versal background checks and bipar-tisan legislation to implement them, this Congress has still done nothing. It is just the latest example of Congress failing to do the work of the American people. The debt ceiling and transpor-tation funding are two others. Last week, I joined with our former 
police chief and Republican mayor and a group of moms and other San 
Diegans who now imagine the possi-bility of sending their children to school and never seeing them again, and we called on Congress to take ac-tion, to do something. 
In San Diego, keeping guns out of the 
hands of those who shouldn’t have them is not a partisan issue. In fact, more than 90 percent of Americans sup-port increasing background checks and closing loopholes. I have brought the signatures of those San Diegans with me here to Washington and have per-sonally delivered their requests for ac-tion to the Speaker of the House. 
It is time to get to work. It is time to 
do something. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT 
(Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, as 
Commander in Chief, the President of the United States is tasked with up-holding the safety and security of our Nation; but, yesterday, President Obama vetoed the annual defense bill that ensures the right policies are in place to protect us. 
The National Defense Authorization 
Act is actually one of the few pieces of legislation up here that regularly gets voted out of the House and Senate, re-gardless of who controls the Chamber. 
This year, the NDAA passed the 
House of Representatives by a vote of 270–156, and it passed the Senate 70–27. It is one of the few things that gets done like it is supposed to. In fact, the NDAA has been enacted into law every year since its inception in 1961. 
President Obama vetoed this bill not 
because he disagreed with its sub-stance, but because he wanted to use it as a bargaining chip to force Congress to increase its spending for his non-de-fense programs. 
Mr. Speaker, the Taliban is reen-
tering Afghanistan. Islamic extremists are attempting to conquer Iraq. The U.S. is at odds with Russia over Syria’s civil war; and China is expanding be-yond its territorial claims in the Pa-cific. Frankly, the world is in chaos. 
While he only has one more year in 
office, there could not be a worse time for President Obama to so selfishly— no—so recklessly—push his agenda at the cost of U.S. national security. 
In God we trust. 
f 
SAN GABRIEL MOUNTAINS FOOT-
HILLS AND RIVERS PROTECTION ACT 
(Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to protect a na-tional treasure. 
The San Gabriel Mountains are the 
crown jewel of Los Angeles County, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.002 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7143 October 23, 2015 
but, for decades, they have suffered 
from a dire lack of resources. This has meant that the 3 million yearly visi-tors who have flocked there for the trees, trails, and streams have been greeted with graffiti, trash, and safety hazards. 
For over 10 years, I and others who 
love these mountains have fought to get the San Gabriels the resources they deserve; and, just 1 year ago, we cele-brated as President Obama declared them a national monument—opening the door to new funding. 
Today, I am introducing the San Ga-
briel Mountains, Foothills and River Protection Act to expand that monu-ment and to create a new national recreation area. This bill, with the sup-port of local water, conservation, and recreation groups, will complete the vi-sion of a city seamlessly and sustainably connected to its moun-tains, mountains that are accessible for all. 
f 
DYSLEXIA AWARENESS MONTH 
(Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today because October is Dyslexia Awareness Month. 
According to the National Center for 
Learning Disabilities, nearly 5.8 mil-lion students in the U.S. have been di-agnosed with a learning disorder. Up to one in five of these students suffers from dyslexia. 
This learning disability causes dif-
ficulty with reading comprehension, math, and a variety of other subject areas. More research is needed to un-derstand dyslexia so students receive research-based instruction and have the best opportunities to learn and suc-ceed in the 21st century. 
That is why I have cosponsored the 
READ Act of 2015, a bill that requires the National Science Foundation to fund dyslexia research. This bill is good for students, good for educators, and good for America. 
f 
RAISE THE DEBT LIMIT 
(Mr. HECK of Washington asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, November 3 is when we reach our statutory budget limit. That is when we must raise our debt limit or we de-fault on our obligations: Social Secu-rity payments, Medicare reimburse-ments, and military paychecks. 
Some critics don’t want us to raise 
the limit. They say that spending is too out of control; but, frankly, that is like going into a restaurant, eating a meal, and then skipping out on the check because you wanted to save on calories. If that happens, you are not paying what you owe. 
Even if you commit to spending 
nothing more, you are still on the hook for your financial obligations and com-
mitments. I have a lot of hardworking small-business owners in my district. They don’t skip out on their bills, and they don’t expect the government to either. 
There is no doubt about it. Our econ-
omy will suffer. At a time when our budget deficit is at its lowest level in 8 years, we should not take this step backward. Let’s pay our bills, not torch our economy. 
f 
b0915 
RESTORING AMERICANS’ 
HEALTHCARE FREEDOM REC-ONCILIATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 483, I call up the bill (H.R. 3762) to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to sec-tion 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
C
ARTER of Georgia). Pursuant to House 
Resolution 483, the amendment printed in House Report 114–303 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 3762 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Free-dom Reconciliation Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION 
AND THE WORKFORCE 
Sec. 101. Repeal of automatic enrollment re-
quirement. 
TITLE II—COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND 
COMMERCE 
Sec. 201. Repeal of the Prevention and Pub-
lic Health Fund. 
Sec. 202. Federal payment to States. Sec. 203. Funding for community health cen-
ter program. 
TITLE III—COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND 
MEANS 
Subtitle A—Revenue Provisions 
Sec. 301. Repeal of individual mandate. 
Sec. 302. Repeal of employer mandate. Sec. 303. Repeal of medical device excise tax. Sec. 304. Repeal of the tax on employee 
health insurance premiums and health plan benefits and related reporting requirements. 
Subtitle B—Repeal of Independent Payment 
Advisory Board 
Sec. 311. Repeal of Independent Payment 
Advisory Board. 
TITLE I—COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND 
THE WORKFORCE 
SEC. 101. REPEAL OF AUTOMATIC ENROLLMENT 
REQUIREMENT. 
The Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 
U.S.C. 201 et seq.) is amended by repealing section 18A (as added by section 1511 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148)). TITLE II—COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND 
COMMERCE 
SEC. 201. REPEAL OF THE PREVENTION AND PUB-
LIC HEALTH FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4002 of the Pa-
tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u–11) is repealed. 
(b) R
ESCISSION OF UNOBLIGATED FUNDS .—Of 
the funds made available by such section 4002, the unobligated balance is rescinded. 
SEC. 202. FEDERAL PAYMENT TO STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding sections 
504(a), 1902(a)(23), 2002, 2005(a)(4), 2102(a)(7), or 2105(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 704(a), 1396b(a)(23), 1397a, 1397d(a)(4), 1397bb(a)(2), 1397ee(a)(1)), or the terms of any Medicaid waiver in effect on the date of en-actment of this Act that is approved under section 1115 or 1915 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315, 1396n), for the one-year period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act no Federal funds may be made available to a State for payments to a prohibited entity, whether made directly to the prohibited entity or through a managed care organization under contract with the State. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF PROHIBITED ENTITY .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘prohibited entity’’ means an entity, including its affiliates, sub-sidiaries, successors, and clinics— 
(1) that, as of the date of enactment of this 
Act— 
(A) is an organization described in section 
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; 
(B) is an essential community provider de-
scribed in section 156.235 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, that is primarily en-gaged in family planning services, reproduc-tive health, and related medical care; and 
(C) provides for abortions, other than an 
abortion— 
(i) if the pregnancy is the result of an act 
of rape or incest; or 
(ii) in the case where a woman suffers from 
a physical disorder, physical injury, or phys-ical illness that would, as certified by a phy-sician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself; and 
(2) for which the total amount of Federal 
and State expenditures under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act in fiscal year 2014 made directly to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, or clinics of the entity, or made to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidi-aries, successors, or clinics of the entity as part of a nationwide health care provider network, exceeded $350,000,000. 
SEC. 203. FUNDING FOR COMMUNITY HEALTH 
CENTER PROGRAM. 
Effective as if included in the enactment of 
the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–10, 129 Stat. 87), paragraph (1) of section 221(a) of such Act is amended by inserting after ‘‘Section 10503(b)(1)(E) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b-2(b)(1)(E)) is amended’’ the following: ‘‘by striking ‘$3,600,000,000’ and inserting ‘$3,835,000,000’ and’’. 
TITLE III—COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND 
MEANS 
SEC. 301. REPEAL OF INDIVIDUAL MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall not 
apply with respect to any month beginning after December 31, 2014.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 5000A(c) of such Code is amend-
ed— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.003 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7144 October 23, 2015 
(A) in paragraph (2)(B) by striking clauses 
(ii) and (iii), 
(B) in paragraph (3)(B) by striking ‘‘2014’’ 
and all that follows and inserting ‘‘2014.’’, and 
(C) in paragraph (3) by striking subpara-
graph (D). 
(2) Section 5000A(e)(1) of such Code is 
amended by striking subparagraph (D). 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 302. REPEAL OF EMPLOYER MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4980H of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall not 
apply with respect to any month beginning after December 31, 2014.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
4980H(c) of such Code is amended by striking paragraph (5). 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 303. REPEAL OF MEDICAL DEVICE EXCISE 
TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 32 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subchapter E. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Subsection (a) of section 4221 of such 
Code is amended by striking the last sen-tence. 
(2) Paragraph (2) of section 6416(b) of such 
Code is amended by striking the last sen-tence. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
subchapters for chapter 32 of such Code is amended by striking the item relating to subchapter E. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to sales in calendar quarters beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 304. REPEAL OF THE TAX ON EMPLOYEE 
HEALTH INSURANCE PREMIUMS AND HEALTH PLAN BENEFITS AND RELATED REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) E XCISE TAX.—Chapter 43 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking section 4980I. 
(b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Section 
6051(a) of such Code is amended by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (12), by strik-ing ‘‘, and’’ at the end of paragraph (13) and inserting a period, and by striking paragraph (14). 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 43 of such Code is amended by striking the item relating to section 4980I. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided by 
paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2017. 
(2) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The amend-
ment made by subsection (b) shall apply to calendar years beginning after December 31, 2014. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill 
shall be debatable for 2 hours equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on the Budget or their des-ignees. 
The gentleman from Georgia (Mr. 
P
RICE) and the gentleman from Mary-
land (Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) each will con-
trol 60 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative 
days in which to revise and extend their remarks on H.R. 3762, the Restor-ing Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, this year, for the first 
time in over a decade, Congress adopt-ed a 10-year balanced budget agree-ment. The House and Senate were able to agree on a plan that would reduce spending by over $5 trillion, save and strengthen important health and re-tirement programs, provide for a strong national defense, and support a growing economy with greater oppor-tunity for more Americans to achieve their dreams. 
It is a bold plan at a time in our Na-
tion’s history when we face tremendous fiscal and economic challenges, chal-lenges that are being fueled by an inef-fective, inefficient, and unaccountable government bureaucracy right here in Washington. It is this bureaucracy that is interfering in the daily lives and livelihoods of the American people. 
The most prominent example of how 
intrusive Washington has become is the President’s healthcare law. ObamaCare imposes taxes and onerous mandates on individuals, families, and job creators. It undermines the sacred doctor-patient relationship. It is driv-ing up the cost of health care with higher premiums and higher deductibles, while destroying access to quality, innovative healthcare choices. It is discouraging work and making job creation and economic growth more challenging. All this, Mr. Speaker, at a time when we are experiencing the worst economic recovery in the modern era. 
Now, when Congress passed our bi-
cameral budget resolution earlier this year, we initiated a powerful process called reconciliation. Under reconcili-ation, we are able to move legislation through the House and the Senate in an expedited manner and put a bill on the President’s desk. So with the legis-lation before us today, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-onciliation Act, we are using this pow-erful budgetary tool to help end ObamaCare’s attack on Americans’ health care and its attack on our econ-omy. We are doing so to pave the way for a more appropriate, responsive, pa-tient-centered healthcare system that puts patients, families, and doctors in charge of health care, not Washington, D.C. 
Under the guidelines of our budget 
and the rules governing reconciliation, three committees in the House—the Education and Workforce Committee, the Ways and Means Committee, and the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee—produced individual pieces of legislation to repeal major components of ObamaCare. The House Budget Com-
mittee then took those pieces and com-bined them into a single bill that we have now brought to the House floor today. 
The Restoring Americans’ Healthcare 
Freedom Reconciliation Act repeals the individual and the employer man-dates. It repeals the onerous Cadillac tax, it repeals the medical device tax, and it repeals an ObamaCare slush fund, as well as undue demands on em-
ployers and employees. Additionally, it prohibits, for 1 year, taxpayer dollars from being used to pay abortion pro-viders that are prohibited under the legislation, while dedicating additional resources—that is, more money, Mr. Speaker—to community healthcare centers across this country for wom-en’s health care. 
Taken together, the Congressional 
Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation estimate that this legisla-tion will lower deficits by $130 billion over the 10-year budget window. Roughly $51 billion of those savings would come from the positive macro-economic effect of what we are pro-posing. CBO and JCT estimate that this bill will lead to an increase in the labor supply, an increase in economic growth, an increase in capital invest-ment, and an increase in total com-pensation. That is take-home pay, Mr. Speaker. It would also eliminate work disincentives while decreasing Federal borrowing. 
The major components of ObamaCare 
that are repealed under this legislation represent the core of the coercive na-ture of the President’s healthcare law, policies that are forcing people into a healthcare system that Washington is simultaneously making more expen-sive, less accessible, lower quality, and with fewer choices. Nothing in what we are proposing would take insurance coverage away from Americans or their families or preclude anyone from pur-chasing coverage. What we are doing is freeing Americans from government coercion. 
The provisions included in this legis-
lation also share another important distinction, and that is that they all fall within the limited scope of the rec-onciliation process. This is vitally im-portant. Reconciliation is not a silver bullet. There are limitations. And if a piece of legislation breaches those lim-itations, it runs the risk of derailing the entire process. 
Ultimately, however, Mr. Speaker, 
this discussion is not about process. It is about people. It is about the men and women, the families that we have the privilege of representing who know that the only folks who should be mak-ing personal healthcare decisions are individuals, their doctors, and their families. 
This debate is about the millions of 
Americans who have seen their pre-miums go up and their deductibles go up and their out-of-pocket costs sky-rocket after being told that the law, in fact, would bring those costs down, which it has not. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.001 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7145 October 23, 2015 
This is about low-wage workers, Mr. 
Speaker—2.6 million, according to the Hoover Institution—who are at risk of seeing their working hours cut because of ObamaCare. 
This is about those Americans, par-
ticularly the one in four Americans liv-ing in rural parts of our country who found that, in many cases, their healthcare coverage comes with such narrow provider networks that they have to travel long distances to find the treatment that they need and run the risk of even higher costs. 
Mr. Speaker, we can do better. We 
can do better by these Americans and all Americans who long for a healthcare system that is responsive to their needs, that is accessible and af-fordable and not contributing to the decline of economic opportunity and job security. 
There are positive patient-centered 
solutions that would advance the cause of quality health care in this country, and none of them require handing more authority over to Washington. ObamaCare puts Washington in charge. We want to put the American people in charge of their healthcare decisions, and an important step in that direction is this legislation that we have before us today. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in favor 
of this legislation. I look forward to this debate and moving forward on this effort and putting a bill on the Presi-dent’s desk. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill and the vote we 
are going to have today is, I guess, a fitting end to an unproductive and shameful week in the United States Congress. 
Yesterday, we just witnessed an in-
credible abuse of power where a so- called special Benghazi committee, funded by taxpayer money, conducted their political witch hunt against Sec-retary Clinton. The Republican major-ity leader in this own body told the Na-tion on television that it was about bringing down Hillary Clinton’s polls. That dishonors the memory of the four Americans who were killed in Benghazi. 
Then earlier this week, this Congress 
passed legislation that says, you know what? The United States Government doesn’t have to pay all of its bills. We will just pay some of our bills. Forget about the full faith and credit of the United States. We will decide we are going to pay some people and not oth-ers. 
It is as if, Mr. Speaker, one of us got 
up in the morning and said we are just going to make our mortgage payments but forget about the car payments, or we are going to pay this person but not that person. When the United States Government tries to do that, the econ-omy goes downhill fast. 
To add insult to injury, they said, 
when we are going to pay certain peo-ple, we are going to pay the big bond-
holders first. The Government of China and Wall Street, they are going to get paid. Our veterans aren’t going to get paid. Our soldiers aren’t going to get paid. 
I hope our colleagues are reading 
what they are passing here in the United States Congress, because that is what they did earlier this week. 
So what are we doing here today? For 
the 61st time in this House of Rep-resentatives, our Republican col-leagues are moving forward on legisla-tion to dismantle the Affordable Care Act. 
Now, the chairman is entitled to his 
own opinions. He is not entitled to his own facts. All you have to do is read the report of the nonpartisan Congres-sional Budget Office that analyzed this bill, and here is what they say: that, as a result of this legislation, insurance coverage would decline by about 16 mil-lion people in most years; 3 million of those people would be children. 
Why in the world are we here on the 
floor of the House of Representatives passing legislation that is going to take away affordable health care to 15 million Americans, including 3 million children? 
Look at this chart, Mr. Speaker. This 
shows the decline in the number of un-insured people in the United States. As you can see, you see a rapid drop in the number of uninsured Americans as a result of the Affordable Care Act. Our Republican colleagues’ bill wants to get rid of that progress, put all those people back in the position where they don’t have affordable health care. 
They also want to go after women’s 
health programs, including Planned Parenthood, where the testimony from the chairman of the Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform Committee, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , is very clear. They haven’t 
violated any laws. He said it on na-tional television. Here is what he was asked: ‘‘Is there any evidence, in your opinion, that Planned Parenthood has broken any laws?’’ 
‘‘No. I am not suggesting that they 
broke the law.’’ 
It is another political witch hunt, 
just like the Benghazi hearing. You know what? When the regular commit-tees found there was no wrongdoing by Planned Parenthood, our Republican colleagues created a special committee on Planned Parenthood as well. 
Mr. Speaker, when the American peo-
ple had been asked what they think of Congress these days, this is a chart of the words they come up with first: Ri-diculous. Waste of time. Terrible. Frus-trating. 
You are just making this chart worse 
by coming here to this floor, for the 61st time, repealing the Affordable Care Act, a bill that you know has no chance of becoming law because, if it gets to the President’s desk, he has told this Congress long ago he will veto it because the President doesn’t want to get rid of affordable health care for 15 million Americans and 3 million American kids. The President doesn’t 
want to do it. 
I am really, really disappointed that 
our Republican colleagues thought this was a good way to end an unproductive week. It is a sad and shameful state-ment of the state of affairs in this body. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, so we heard about Benghazi. We heard about the debt limit. It sounds kind of like a political speech, doesn’t it, Mr. Speaker? 
The gentleman knows that there is 
nothing in this legislation that would keep families from purchasing cov-erage for their children—nothing, noth-ing at all. 
The reconciliation package before us 
only provides tax relief to working families and individuals. It gives them the freedom from government coercion in the area of health care. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), a won-
derful and productive member of the Budget Committee. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the chairman for all the wonder-ful work you are doing to advance this bill and to advance our budget. 
As a member of the Budget Com-
mittee, I am proud to support the Re-storing Americans’ Healthcare Free-dom Reconciliation Act, which is a very, very important bill that does dis-mantle key provisions of ObamaCare that are harming people. 
We were sent here to fight for the 
American people. They do not want their health care dictated to them by Washington, and they don’t want their tax dollars going to go abortion pro-viders. 
This bill protects life by stopping the 
flow of taxpayer dollars to abortion providers. The people have, for years, begged Congress to end the flow of tax-payer dollars to Planned Parenthood, especially in the wake of the recent horrendous videos showing Planned Parenthood officials exhibiting a bla-tant disregard for human life. 
This bill places a moratorium on 
funding for abortion providers and redi-rects these funds to increase funding for community health centers. These health centers serve eight times more women patients than Planned Parent-hood, and they provide more com-prehensive care to women. 
I am proud to support this bill, and I 
urge my colleagues to support it as well. 
b0930 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
EDLIEU), a distin-
guished member of the Committee on the Budget. 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, my parents immigrated to America because they saw that shining city upon the hill. America became ex-ceptional because we invested in edu-cation, we invested in infrastructure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.006 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7146 October 23, 2015 
that connected our States, in Social 
Security and Medicare that provided economic freedom for so many Ameri-cans. 
But this budget bill, one of its main 
points is to defund Planned Parent-hood. These are not the priorities of the American people. This is a hyperpartisan document that is just talking points for extremists. 
It is time for the majority party to 
do what we were all elected here to do in Congress. We were elected to lead 
the greatest country on Earth. It is time we start acting like it. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Hyperpartisan, Mr. Speaker? 
Hyperpartisan? Let me show you a chart here. These are four items that are included in this piece of legislation, that are packaged in this piece of legis-lation: 
Reducing, repealing the Prevention 
and Public Health Fund. When that bill itself came to the floor of the House, 147 Democrats voted ‘‘yes’’—147. 
Delay the individual mandate. When 
that bill came to the floor of the House, 27 Democrats voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Delay the employer mandate. When 
that bill came to the floor of the House, 35 Democrats voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Repeal the medical device tax. When 
that came to the floor of the House, 46 Democrats voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, these are mostly—most-
ly—bipartisan issues. The American people are for repeal of these portions of ObamaCare. Democrats even in this House have recognized the wisdom of it. 
I now yield 2 minutes to the gen-
tleman from Michigan (Mr. M
OOLENAAR ), another good member of 
the Committee on the Budget. 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, as 
the chairman mentioned, today we are voting to repeal some of the burden-some taxes and mandates the Obama administration has placed on hard-working Americans with this healthcare law. 
Today we have the opportunity to 
vote in a bipartisan way to end the in-dividual mandate, the employer man-date, the medical device tax, the Cad-illac tax, the slush fund, and the auto enrollment mandate. 
The Affordable Care Act has proven 
to be unaffordable for millions of Americans who lost the coverage they enjoyed and must now pay higher pre-miums. Already hardworking families in my district have been told about the rate hikes that will make the healthcare premiums that they pay more expensive this next year. 
Today we are repealing mandates. 
But, unfortunately, we are not, in this legislation, able to repeal the Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board that determines which treatments Ameri-cans are allowed to have or the health insurance tax that eliminates con-sumer choice and access. 
Today this is a positive step toward a 
system of patient-centered alter-natives, with lower premiums that 
allow individuals to choose the cov-erage they want. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ), a distin-
guished member of the Committee on the Budget. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, since we 
are considering this reconciliation bill, I looked up the word ‘‘reconciliation’’ because I thought maybe I don’t know what the word means. They say that reconciliation is a process of making consistent or compatible. 
Mr. Speaker, there is nothing in the 
bill before us that is either consistent or compatible with a woman’s con-stitutional right to control her body. This bill is neither consistent nor com-patible with a woman’s human right to reproductive freedom. 
The only thing this bill reconciles is 
the majority’s machismo, Mr. Speaker, the stubborn resolve to deny women— especially the poorest women in our country—access to health care. Despite the claims that you have heard here on this floor that ‘‘there is nothing to stop women from accessing health care,’’ just let me point out a few facts. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
OLD). The time of the gentlewoman 
has expired. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, 78 percent 
of Planned Parenthood’s patients are at or below 150 percent of the poverty level, 41 percent of low-income women consider OB/GYN their primary source of health care, which Planned Parent-hood provides, and in my own State, 14,000 women each year, many of whom are low income, do not have access to family planning services. I ask that we not pass this bill. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I would ask the gentlewoman who just spoke to read the bill. In fact, the bill increases funding for women’s health care through the community health centers by $235 million in both fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), a dis-
tinguished member of the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
don’t know why we are here this morn-ing; I guess out of desperation. After 11 hours of trying to attack the former Secretary of State, now we come this morning to continue our attack on women and again to have Republicans address the Affordable Care Act that has, in my State, put a dent in some 25,000-plus who did not have health care. 
Today we stand here with a bill that 
repeals the individual responsibility re-quirements that people must have their own health care; repeals the Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board, which focuses on making Medicare sol-
vent for our seniors; and the Preven-tion and Public Health Fund, which supports evidence-based programs de-signed to keep Americans healthy, pre-vent chronic infectious diseases, and reduce future healthcare costs. 
Two days ago I was standing out in 
front of the United States Capitol call-ing out my State, the State of Texas, that about 3 days ago declared war on Planned Parenthood to close 39 dif-ferent clinics. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Closing the clin-
ics would cut into the very essence of service to vulnerable women. It would cut into their mammogram services, their cervical cancer examinations. The Supreme Court just a year or a couple of months ago said this kind of pointed, targeted attack was unconsti-tutional. 
This bill just adds to it. Whether or 
not you add other clinics, the clinics in Texas, Planned Parenthood, have been there for years for the minorities, for young people, and others. 
Mr. Speaker, this is not a reconcili-
ation bill. This is another attack bill. We need to be able to stand for our women and women’s health care. Vote against this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in opposition of 
H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act, be-cause this bill does not restore healthcare Freedom. 
This bill is not a serious effort to address 
this nation’s budgetary needs and its details reveal that it is another opportunity for the ma-jority to hide behind a legislative gimmick in an attempt to kill the Affordable Care Act. 
This is a waste of taxpayer money and this 
body’s legislative calendar, which has too few days left for wasting any of our lime voting on bills that the President has communicated in writing that he will veto. 
This bill is bad for the Affordable Care Act 
because it: continues the majority’s relentless crusade to put barriers between women and their right to have the healthcare provider and services that they want and need; repeals indi-vidual responsibility requirements that people must have their own health insurance; repeals the Independent Payment Advisory Board, which works to keep Medicare solvent; and re-peals the Prevention and Public Health Fund, which supports evidence-based programs de-signed to keep Americans healthy, prevent chronic and infectious diseases and reduce fu-ture healthcare cost. 
The news from across the nation regarding 
the healthcare freedom and choice created by the Affordable Care Act for first time health in-surance consumers is overwhelmingly posi-tive. 
Unfortunately, today the majority has tar-
geted a women’s right to control her own healthcare by attempting to defund Planned Parenthood. 
In my state of Texas, a law that would have 
cut off access to 75 percent of reproductive healthcare clinics in the state was challenged 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.007 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7147 October 23, 2015 
before the U.S. Supreme Court in 2014 and 
2015. 
On October 2, 2014, the Supreme Court 
made unconstitutional a Texas law that re-quired that all reproductive healthcare clinics that provided the full range of services would be required to have a hospital-style surgery center building and staffing requirements. 
This requirement meant only 7 clinics would 
be allowed to continue to provide a full spec-trum of reproductive healthcare to women. 
In 2015, the State of Texas once again 
threatened women’s access to reproductive health care when it attempted to shutter all but 10 healthcare providers in the state of Texas. 
The Supreme Court once again intervened 
on the behalf of Texas women to block the move to close clinics in my state. 
New attacks on women are now being 
couched with renewed attacks against the Af-fordable Care Act, which the majority has at-tempted to overturn with over 50 votes since its enactment. 
The attacks against Planned Parenthood is 
a social and econo statement that if you are a woman with money you have the right to think for yourself regarding your healthcare choices, but if you are poor or lack healthcare options you do not have that same right. 
Millions of women now have free coverage 
for comprehensive women’s preventive med-ical services, and they rely upon Planned Par-enthood for healthcare. 
The reality is women who face difficult 
health care decisions do not do so lightly. 
Women in this nation have a right to self-de-
termination. 
It is a fundamental human right and one that 
should be cherished. 
The most important right is the ability of 
each person to determine their destiny and this right has to be freely exercised. 
Healthcare has become a fundamental right 
for our nation’s citizens with the best possible outcomes for the millions of people who had no healthcare due to pre-existing illnesses or were penalized with higher premiums for pre- existing conditions. 
A documentary produced by the Harvard 
School of Public Health reported that between 2007 and 2010, overall deaths among Massa-chusetts residents between the age of 20 to 64 declined by 2.9%. 
The decline in deaths was 4.5% for persons 
with illnesses that could be successfully treat-ed though healthcare intervention such as those who have: tuberculosis; cancer; cardiac disease; Leukemia; Diabetes; Epilepsy; High blood pressure; All respiratory illnesses; and Pregnancy and childbirth. 
Because of the Affordable Healthcare Act: 
100 million Americans no longer have a life- time limit on healthcare coverage. 17 million children with pre-existing conditions can no longer be denied coverage by insurers. 6.6 million young-adults up to age 26 can stay on their parents’ health insurance plans. 6.3 mil-lion Seniors in the ‘‘donut hole’’ have saved $6.1 billion on their prescription drugs. 3.2 mil-lion Seniors have access to free annual wellness visits under Medicare, and 360,000 Small Businesses are using the Health Care Tax Credit to help them provide health insur-ance to their workers. 
Statistics on Texas and the Affordable Care 
Act reveal that: 3.8 million Texas residents re-ceive preventative care services. 7 million Texans no longer have lifetime limits on their healthcare insurance. 300,731 young adults 
can remain on their parents’ health insurance until age 26. 5 million Texas residents can re-ceive a rebate check from their insurance company if it does not spend 80 percent of premium dollars on healthcare. 4,029 people with pre-existing conditions now have health insurance. 
This year for the first time insurance compa-
nies are banned from: discriminating against anyone with a preexisting condition; charging higher rates based on gender or health status; enforcing lifetime dollar limits; and enforcing annual-dollar limits on health benefits. 
Few people knew that health insurers 
viewed pregnancy as a pre-existing condition. 
Because of the Affordable Care Act women 
can no longer be charge higher rate just be-cause they are women. 
Attempts to weaken or end the ACA are 
wrong. 
A January 2015, Gallup poll revealed that 
nationally the uninsured rate in the United States was reduced to 12.9%. 
The uninsured rate nationally dropped 4.2% 
points since the enactment of the Affordable Care Act. 
We are becoming a nation of equals when 
it comes to access to affordable healthcare in-surance. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in defeating 
another effort to turn the clock back on wom-en’s rights and the healthcare safety-net that is assuring longer and healthier lives for mil-lions of Americans. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ), a 
wonderful, contributing member of the Committee on the Budget and a mem-ber of the Committee on Rules as well. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I am 
excited to be here today, and I am sad-dened by some of the shrillness of the conversation. This is the first rec-onciliation package that I have seen in the 4
1⁄2years that I have been elected 
to this body. 
In fact, more than half the Members 
of this institution have never seen a reconciliation bill come to the floor of this House. Why? Because Congress hasn’t functioned in a way where the House and the Senate have been able to come together to do this. That is hap-pening this year for the first time. We ought to be celebrating that. 
To hear this described as a partisan 
exercise—and I understand folks have a lot of grievances, and this may just be the day that folks are going to air all of their grievances. But to describe this as a partisan exercise misses the point that the only bipartisanship in this en-tire conversation is around trying to reject the damaging provisions of the President’s healthcare bill. 
After all, when this was jammed 
through using the reconciliation proc-ess, it was jammed through in a par-tisan fashion. The bipartisan vote was a vote ‘‘no.’’ 
When we tried to deal with the slush 
fund that was going for all sorts of pro-grams that America would reject, the bipartisan vote was the vote to abolish it, as this bill does today. The bipar-tisan vote was to delay the individual mandate, as this bill abolishes today. 
The bipartisan vote was to delay the employer mandate, as this bill does today. 
I understand that there is a lot that 
divides us in this body and in this Na-tion, but this is a day for celebration. I applaud the chairman for what he has been able to do. He has been able to do what no other chairman has been able to do in the 4
1⁄2years I have been in 
this institution, and that is bring the House and the Senate together around a budget for the United States of America. I am proud of what we have done, we have done together. 
If this has to be a day of airing of the 
grievances, let it be a day of airing of the grievances, but let it not be said that it is a partisan exercise. The bi-partisanship exists in this reconcili-ation package. I hope we come together on it today. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, with 
all respect to Mr. W
OODALL , we don’t 
celebrate legislation that takes away affordable health care to 15 million Americans, including 3 million Amer-ican children. That is not our defini-tion of bipartisanship. 
I urge all my colleagues to read the 
Congressional Budget Office report. The Congressional Budget Office is headed by someone who was chosen by our Republican colleagues, and their report tells us this legislation will take away affordable health care from 15 million Americans. That is nothing to celebrate. 
I now yield 1 minute to the gentle-
woman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), the very distinguished rank-
ing member of the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations. 
Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to this bill. It is deja vu all over again. This bill represents the ma-jority’s 61st attempt to weaken, under-mine, or repeal the Affordable Care Act, legislation that, yes, has brought health care to millions of Americans and significantly reduced prescription drug costs for seniors. 
The bill is also the latest installment 
of the majority’s crusade against wom-en’s health. It targets Planned Parent-hood again, an organization that pro-vides millions of low-income Ameri-cans with lifesaving services many families cannot get anywhere else. 
Finally, it threatens to cut nearly $13 
billion from efforts to protect people against deadly diseases: measles, lis-teria, Ebola. 
Why are we wasting time on ideolog-
ical attacks such as this? There are so many real issues to deal with. Wages are stagnant. Families are struggling to make ends meet. Stop playing games. Return to serving the American people. You should start by voting against this disgraceful bill. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, may I inquire as to the amount of time remaining on each side? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.002 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7148 October 23, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia has 461⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentleman from Mary-land has 48
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time as well. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, the understanding of the chair here was that we were going to divide the time equally between three committees at the beginning in 15- minute segments. May I inquire of the gentleman from Maryland if that plan 
has changed? 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. No. That is my 
understanding of the agreement, too. Would it be possible, Mr. Speaker, to just tell us—I guess we can do the math—how much time in the 15 min-utes remains for each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
original 15-minute agreement, the gen-tleman from Georgia has 1
1⁄2minutes 
remaining and the gentleman from Maryland has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, may 
I inquire if the gentleman has any ad-ditional speakers? 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I have one additional speaker from the Committee on the Budget. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
am waiting for one additional speaker as well. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gen-
tleman from Indiana (Mr. R OKITA ), the 
vice chairman of the Committee on the Budget. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Chairman P
RICE, as well as the entire 
Committee on the Budget, for getting us to this point, the first time in over a decade that we have been able to use the reconciliation process. 
Just like the other gentleman from 
Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) stated, what a 
difference the way we are using it now in this bipartisan fashion, in a trans-parent lie today, a long process, not the day before Christmas Eve and not in a partisan way. That was used the last time regarding a major healthcare change of policy in this country. 
I think all of us deserve to not only 
pat ourselves, quite honestly, a little bit on the back, but also take advan-tage of this moment to end the lie, the lie being, ‘‘If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.’’ That lie con-tinues today, and it has become a full- blown nightmare. 
Getting this reconciliation package 
to the President’s desk is real and a real positive step in ending govern-ment-controlled health care in this country so that patients of whatever condition in a consumer-based, con-sumer-centered fashion can use their own judgment, their own resources, along with the help of all of us, to get the health care that they need. 
b0945 
I doubt that 15 million people are ac-
tually covered better today than they were or could have been before. That 
should be our goal: to cover every American in the fashion that they de-serve, in the fashion that they choose, with the doctor that they choose. 
Mr. Chairman, I thank you for your 
leadership. I urge my colleagues to vote for this reconciliation package. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 2
1⁄2minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation, plain 
and simple, takes away affordable health care to 15 million Americans, including 3 million kids. 
I keep hearing about how intrusive 
and awful the Affordable Care Act is. The reality is the majority of Members gathered right here in this Chamber are on the Affordable Care Act. The government is not dictating to them their health insurance. They are on it. 
All they are trying to do here, Mr. 
Speaker, is take away access to afford-able health care for 15 million Ameri-cans who would not otherwise get af-fordable health care and, in the proc-ess, take away funding for women’s health programs, targeting Planned Parenthood as part of a political witch hunt, the same kind of witch hunt we saw just yesterday in the Benghazi spe-cial committee hearing, where, the ma-jority leader of this House told the public, it was simply about bringing down Secretary Clinton’s poll numbers. 
It is no wonder, Mr. Speaker, that it 
has been so difficult for our Republican colleagues to find a replacement for the Speaker. You have got a faction of this House that wants no compromise, that thinks it is a celebration to get 
rid of health care, affordable health care for 15 million Americans. That is nothing to celebrate, and this is a ter-rible way to end an already unproduc-tive week here in the House of Rep-resentatives. 
So I urge my colleagues to vote 
against this legislation. It is not going anywhere because the President of the United States is not going to sign a bill that deprives 15 million Americans of access to affordable health care that they didn’t have before. 
So let’s stop the games. We have got 
to deal with the debt ceiling. We have got to deal with a way where we actu-ally pay all our bills, not just some of the bills, and when we decide which ones to pay, we don’t say we are going to pay China first. We have got to make sure we come together to prevent a government shutdown. Instead, for the 61st time, this House is voting to take away health care from the Amer-ican public. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to vote against this legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ), 
the chairman of the Health Sub-committee of the Ways and Means Committee, be allowed to control 15 minutes, as my designee. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation, led by 
Budget Chairman Dr. T
OMPRICE, dis-
mantles the twin pillars of the con-troversial and unpopular Affordable Care Act, repeals Democrat tax in-creases that force American jobs over-seas, and punishes American workers who have good healthcare insurance. It empties a multibillion-dollar slush fund and ends taxpayer funding of the gruesome practices at Planned Parent-hood and its affiliates. 
As a result, this bill lowers taxes, 
lowers spending, and lowers the deficit. It grows the economy, encourages work, and increases incentives to in-vest; and it also invests in community healthcare centers to ensure access to true, high-quality health care, espe-cially for women. 
By repealing the two critical Federal 
mandates that force American families to buy government-approved health care they don’t need and that force local businesses to offer health care their workers can’t afford, this bill dis-mantles the foundation of the Presi-dent’s healthcare law. It frees millions of Americans from an unpopular law that harms patients, harms families, and harms businesses, local doctors, and community health providers. 
Unlike the repeal of the Affordable 
Care Act, which the House approved 9 months ago and still lingers in the Sen-ate, this measure uses the traditional budget process to allow the Senate to pass the bill with a simple majority and send it to the President’s desk. 
The opportunity to put this bill on 
the President’s desk is because Con-gress is doing its job. We passed a budg-et that balanced; that put our entitle-ment programs on a strong, sustain-able path; and that afforded three House committees, including the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, on which I serve, the opportunity to craft legisla-tion to reduce the deficit and advance important policy goals. 
This process, called budget reconcili-
ation, is a critical tool. It is not a sil-ver bullet. It is not a cure-all, but it is a gridlock-busting practice I hope we can continue. 
In accordance with the budget, the 
provisions crafted by the Committee on Ways and Means targets the foundational pieces of the President’s healthcare law, including repealing tax hikes totaling over $100 billion that slow our economy. 
Mr. Speaker, the President may very 
well veto this bill, locking millions of 
Americans into a healthcare law they don’t want and giving taxpayer dollars to controversial and unethical prac-tices at Planned Parenthood; but if he does, he will have to explain to the American people his support of all this, including tax increases and mandates in the name of a law that has increased healthcare costs, raided Medicare, and forced millions onto an already broken Medicaid system. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.008 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7149 October 23, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I want to hear those an-
swers from the President, and the American public wants to hear those answers. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
don’t have time to respond to all of the misstatements that were made, but now I am going to turn it over to the ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) be allowed to control the 
next 15 minutes of debate time as my designee. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Maryland? 
There was no objection. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. 
V
ANHOLLEN . 
Well, where do we start? Clearly, there is a feeling this is 
more than an anticlimax. You know, we should have a debt ceiling bill be-fore us. Why don’t we have that? 
We haven’t acted on Medicare part B 
premiums. They are right before us. In-stead, we are doing this. 
The highway trust fund faces a dead-
line. Where is it? Where is our legisla-tion? 
Tax extenders actually expired much, 
much earlier. Where is the legislation? 
So, instead, because the Republican 
Conference is essentially mostly fight-ing itself, this institution is handcuffed on these issues. So the decision is pass a reconciliation bill and get a bill to the President to veto because, so far, 60 or 61 efforts have never been able to get to the President for a veto. 
Well, I think this is a waste of time 
when there are other issues, because the President has also said he will veto. 
So what is this really all about? I think this is all a prelude, as was 
the so-called prioritization bill yester-day and, I think, also the Benghazi hearing yesterday, so-called hearing, this is all an effort to try to lay a foun-dation so that next week we will take up a debt ceiling bill, and it will pass with a majority of Democrats and some Republicans, some of whom maybe are made to feel better because we are going through the motions here today. 
I just want to conclude talking about 
going through the motions. All of the pious talk on the Republican side about healthcare reform, those of us now on the Ways and Means Com-mittee who will be speaking, we go to meeting after meeting, if they are called, where there is talk about healthcare reform, and the Republicans have never brought up a comprehensive healthcare reform that could be voted on in the committee, where they have a majority. 
So, essentially, what we are now fac-
ing is the dangerous bankruptcy of the majority party in this House of Rep-resentatives who now decides, let’s do reconciliation so we can get a bill through the Senate and have the Presi-dent veto it. By the way, because of the Planned 
Parenthood provision that would defund care for millions of Americans and for other reasons, it isn’t even clear this will get through the Senate. 
So where is the action on all these 
issues? Where is it? 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ), one of our 
key healthcare leaders on the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
I just want to speak to a provision in 
the legislation that repeals the very harmful medical device tax. 
Mr. Speaker and Members, this will 
be the fifth time that the House has ex-pressed its strong support for getting rid of this harmful and illogical tax. The last time was just this past June, when the House voted to repeal this tax by essentially a veto-proof margin, and that is because we had Republicans and Democrats voting together to re-peal this very bad tax policy. 
That is because, also, everyone 
knows basic economics. When you tax something, you are going to get less of it. 
So why are we adding new taxes to 
lifesaving medical innovation? 
Why are we adding new taxes to an 
industry that is 98 percent small busi-nesses with less than 500 employees? 
Why are we adding new taxes to an 
industry that has good, high-paying jobs for wage earners? 
And why we adding new taxes to an 
industry that has a trade surplus? We should be promoting this industry as much as possible. 
ObamaCare’s medical device tax 
makes zero sense. That is because it is not a tax on profit; it is a tax on the revenue, on the sales of these innova-tive companies. So now some small businesses have over a 70 percent effec-tive tax rate. It is a tax that is costing us jobs. It is a tax that is stifling inno-vation. It is harming patients, and it is hurting our healthcare system. 
Mr. Speaker, we need to repeal this 
destructive tax to help protect our sen-iors, to help protect American innova-tion, and to help protect American manufacturing. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Se-attle, Washington (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ), 
the ranking member on our Health Subcommittee. 
(Mr. M
CDERMOTT asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, here 
we are again. I include in the R ECORD  
an article from the Seattle Times enti-tled ‘‘Why Washington State’s Health Reform Faltered After the Loss of Mandates.’’ 
[From The Seattle Times, March 28, 2012] 
WHYWASHINGTON STATE ’SHEALTH REFORM  
FALTERED AFTER LOSS OF MANDATES  
(By Carol M. Ostrom) 
As the U.S. Supreme Court tackles the 
question of whether individuals can be re-quired to buy health insurance—a key provi-
sion in the federal health-care overhaul— some in Washington state are battling a strong sense of de ´ja`vu mixed with dread. 
They remember 1993, when state law-
makers passed a comprehensive state law aimed at insuring everyone and spreading the health-care expenses of the sickest throughout a large pool of policyholders. 
But the law, which relied on both man-
dates and incentives, was soon dismembered, leaving only popular provisions, such as pro-hibiting insurers from denying coverage to sick people or making them wait many months for coverage. 
Without any leverage to bring healthy peo-
ple onto insurance rolls, insurers, left with the priciest patients, began a financial death spiral. 
Ultimately, companies pulled out of the in-
dividual market and almost no one in Wash-ington could buy an individual policy for any price. 
For those involved, the lessons learned re-
main sharp as a scalpel. 
‘‘It’s the same thing we’re very likely to 
face if the Supreme Court blows a hole in the current law,’’ warns Randy Revelle, a former King County executive who was heavily in-volved in the state effort nearly two decades ago. 
Unlike the debate going on in the high 
court, the lessons here don’t involve con-stitutional questions. They’re all about the realities of the health-insurance market and politics. 
At the top of the list: Lesson 1: Good intentions, no matter how 
popular, can backfire—big time. 
1esson 2: A machine doesn’t work so well if 
you remove parts. 
Lesson 3: Buy-in from both political par-
ties and strong public support are needed to maintain enough momentum to sustain com-plex reforms through potential changes in administration. 
THE’94‘‘DEATH SPIRAL ’’ 
In an amicus brief in the Supreme Court 
case, Gov. Chris Gregoire and other gov-ernors referred to the ‘‘death spiral’’ in Washington’s individual-insurance market that began in 1994. 
The 1993 law, passed when Democrats con-
trolled both houses and the governor’s seat, was then the most ambitious overhaul effort in the nation. 
The delicate balancing act ended when Re-
publicans, who objected to what they saw as heavy-handed government control of the health industry, swept into power in both houses. 
By the time the new Legislature finished, 
the only parts of the law that survived were the ‘‘consumer-friendly’’ pieces, championed by then-Insurance Commissioner Deborah Senn, a Democrat. 
‘‘We kept some of the insurance reforms in 
law, because they were very popular, but we didn’t keep the market reforms,’’ says Pam MacEwan, who was a member of the Health Services Commission charged with imple-menting the law and is now a Group Health Cooperative executive. ‘‘It was a big prob-lem.’’ 
That’s primarily because there was noth-
ing left in the law to push or entice people to buy insurance when they were healthy, which would have spread costs more broadly. 
What happened next is starkly summarized 
in a 1995 letter sent to Premera Blue Cross by a woman in Eastern Washington. 
A few months before she gave birth that 
year, the woman bought an individual policy from Premera. As soon as the insurer paid her hospital expenses, the woman canceled the policy, telling Premera ‘‘we will do busi-ness with you again when we are pregnant.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.009 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7150 October 23, 2015 
True to her word, in 1996, she bought insur-
ance, Premera said, once again canceling after the insurer paid for the delivery of her next child. 
Altogether, she paid in $1,807 in premiums. 
Premera paid out $7,024.68 in medical bills. 
You don’t have to be a business genius to 
recognize the problem with those numbers when multiplied by thousands of customers. 
Claims went up. Premiums rose. Pretty 
soon only sick people thought insurance was worth the cost. Premiums rose even more. 
Healthy people, like the Eastern Wash-
ington woman, waited until they needed in-surance to buy it. At the time, Gov. Gary Locke likened it to buying fire insurance after your house is on fire. 
STATE BREAKS THE LOGJAM  
Before deciding in 1998 not to sell any more 
individual policies in the state, Premera lost $120 million in today’s dollars, says company spokesman Eric Earling. By mid–1999, the state’s other two big insurers, Regence BlueShield and Group Health, stopped selling individual policies. 
In 1999, with the individual health-insur-
ance market essentially dead, Locke began crafting a compromise. Signed into law in the spring of 2000, it was a bitter pill for some, but it got the market back into ac-tion. 
In exchange for coming back into the mar-
ket, insurers could charge whatever they wanted, bypassing the rate review normally done by the insurance commissioner’s office. They could also force patients to wait nine months to be covered, and exclude the most expensive patients. 
To deal with those patients, the state re-
vived its high-risk pool. Insurers, who would help subsidize the pool, would be allowed to reject 8 percent of applicants, who could then buy coverage through the pool—if they could afford it. 
At the time, Sen. Alex Deccio, a Repub-
lican from Yakima, summed it up neatly: ‘‘We are in a private-enterprise system.’’ 
‘‘
HAVE ’’ VS. ‘‘HAVE -NOT’’ 
Washington’s insurance experience, some 
worry, could be repeated on a much larger scale, should the Supreme Court find the mandate unconstitutional. 
Insurers, in an amicus brief to the court, 
argue that if the mandate is removed they should be allowed to exclude people and set prices based on health—now barred in the federal plan. 
Others argue that the mandate, with its 
relatively weak financial penalty for those who don’t buy insurance, isn’t necessary for the federal health overhaul to proceed. 
They calculate that many young, low-in-
come uninsured would buy policies without a mandate, since the federal overhaul dangles attractively low premiums for the young and subsidizes those with low incomes. 
State Sen. Karen Keiser, D-Kent, who 
chairs the Senate’s health-care committee and a group of lawmakers exploring alter-natives, says if the federal mandate is over-turned, each state would be left to choose op-tions ranging from doing nothing to legis-lating ways to bring as many people as pos-sible into a health-insurance pool. 
‘‘Of course, that would mean that our 
country would be made of ‘have’ states and ‘have-not’ states, making the health dispari-ties even worse, which is pretty awful,’’ Keiser said in an email. 
Washington Insurance Commissioner Mike 
Kreidler says 85 percent of state residents, who now have group coverage, wouldn’t be directly affected by the federal mandate. 
But, he adds, the typical Washington fam-
ily’s yearly insurance bill includes about $1,000 to cover costs for the uninsured, which his office calculates have reached about $1 billion a year in the state. The state hospital 
association says charges for charity care and bad debt by patients may amount to as much as $2 billion. 
Kreidler’s office has estimated that under 
the federal plan, the vast majority of the ap-proximately 1 million uninsured would qual-ify for Medicaid or subsidies. 
Revelle, now policy leader for the Wash-
ington State Hospital Association, says the state’s struggle to improve health coverage was illuminating. 
‘‘A fundamental lesson we learned in the 
process—and that unfortunately was not learned in the federal process—is that health care is so big, so complex, so passionate, that it has got to have bipartisan support,’’ Revelle said. 
It also needs widespread public support to 
last through the years it takes to impose changes on an entrenched industry. 
And that’s difficult, he says, not only be-
cause of health care’s complexity, but be-cause people do not agree on fundamental values. 
‘‘It’s very hard to look out five or 10 
years,’’ Revelle says. ‘‘But we should con-stantly be thinking: Where do we need to be five to 10 years from now?’’ 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. What we are doing 
out here today has already been done in one of the laboratories of democ-racy, the State of Washington. The Re-publicans did exactly the same thing. They repealed the mandates, and the individual insurance market died. 
It was impossible to buy a policy in 
the State of Washington because the insurance companies said: Why should we insure somebody under guaranteed mandate when they could walk in here whenever they are sick and get a policy and when they are healthy cancel it, then walk back in when they are sick again and get a policy? That is what you are setting up. 
If you were serious about this, you 
would wipe out ObamaCare totally. You would wipe out the individual mandate. But you know that would be death to you politically, so you wipe out these mandates which you think are good. 
Now, we know you don’t care about 
the people. I mean, that is pretty clear. But what you are saying is you don’t even care about the insurance indus-try. 
This bill will die in the Senate be-
cause the insurance industry will say: If this passes, we won’t be able to sell individual policies. 
You are wasting our time on an issue 
that has already been demonstrated does not work in the real world, and yet the ideologues in the back of the boat over there in the Republican Cau-cus had the idea that if you hit it with a bigger hammer, reconciliation—I mean, it is not enough to just pass a bill out of here. You are going to use reconciliation, which is a sledge-hammer in the House, and that will make it pass. 
b1000 
Folks, this bill is dead on arrival in 
the Senate and is certainly dead on ar-rival in the White House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), one of our 
strongest voices for patients and local businesses. 
Mr. ROSKAM. I thank Chairman 
B
RADY , and I thank Chairman P RICE for 
bringing this to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a great oppor-
tunity to get some awful things off the back of the American public. 
We heard the gentleman from Wash-
ington admonishing the House, but I invite the House. I don’t look at this as an admonition. This is an invitation. 
Look, we can get rid of the individual 
and the employer mandates; the med-ical device tax; the Cadillac tax; the prevention and fraud health fund, which is a slush fund for the Obama team; auto enrollment; and we can get Planned Parenthood squared away. 
What is not to love about that? It is 
a great opportunity all the way around. I think we should invite the American public and we should invite clear-thinking Democrats to do the same thing. 
There is another opportunity as well. 
I want to draw my colleagues’ atten-tion to a piece of legislation that over 100 Republicans have cosponsored, the Special Inspector General for Moni-toring the Affordable Care Act, that is, SIGMA, H.R. 2400. 
One of the criticisms that we have 
heard is that there is no individual in-spector general that can look over the whole broad spectrum of ObamaCare. What we need to do is to get one entity that can look at the same thing, that can look at it all in its entirety. 
This worked as it relates to Afghani-
stan reconstruction. It worked on Iraq reconstruction. It worked on the Trou-bled Asset Relief Program. It is an op-portunity for us to have a holistic re-view of all of these things and save bil-lions of taxpayer dollars. 
I commend Chairman P
RICE and his 
work and would appreciate very much an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this reconciliation ef-fort. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from the great State of California (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON). 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
this piece of legislation and strong op-position to the fact that we are back here again rehashing the same old issues that aren’t going anyplace. It has been pointed out they are probably not even going to be taken up in the Senate; and, if by some chance they were, they are certainly not going to be signed into law by the President. 
We are not going anywhere if we keep 
wasting the time, as we have been wasting the time trying to repeal ObamaCare and defund Planned Par-enthood. It is a terrible situation be-cause we have some real important things that we need to do. 
Next year a third of our Nation’s 
Medicare beneficiaries—that is people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.003 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7151 October 23, 2015 
in every one of our congressional dis-
tricts—will face the steepest premium hikes in the history of the program if this Congress doesn’t act. 
We have got a transportation bill 
that has been long due to be passed. We keep kicking the can down the road, and it is a very bumpy road because we don’t pass a transportation bill. 
If we pass that bill, we put people to 
work. About 14 million jobs hinge on the passage of a long-term transpor-tation bill. This is for improving roads and highways, making our overpasses and our businesses safe. 
Fourteen million jobs will help the 
economy; but, instead, we are dillydallying on the floor today with this piece of go-nowhere legislation. 
It is long past time that we put the 
American people ahead of the political gamesmanship and address the real issues facing our Nation. 
Majority party, let’s get to work. 
Let’s fix the issues that are hurting the American people and stop doing this partisan nonsense. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. G
UINTA ), the 
former mayor of Manchester, New Hampshire, who understands how badly this bill has hurt his family and com-munity. 
Mr. GUINTA. I thank Chairman 
B
RADY and Chairman P RICE very much 
for putting this piece of legislation to-gether. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support today 
of H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act, which includes the repeal of com-ponents of the most harmful provisions of ObamaCare and, at the same time, sharing bipartisan support for each component of this legislation, bipar-tisan support. 
I have worked hard with Members 
across the aisle on provisions that have been hurting families in Manchester, Portsmouth, Conway, and all parts of New Hampshire to ensure their voices are heard. 
One of the important provisions in 
this bill is the full repeal of ObamaCare’s 40 percent tax on healthcare benefits, commonly referred to as the Cadillac tax. While this tax is set to take effect in 2018, employers of all sizes are already restructuring plans and cutting benefits to avoid the costly tax. 
This excise tax will impact an esti-
mated 12 million middle-class Ameri-cans who will pay an additional $1,000 annually as a result of this tax. They work for big businesses, small busi-nesses, nonprofits, colleges, small mu-nicipalities. They need help. They need our support. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. GUINTA. As I introduced the re-
peal of the Cadillac tax in its entirety, I am pleased to see that repeal lan-guage included in the bill we are debat-
ing today. 
On top of all the burdens ObamaCare 
has already placed on hardworking Americans and all the rules and regula-tions American businesses are faced with, this tax will just make it that much more difficult for employers to provide affordable healthcare benefits to their employees. 
So I urge my colleagues, please join 
the bipartisan fight to support middle- class families and support the repeal of this tax. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ), a very vigorous 
member of our committee. 
Mr. PASCRELL. I thank the ranking 
member. 
Mr. Speaker, I have heard now twice 
this morning the term ‘‘bipartisan.’’ 
Many of my brothers and sisters on 
the other side wouldn’t know bipar-tisan if it hit them in the head. I mean, to just throw this term out there like, you know, if you have one or two on this side of the aisle, it is bipartisan, technically, you are absolutely right. 
We should be crafting a long-term 
funding measure, Mr. Speaker, and re-placing the damaging sequester cuts that have hurt our economy. And we are both responsible, both sides of the aisle, for that sequester. I don’t point any fingers. 
We have also got to raise the debt 
ceiling. I mean, we talk about our budgets at home. Why don’t we do the same thing in the Federal Govern-ment? I always thought, when I grew up, pay your bills. Pay your bills. That is as important as balancing the budget at home. 
This bill leaves intact automatic 
budget cuts which have threatened hundreds of thousands of jobs and cut vital services for children, for seniors, for people with mental illness, and our men and women in uniform. These harmful cuts have cut funding for thousands of first responders in our communities. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. PASCRELL. They have cut vital 
services for children. They have cut funding for our first responders. They have eliminated jobs for 30,000 teach-ers—30,000. They have cut afterschool programs for nearly 1.2 million kids and eliminated more than 40 million meals for sick and homebound seniors. This is bipartisan. 
We should be replacing these harmful 
cuts and supporting vital services in our communities. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Instead, we are here 
talking about holding government funding hostage in exchange for deci-mating the Affordable Care Act. Enough is enough. 
Remember when the guy threw the 
window up in that movie ‘‘Network’’? 
We are not going to take it anymore. The Republican budget would result 
in 16 million fewer Americans having health insurance and a 20 percent in-crease in insurance premiums. A vote for this bill is a vote against those 16 million Americans. A vote for this bill is a vote for higher premiums. 
On top of that, this budget doesn’t 
even balance. After 2025, deficits under this budget would begin to skyrocket. It is not a balanced budget. This is a 
fake. 
Why don’t we sit down and come up 
with a mutual plan instead of ‘‘a bipar-tisan fraud’’? 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Kentucky (Mr. B ARR), who knows 
the failures of the Affordable Care Act in his State. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-onciliation Act. 
Too many Americans across the 
country are victims of ObamaCare’s many broken promises. We all remem-ber the chaos that ensued when the law was first rolled out, a billion-dollar Web site that didn’t work, millions of Americans losing their insurance and being forced to find a new plan often at a higher cost. 
Now hundreds of thousands of Ameri-
cans, including at least 51,000 Kentuck-ians, are once again losing their health insurance because of the failure of ObamaCare healthcare cooperatives. 
In his State of the Union Address, 
President Obama cited Kentucky as an example of ObamaCare working in a red State. But as we learned last week, ObamaCare does not work in Ken-tucky. 
In the past 2 weeks, ObamaCare co- 
ops have failed in my home State of Kentucky, Tennessee, Colorado, Or-egon, and South Carolina. Co-ops have failed in Nevada, Iowa, Nebraska, New York, and Louisiana. 
These failures were entirely predict-
able because the model was not sus-tainable. The Kentucky co-op lost nearly 60 cents for every premium dol-lar it collected. Now hardworking tax-payers will be stuck with the bill for hundreds of millions of dollars that will never be paid back. 
Combined with low enrollment num-
bers, the result of these failures will ul-timately be borne by the American people, more consolidation in the healthcare market, fewer choices for consumers, and higher healthcare costs for the American people. This is not the reform we were promised. 
The bill we are debating today would 
repeal the most harmful mandates and taxes imposed by the law. It reduces the deficit by $130 billion, and it gives us an opportunity to put a bill on the President’s desk that would make life easier for the American people. 
I encourage all my colleagues to join 
me in supporting this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.012 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7152 October 23, 2015 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, how much 
time of our 15 minutes remains? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan has 5 minutes remaining. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ). 
Mr. CROWLEY. I thank the gen-
tleman from Michigan for yielding me the time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
this latest attempt to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act and the benefits it has brought to millions of Americans. 
While this is the 61st vote this House 
has taken to undermine health care, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle claim that somehow this time is different. That is because this is dressed up in a process called reconcili-ation. 
But this isn’t reconciliation. This is 
procrastination. This is a desperate at-tempt to avoid working on the real issues facing America today. 
I get it. Governing is hard. It is dif-
ficult. But that is not an excuse for giving up on your responsibilities and, instead, pursuing yet another repeal bill. But that is their plan, their only agenda, for America. 
The country is days away from de-
faulting on our debt? Time to repeal the Affordable Care Act. 
Roads and bridges are falling apart? 
Maybe repealing the Affordable Care Act will help us. 
Seniors on Medicare are about to see 
their premiums skyrocket? Forget fix-ing the problem. Let’s repeal the Af-fordable Care Act. 
b1015 
They must think it is a better strat-
egy than the previous 60 votes if they wrap it up with a bow and slap a fancy name on it. Actually, it is odd they call this reconciliation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the 
gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Republicans aren’t 
reconciling with us to work in a bipar-tisan way. They are not reconciling themselves to the fact that the Afford-able Care Act is the law of the land and that it is helping people access quality, affordable healthcare insurance; and they are certainly not fooling anyone with what their true intentions are. They are not. Frankly, the only thing they are doing is wasting time. I have had enough, and I know the American people have had enough, too. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ), a Mem-
ber of Congress who is a healthcare provider herself, a nurse, and a key leader of the Health Care Sub-committee. 
Mrs. BLACK. I thank the chairman 
and also Chairman P
RICE for bringing 
this bill to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong 
support of today’s budget reconcili-ation to address the heinous abuses of 
life at Planned Parenthood. To date, we have seen 10 undercover videos im-plicating the abortion giant in the traf-ficking of unborn babies’ tissue and or-gans. 
Planned Parenthood and their 
enablers could not defend the conversa-tions on these tapes—which many here in Washington still have not watched— so they tried to discredit the source. The House minority leader even said: ‘‘I don’t stipulate that these videos are real.’’ 
Well, Mr. Speaker, that is my col-
league’s prerogative, but the facts—and specifically this forensic report—say differently. Since these revelations were uncovered, the House has voted twice now to cut Federal funding to Planned Parenthood and reallocate those dollars to other providers that better serve women and families. But Senate Democrats repeatedly blocked these solutions. In fact, only two Sen-ators from the minority party could muster the compassion to vote for this proposal. 
I refuse to let the callousness and ob-
structionism of a select few stop this worthwhile effort. That is why I am voting today for the reconciliation bill to freeze Medicaid funding to Planned Parenthood. This is our best oppor-tunity, to date, to put a bill on the President’s desk and show the Amer-ican people where his priorities lie. 
Mr. Speaker, we face many chal-
lenges in Washington today, but noth-ing—nothing—could be more important than how we treat an innocent human life. This is a fight worth having, and it is a fight I will continue to have until the very end. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the budget reconciliation bill. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
EE), who is a distinguished 
member of the Budget and Appropria-tions Committees. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank 
our ranking member for yielding and for his tremendous leadership on so many issues. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
H.R. 3762, the so-called Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-onciliation Act. This bill would attack women’s health and the Affordable Care Act once again. This bill would defund Planned Parenthood for 1 year, leaving millions of women across the country without access to critical healthcare services. It would also pre-vent individuals or organizations that provide comprehensive reproductive healthcare services from treating women enrolled in Medicaid, stripping women of their fundamental right to choose their own healthcare provider, and leaving thousands of women out in the cold. 
Now, let’s be clear. Family planning 
services are critical to reducing unin-tended pregnancies, and they make economic sense also. For every $1 spent on family planning services, we save more than $7 in other costs. Mr. Speaker, denying access to 
healthcare providers such as Planned Parenthood and other safety net pro-viders will hurt women who need these services the most: low-income women and women of color. It is past time to stop these ideological attacks on wom-en’s right to health care. Instead of continuing with these callous attacks and cuts, we should work to replace the damaging sequester and get a respon-sible, long-term budget deal. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill reconciles 
nothing. It is divisive, it is misguided, and it is dangerous. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ). He is the ma-
jority whip of the U.S. House and a strong leader against the Affordable Care Act and for defunding Planned Parenthood. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Texas for yielding. 
I want to thank my colleague, the 
gentleman from Georgia, for his leader-ship on bringing this reconciliation bill to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, as we have fought for 
years to defeat the President’s healthcare law and the many destruc-tive components to that law that are playing out all across the country, we have got one more opportunity, Mr. Speaker, to send a bill to the Presi-dent—but this time, not just to send a bill to the Senate that actually goes after and guts the President’s healthcare law, but also a bill that now, with 51 votes in the Senate, will have the opportunity to get to the President’s desk. 
The bill not only repeals the em-
ployer mandate, but it repeals the indi-vidual mandate, laws that are crushing jobs across the country and killing middle class jobs. The biggest reason, when you talk to small-business own-ers, why they can’t hire more people and why they are forced by this law to lower the number of working hours of people across the country down below 30 hours is because of these mandates in the law that are crushing American jobs. 
Why not put that bill on the Presi-
dent’s desk? Why not also tell these people who are taking taxpayer money and providing abortion services that you can’t do it anymore? If you want to provide women’s health care, there is funding for you, but you can’t use taxpayer money to provide abortions. That is in this bill to get to the Presi-dent’s desk. 
Even more than that, it goes further, 
and we start cutting taxes that are killing jobs in this bill. The medical device tax is shipping jobs to foreign countries. Let’s cut those taxes. If the Senate wants to go further under their arcane rules, they will have that oppor-tunity, and we would support those changes as well. 
Ultimately, Mr. Speaker, let’s get 
this bill to the President’s desk and let him make a decision. Is he going to fi-nally stand up for American workers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.013 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7153 October 23, 2015 
and sign this bill, or is he going to con-
tinue to support a law that is destroy-ing jobs and destroying health care in this country? That ought to be the President’s burden. We ought to send that bill to the President. This is the first step, and it is a critical step to re-storing jobs and good health care across this country. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s pass this bill, send 
it over to the Senate, and let them do their work. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, how much 
time of the 15 minutes remains on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan has 1
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
ANGEL ), a gentleman who 
has served this committee and this country so well. 
(Mr. RANGEL asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I think 
this bill before us shows what is wrong with the Congress. I don’t challenge the corrections that people on the Re-publican side would want to make in providing health care for our Nation. It is a problem when none of them actu-ally voted for the bill, but that could have been because we didn’t give them access and opportunity. 
It would seem to me, especially when 
we are trying to find out someone who will become Speaker of the House, that, if you have objections to a bill that provides health services for Amer-icans, we would try to find out, before we ask for a veto, what we can do to help. 
There cannot be any Republican here 
that truly believes that we should eliminate preventive health care. Pre-ventive health care is not only humane and the right thing to do, but it saves us a lot of money. We have an advisory board that determines the amount of time that should be spent based on sta-tistics. Yes, these are life-or-death questions, but it is also saving money as well as saving lives. 
There are so many objections that 
you may have as to how we use the tax system to encourage people and to mandate that people pay into the sys-tem. Most of you know, if people can have insurance and not pay for it, then everyone would want it. 
This is insurance. Yes, healthy peo-
ple have to participate because young-er people don’t believe that they ever get sick. So don’t just say that you want to make certain that the Presi-dent vetoes this for political purposes so you can go back home and say, yes, one more shot against the President, one more shot against the Congress, and in some cases one more shot against your own party. Let’s, for God’s sake, try to work together to try to get something positive done. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ), a physician 
and one of the distinguished leaders on health care, to close on behalf of the American people. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. I thank the Speak-
er, and I thank my friend from Texas for yielding time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this 
reconciliation package because it hits right at the financing of ObamaCare. As a physician, I know what the im-pact of this health law has done. It is devastating and causing serious disrup-tions in access to care, quality of care, and, really, eroding the doctor-patient relationship. 
Secondly, it puts a halt to the fund-
ing of Planned Parenthood. We all know, based on those videos and other information we have had, the practices of Planned Parenthood. It is time to stop it. As a pro-life physician, it is 
time to stop it. 
Finally, this forces the President to 
explain the support of these horrible, failed policies. 
Conservatives across the spectrum 
are standing strong in support of this package, and that is because it con-tains important provisions like one that I authored repealing the employer mandate, which is hurting job creation in this country. It is an onerous provi-sion, and it is choking small business growth. 
I only wish we could have done more 
in this package, but we are limited by the Senate rules and the Senate Parlia-mentarian. I would have liked full re-peal of ObamaCare. I would have liked to have seen the inclusion of my bill repealing the health insurance tax, which has been very costly, running up premium costs. We couldn’t do that be-cause of constraints. 
We will continue to fight these 
fights, but let’s pass this package. It is really important. It will get job cre-ation going, and it will help roll back the onerous effects of ObamaCare. 
If signed into law, there is no ques-
tion in my mind that this reconcili-ation package will cause an implosion of ObamaCare and force us to get to real healthcare reform based on high quality and a high-quality doctor-pa-tient relationship built on trust. 
At the very least, we will accomplish 
putting this on the President’s desk and have him account for his failed policies. He will have to account for the policies that are killing jobs, add-ing mountains of debt to this country, and continuing a legacy of failed pol-icy. 
Mr. Speaker, support this package. It 
is a very important step. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) be al-
lowed to control the next 15 minutes of debate time as the designee of the ranking member. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. 
U
PTON ), the chairman of the Energy 
and Commerce Committee, may con-trol 15 minutes as my designee. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support 
of this important bill, H.R. 3762, which addresses some of the most pressing and important issues certainly to folks in Michigan and around the country: the deficit and the President’s healthcare law. 
Rarely a day goes by when I am back 
home in Michigan that someone some-where doesn’t stop me and say, wheth-er it be in a coffee shop, on a plant floor, or the local service club like a Rotary or a Lion’s Club, you name it, asking what we are doing to address the broken promises, the high cost, and the surprises and the lack of choices associated with ObamaCare, and what are we doing to get spending under con-trol. 
There is a lot of misunderstanding on 
what this bill does or does not do, so let’s set the record straight. This bill would repeal the most harmful, dam-aging, and unpopular provisions of the health law. 
This bill would repeal the Prevention 
and Public Health Fund. Don’t let the name fool you. The administration views it as a veritable petty cash fund that has been raided for wasteful projects, including building support for ObamaCare. 
This bill would, for a period of 1 year, 
prohibit any Federal funding to States for a 1-year period for prohibited enti-ties like Planned Parenthood. At the same time, the bill would increase funding for community health centers like the Family Health Center in Kala-mazoo or InterCare in Benton Harbor, two cities in my district, to help pro-vide access to women’s health care. Stalwarts in the life movement, includ-ing the National Right to Life, the Family Research Council, and Susan B. Anthony List support that approach. 
Mr. Speaker, the bill would repeal 
the unpopular individual mandate, which forces Americans to purchase coverage of the government’s choosing, the exact opposite approach that we need to create a patient-centered healthcare system. 
The bill would also repeal the em-
ployer mandate. Repealing this provi-sion helps encourage economic growth and improve the job outlook. 
The bill would also, as we know, re-
peal the medical device tax. This job- killing tax has hurt Americans across the country, including in my district, certainly, Kalamazoo, where folks have lost their jobs because of the harmful tax. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, the CBO has 
found this bill would reduce the deficit by nearly $130 billion over the next 10 years, spur economic growth and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.014 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7154 October 23, 2015 
creation of jobs, and cut taxes on lit-
erally millions of Americans. 
b1030 
Today we say to folks in Michigan 
and around the country: We hear you. Yes, we do. We are addressing what matters to you most. 
I would ask my colleagues to support 
this important bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I have the utmost re-
spect for the chairman of our Energy and Commerce Committee, but I have to respectfully disagree with almost everything he said. 
I am glad that he is admitting that, 
basically, what this reconciliation tries to do is repeal the Affordable Care Act. There was some question about that by my colleagues until now. But, clearly, they are admitting that that is what they are trying to do. 
Of course, they don’t say anything 
about the positive impact of the Af-fordable Care Act and how many more people now have health insurance, how many people don’t face discrimination, all the terrible things that existed be-fore the Affordable Care Act became law. 
What I do not appreciate, though, is 
my chairman saying that somehow we are trying to expand access to health care by providing more funds to com-munity health centers. The fact of the matter is that the community health centers cannot make up for the work on women’s health that Planned Par-enthood centers take care of. To sug-gest that somehow that is going to make up for what Planned Parenthood does is simply not the case. 
Mr. Speaker, this reconciliation leg-
islation amounts to the futile 61st at-tempt at repealing the Affordable Care Act. It also represents the Republican’s continued assault on women’s right. 
The reconciliation instructions 
defund Planned Parenthood, and the recently enacted legislation forming a new select subcommittee will continue a fraudulent investigation into Planned Parenthood, and I think that is appalling. This investigation and this effort in reconciliation are nothing more than a radical assault on wom-en’s health. 
Extremist Republicans want to take 
away a woman’s right to choose what is best for her and her family as well as her right to choose the healthcare pro-vider that best meets her healthcare needs. This isn’t just an attack on Planned Parenthood. This is an attack on all women across the country. 
I am also disappointed that the rec-
onciliation instructions would repeal the Prevention and Public Health Fund, which is part of the Affordable Care Act. There is nothing more impor-tant than the Prevention Fund. My colleague, the chairman of our com-mittee, suggested it was a slush fund. Nothing could be further from the truth. Less than 4 months ago the House 
voted overwhelmingly to support the 21st Century Cures Act, which was one of my chairman’s goals, was to pass that bill. With that vote, we all agreed on the importance of making invest-ments to spur innovation to develop new treatment and cures, investments that could reduce the human toll of disease and reduce the financial strain that disease places on public and pri-vate healthcare payers. 
Just like we know that investments 
in developing new cures and treat-ments matter, we know that invest-ments and prevention pay off. Accord-ing to the Trust for America’s Health, every dollar spent on community-based interventions generates a return of $5.60. 
Not only does investing in prevention 
have economic benefits, such invest-ments can potentially prevent the human suffering that results from dis-ease. I don’t see how anyone can be against that goal. 
I would venture to say again out of 
respect to the chairman of my com-mittee, if we were to get rid of the Pre-vention Fund, I don’t see any point in having the 21st Century Cures Act be-cause the money is similar. One goes for prevention, and the other goes also for prevention. 
This legislation is harmful, unneces-
sary, and will never become law. I urge all Members to reject it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from 
Tennessee (Mrs. B LACKBURN ), the vice 
chair of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the chairman. 
Before I begin my remarks, I want to 
commend Chairman P
RICE and Chair-
man U PTON for the work that they 
have done—Energy and Commerce is an authorizing committee, and Chairman P
RICE is the Budget Committee—mak-
ing certain that we meet the targets for reconciliation. 
One of the things we have heard re-
peatedly from our constituents is the U.S. House of Representatives is re-sponsible for this Nation getting their fiscal house in order. It is an impera-tive. We know we are not going to have a silver bullet that does it overnight. Those silver bullets don’t exist. 
We do know this, that we can take 
the right steps at the right time and put a bill on the President’s desk. The President has the choice to say, I agree with you. Let’s move this Nation to fis-cal health, or he will veto the bill. And, of course, our goal is to get it over to the Senate so they can do their work and we can see that step of the process take place. 
There are some items in this bill for 
reconciliation that I do come to strongly support. I think it is impera-tive that the Affordable Care Act, which has proven to be so unaffordable, too expensive to use, too expensive to purchase—insurance gets you to the queue, not to the doctor. We all know 
those stories. 
What we have learned is that the ad-
ministration has recently cut in half their enrollment projections for next year. This should trouble everybody be-cause this is something that we said. 
We know from history, from govern-
ment-run programs, that those expec-tations many times are not met. So then you see a movement into damage control. We are taking the right steps to begin to rein this in and to break this program apart. 
I think it is important to note, as we 
look at the ObamaCare program and the steps we are taking to eliminate portions of that program, that just this week, with the co-ops that were put in place—and, by the way, about a billion taxpayer dollars spent on those co-ops and nine—nine of those co-ops have now failed. They failed, poof, gone. It is these findings that are raising the questions that Americans have for: Look, the program isn’t working. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. UPTON. I yield the gentlewoman 
an additional 1 minute. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. What you need to 
do is stop this before it becomes too en-trenched to change because people are 
not getting access to care and money is being wasted on healthcare delivery theories that clearly do not work. 
This bill repeals the individual man-
date, the employer mandate, the Cad-illac tax, the medical device tax, ends auto enrollment, and ends the Public Health Fund, which is a slush fund. When you are paying for pet neutering and other things out of a prevention fund, yes, it is a slush fund, and it needs to be clawed back. 
In addition, there is a 1-year morato-
rium on the funds for Planned Parent-hood while Congress completes its in-vestigation into the practices that have taken place around fetal tissues. 
H.R. 3762 is a net tax cut, a net 
spending cut, and reduces the deficit. I urge support. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
As I said, now our vice chair of the 
committee also is going into all the reasons why we should repeal the Af-fordable Care Act. 
So I think maybe at this time, Mr. 
Chairman, I would like to just read, if I could, from the Statement of Admin-istration Policy. This is the President’s statement about why this bill should not pass. He says: 
‘‘The administration strongly op-
poses House passage of H.R. 3762. The House now has attempted to repeal or undermine the Affordable Care Act more than 50 times. By repealing nu-merous key elements of current law, H.R. 3762 would take away critical ben-efits and health care coverage from hard-working middle-class families. The bill also would remove policies that are expected to help slow the growth in health care costs and that have improved the quality of care pa-tients receive. H.R. 3762 would increase 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.015 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7155 October 23, 2015 
the deficit in the long term and detract 
from the work that Congress could be doing to foster job creation and eco-nomic growth.’’ 
The Affordable Care Act is working 
and is fully integrated into an im-proved American healthcare system. Discrimination based on preexisting conditions is a thing of the past. Under the Affordable Care Act, we have seen the slowest growth in healthcare prices in nearly 50 years benefiting all Ameri-cans. 
Repealing key elements of the Af-
fordable Care Act would result in mil-lions of individuals remaining unin-sured or losing the insurance they have today. An estimated 17.6 million Amer-icans gained coverage as several of the Affordable Care Act’s coverage provi-sions have taken effect, 15.3 million since the beginning of the first open enrollment in October 2013. This legis-lation would roll back coverage gains and would cost millions of hardworking middle class families the security of af-fordable health coverage they deserve. 
Repealing the healthcare law would 
have implications far beyond these Americans who have or will gain insur-ance. More than 150 million Americans with employer-based insurance would be at risk of higher premiums and lower wages or losing their coverage al-together. Reforms that strengthen Medicare’s long-term finances also would be repealed, likely making Medi-care’s Hospital Insurance Trust Fund insolvent earlier. 
H.R. 3762 also would defund the Pre-
vention and Public Health Fund, which was created to help prevent disease, de-tect it early, and manage conditions before they become severe; limit wom-en’s health care choices; and dispropor-tionately impact low-income individ-uals. 
Rather than refighting old political 
battles by once again voting to repeal basic protections that provide security for the middle class, Members of Con-gress should be working together to grow the economy, strengthen middle class families, and create new jobs. 
If the President were presented with 
H.R. 3762, he would veto the bill. 
This is an exercise in futility, this 
reconciliation act. To suggest that somehow we should repeal the Afford-able Care Act after all the good things that it is doing to help Americans ob-tain health care, have access to health care, and lower costs, there is abso-lutely no justification for it. I thought that the Republicans would stop doing this months ago, but here they are at it again. I don’t really understand it. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ), a member of the 
Health Subcommittee. 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 3762, the Restor-ing Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act. 
This comprehensive package focuses 
on significant portions of ObamaCare, striking onerous tax and mandate pro-
visions, and laying the groundwork for a new President elected in 2016 to com-plete a full replacement plan of ObamaCare—not repeal—repeal and re-placement. 
According to the Congressional Budg-
et Office, the package reduces the def-icit by nearly $130 billion and provides a 1-year moratorium on all Federal mandatory funding for Planned Parent-hood, a moratorium to Planned Parent-hood, but that funding is redirected elsewhere, to community health orga-nizations that do a fine job across this country. 
Under the leadership of Chairman 
U
PTON , provisions finally end the 
ObamaCare fund, known as the Preven-tion and Public Health Fund, which gives the Secretary of Health and Human Services billions of dollars to spend each year with little account-ability. 
All Members of Congress should rec-
ognize that that responsibility belongs to us here in this branch of government and not in the executive branch. Funds from this program have financed ques-tionable programs, and there has been waste. Some Democrats have joined in calling for its termination. 
The Energy and Commerce Com-
mittee sections also direct that the Planned Parenthood funding will go to other organizations’ high-quality-ac-cess healthcare options both for women and men. 
Contributions from both the House 
Education and Workforce and Ways and Means Committees also include the repeal of a series of significant pieces of ObamaCare, including the re-peal of the individual and employer mandates, the repeal of the 40 percent excise Cadillac tax—and there is no one I know who favors that Cadillac tax, certainly those hardworking men and women who are in labor organizations in this country—and that forces people to accept different insurance coverage from the coverage they knew and liked, and it includes the repeal of the med-ical device tax, which increases the cost of care, discourages medical inno-vation, and harms job creation, par-ticularly in my home State of New Jer-sey. 
Because the legislation was devel-
oped through the reconciliation proc-ess, it will be protected from a fili-buster in the Senate and could be passed in that body by a simple major-ity. I call for majority passage in the Senate of the United States. Reconcili-ation is our best chance to send mean-ingful legislation to the President’s desk. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
important legislation. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding to me. 
As President Reagan used to say, 
‘‘Here we go again,’’ on the 61st at-tempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act, I mean, give us a break. It is a 
waste of everybody’s time. I don’t know why we are going through this exercise. 
I do understand, Mr. Speaker, the 
need to reconcile our budget. I do not, however, understand the impulse to do so by gutting both the Affordable Care Act and an organization that provides vital preventive services to more than 2 million Americans, and that is Planned Parenthood. 
b1045 
Investing in preventative care saves 
money in the long term. Yet this short-sighted measure would abolish the Af-fordable Care Act-created Prevention and Public Health Fund, which is our government’s sole investment in pre-vention. 
This isn’t merely a talking point. I 
have seen the ample returns on this in-vestment in my hometown of the Bronx, where the fund sponsors healthier meals, antismoking cam-paigns, and increased access to vac-cinations. This fund should not be gut-ted. This bill ignores the progress that the fund is making not only towards saving money but, more importantly, towards saving lives. 
This bill, again, as I said, bars the 
funding for Medicaid reimbursement to Planned Parenthood—again, yet an-other politically motivated attempt to demonize Planned Parenthood based on discredited allegations of wrongdoing. As I have said repeatedly, more than half of Planned Parenthood centers are in rural or underserved areas where health care is already hard to come by. Yet some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to make it even harder to access HIV and STI tests, breast and cervical cancer screenings, and other lifesaving services. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
this bill and to continue to provide pre-ventative care to our country’s most underserved citizens. This is what we should be doing, not making it harder for them to get the help they need. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I inquire of 
my friend from New Jersey how many speakers he has remaining on his side. We are prepared to close. 
Mr. PALLONE. I have no additional 
speakers. 
Mr. Speaker, how much time remains 
on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from New Jersey has 6
1⁄2min-
utes remaining, and the gentleman from Michigan has 6
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
I want to just talk, in closing, about 
the part of this reconciliation that eliminates funding for Planned Parent-hood and related agencies. 
Basically, the reconciliation instruc-
tions would prohibit Federal funding under Medicaid as well as under SCHIP—the children’s health fund— and social services’ block grants to prohibited entities that are defined as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.017 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7156 October 23, 2015 
those primarily engaged in family 
planning, reproductive health services, and related medical care, and those that provide abortions beyond limited circumstances. 
Now, the thing that is most dis-
turbing to me is the ideological bent. We know that the Supreme Court says that abortion is legal and that women have a right to choose; but this goes way beyond even the abortion issue by talking about family planning and re-productive health services. My col-leagues continue to say that there are alternatives to Planned Parenthood, but the reality is that there are not be-cause it is the main provider for family planning, reproductive health services, and related medical care. 
That is our point here. You can try 
to define this as relating to abortion, but the bottom line is that Planned Parenthood and similar entities pro-vide all kinds of services for women’s health and even for some men, and you are denying them access. So I do kind of resent the fact that there is this sug-gestion that you are going to allow ac-cess at community health centers, be-cause I know, from my own experience, that community health centers are limited—there aren’t that many—and they don’t have the ability to provide these services, particularly this kind of specialty care that women deserve and that women should have. 
Once again, we are here to defend 
longstanding freedom of choice protec-tions that ensure that a woman in the Medicaid program can see the qualified provider she trusts. Remember, when you are talking about Medicaid in par-ticular, you are talking about poor women. You are talking about vulner-able women who will lose access to care because Medicaid is their major source of funding if they want to get care. 
I can never support any legislation of 
any kind that would leave millions of American women without key prevent-ative health services, including birth control, lifesaving cancer screenings, STI testing and treatment, well-woman exams, and advice on family planning. Federal rules protect the right of Med-icaid beneficiaries to seek care from trusted and medically qualified pro-viders of their choosing. 
Now you are entering an ideological 
debate into what we call ‘‘any willing provider.’’ The idea was that you could decide as a woman—or as anyone— where to go. If an agency provided the services and if it were qualified, you could choose to go there. Now you are breaking that for ideological reasons. My concern is: Where do we go next? We then say that you can’t go to a hos-pital because it is Catholic or that you can’t go to a clinic because it is Jew-ish. How are you supposed to define, ideologically, which provider you can go to if you now put the ideological bent on it as saying you can’t go to a provider that may, at one of its clin-ics—not even the one you go to—pro-vide abortion services? This is a protection that has existed 
for a long time, and you are breaking it. This is the wrong bill—wrong be-cause it repeals the Affordable Care Act, wrong because it denies women ac-cess to important care. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I really thank Chair-
man P
RICE for the budget process that 
we have seen this year. One of the toughest votes any Member has, whether the Republicans are in charge or the Democrats—either side—is the passage of a budget. For a lot of years, at least on our side of the aisle, we complained bitterly that the Senate was never able to pass a budget for, probably, 4 or 5 years, I want to say. 
It didn’t happen this year. We passed 
a responsible budget in the House, and the Senate passed a budget. 
I don’t think many Americans realize 
that the budget, itself, does not go to the President for his signature or veto. It is just the roadmap for us, and it sets up the stage where we can use rec-onciliation. This is a process, I want to say, President Reagan used for the first time back in the eighties. I worked at the White House then. 
This is a way that you don’t need the 
60-vote threshold that most bills re-quire in the Senate. You only need 50 votes. So that budget process, by get-ting a conference agreement, was nur-tured through the two bodies—the House and the Senate. Then began the process of reconciliation within the au-thorizing committees. Our com-mittee—Energy and Commerce—Ways and Means, Education and the Work-force, and others can come up with a real savings to match that budget tar-get that we set last spring. 
That is what this is. It is reconcili-
ation. It is a coming together based on the budget, and this, in fact, is a bill that goes to the President. In the Statement of Administration Policy, we are expecting a veto, but at least we are getting the job done. We are deliv-ering on what we said we would do, and we are getting the bill to the President for action either way. 
I just want to take this time and 
again thank Chairman P
RICE and oth-
ers and my fellow committee chairs for their hard work because it is. It is hard work to get a bill to the House floor, particularly one that actually does re-duce the deficit, something that many of us on both sides of the aisle actually support. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of 
my time to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. T
OMPRICE), and I ask unani-
mous consent that he be allowed to control the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) be allowed to control the next 10 minutes of de-
bate time as the designee of the rank-ing member. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I am pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. K
LINE), 
the chair of the Education and the Workforce Committee, and I ask unani-mous consent that he be allowed to control the next 10 minutes of debate time as my designee. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. KLINE. I thank Chairman P
RICE 
for yielding me the time. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 min-
utes. 
I rise today in strong support of Re-
storing Americans’ Healthcare Free-dom Reconciliation Act. 
Mr. Speaker, higher costs, fewer full- 
time jobs, loss of insurance coverage, less access to trusted healthcare pro-viders, those are just some of the harmful consequences stemming from the President’s flawed healthcare law— a law that is wreaking havoc on fami-lies and small businesses across the country. 
Just this month, officials in Clay 
County, Tennessee, moved to close local schools due to severe budgetary challenges. According to the county di-rector of schools, ObamaCare is ‘‘the straw that broke the camel’s back.’’ This local official said it is very dif-ficult for the school district to ‘‘meet the mandates of the law.’’ Of course, that is what school leaders, college ad-ministrators, small-business owners, and others have been saying for years. Employers, working families, teachers, and students are paying the price for the President’s government takeover of health care. 
We have a responsibility to use every 
tool we have to dismantle this flawed healthcare scheme, and the bill before us today will do just that. The Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee has helped play a role in this effort. 
The committee recently passed a pro-
posal that will repeal a costly and un-necessary mandate in the healthcare law, known as auto enrollment. As the name suggests, this mandate requires certain employers to automatically en-roll employees in the government-ap-proved health insurance. It may not sound like a big deal, but this one man-date will create costly confusion for employers and employees, will penalize those already enrolled in coverage, and will take wages out of the paychecks of hardworking Americans. The mandate is so complex, Mr. Speaker, that, after 4 years, the Department of Labor still hasn’t figured out how to enforce it. 
The American people sent us to 
Washington to focus on their priorities. By supporting H.R. 3762, we can reduce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.018 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7157 October 23, 2015 
spending and rein in our Nation’s def-
icit and debt, and we can send a bill to the President that will dismantle his flawed healthcare law. These are lead-ing priorities of the American people that this proposal helps to advance. 
I urge my colleagues to seize this im-
portant opportunity by supporting this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Today, the House will take yet an-
other vote on the Affordable Care Act. More specifically today, we will vote on whether or not we want to support a budget reconciliation process that will seek to take away health insur-ance from millions of Americans—but this isn’t a new exercise. 
In the past 5 years, the House has 
voted about 60 times to repeal or to un-dermine the law. There have been mul-tiple lawsuits filed, and countless at-tacks have been mounted—all with the same goal of turning the clock back-wards on the progress we have made. 
Before Congress passed the Afford-
able Care Act, healthcare costs were skyrocketing. That was before the Af-fordable Care Act. In the months before we passed the bill, there were months during which 14,000 people a day were losing their health insurance. Women were routinely charged more for insur-ance than men. If you had a preexisting condition, you may not have been able to get insurance at all; or if you lost your job or wanted a new business and had a preexisting condition, you were just out of luck. 
We made great progress in improving 
a system that didn’t work for Amer-ican families, and as a result of the ACA, more than 17 million uninsured Americans have gained health insur-ance. Today, young Americans can stay on their parents’ policies until they are 26. If you have a preexisting condition, you can get healthcare in-surance at the standard rate; so, if you want to change jobs or start a business or start a family, you have healthcare options even if you have a preexisting condition. Further, the healthcare cost growth has slowed, resulting in the lowest annual increase in healthcare spending in at least 50 years. 
It is clear that the Affordable Care 
Act is working, and it is even clearer that we should not revert back to the way things were before the ACA when those with preexisting conditions couldn’t get health insurance, when young people had few or no coverage options, and when, of course, the costs were skyrocketing. 
Once again, we are considering a bill 
that dismantles the law without any credible alternative to ensure that mil-lions of Americans won’t, once again, be left out in the cold; so I urge my col-leagues to protect healthcare insurance by opposing this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ), a member of the 
Education and the Workforce Com-mittee. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the reconciliation package. 
First, I want to thank Chairman 
K
LINE and Chairman P RICE for their in-
strumental work in putting this pack-age together. 
Mr. Speaker, for the past 5 years, the 
President’s healthcare law has led to higher costs, less access to doctors, and fewer choices. This is why it is so im-portant to make commonsense fixes to this law. 
As I travel throughout New York’s 
21st District, constituents tell me they want Members of Congress to work to-
gether to ease the pain this law has created for so many North Country families and businesses. By moving em-ployer-sponsored healthcare coverage away from a voluntary and flexible model, the President’s healthcare law has created countless penalties and mandates, including one that requires certain employers to automatically en-roll their full-time employees in healthcare coverage. 
This auto enrollment mandate cre-
ates confusion for my constituents, and, by triggering tax penalties, it ac-tually creates duplicative costs for em-ployees who might already have health insurance. For example, if veterans in my district who are eligible for TRICARE or if North Country college students stay on their parents’ healthcare plans and then get jobs, they will be automatically enrolled in unnecessary and duplicative plans un-less they know about this confusing provision and decline coverage within a set amount of time. 
b1100 
It is redundant. It is unnecessary. It 
is not in line with the patient-centered healthcare system this country de-serves. 
The reconciliation package, which is 
under consideration today, would eliminate this misguided mandate, and it does not take away an employee’s ability to opt in and enroll in their em-ployer’s healthcare coverage. 
This provision accomplishes this by 
getting rid of the onerous and duplica-tive mandate known as auto enroll-ment. This commonsense fix will save Americans hard-earned money. It will protect workers from a one-size-fits-all healthcare system. It saves the Federal Government billions of dollars. 
I urge my colleagues to stand up for 
the American taxpayer and support this reconciliation package. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to H.R. 3762, which would make getting health coverage more dif-ficult and more expensive for millions of hardworking Americans. Today 17 million Americans who had 
been uninsured now have high-quality, affordable health coverage. We should not overlook this fact. Across the country, people are now able to live their lives, to pursue careers, to start families without the looming fear that any medical emergency could bankrupt them. 
The bill we are debating today would 
send our country back to a time when hardworking people couldn’t access preventive services, when injuries and illnesses were not only physically de-bilitating, but could also be financially crippling. 
Imagine being diagnosed with cancer 
and fighting for your life to beat it and then facing the prospect of losing your home because you are torn between paying a mortgage and paying for life- saving treatment. No one should have to face that choice. 
What is especially disappointing is 
the fact that Members of both parties have ideas for improving the Afford-able Care Act that are worthy of con-sideration. We just heard one from Ms. S
TEFANIK of New York. 
Instead of coming together around 
issues of common interest, the House is using its time to debate an unrealistic measure that would simply push health care beyond the reach of hardworking people in communities across this country and, yet again, on top of that, try to defund Planned Parenthood. 
So I urge my colleagues to join me in 
me rejecting this bill. Let’s get back to the table and work together. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. R
OE), the chairman of the 
Subcommittee on Health, Employ-ment, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in support of Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-onciliation Act. I thank Chairmen K
LINE, RYAN, UPTON , and P RICE and 
their staffs for the work and leadership on this important bill. 
As a physician who spent more than 
30 years caring for patients, I am keen-ly aware of the negative impact that the President’s healthcare law has had on the American healthcare system. The mandates, tax increases, wasteful spending, failed Web sites, co-ops, in-
cluding ObamaCare, put a strain on hardworking families, and it has suc-ceeded only in making our already- struggling economy worse. 
This bill repeals the individual man-
date, the employer mandate, stops the damaging and progressive Cadillac and medical device taxes, which have strong bipartisan support, and is esti-mated to save about $79 billion. Fur-ther, it will protect workers from hav-ing to purchase insurance plans they may not want or need by excusing them from the auto enrollment provi-sion. 
This bill does not accomplish every-
thing we need to to right the wrongs of ObamaCare, but it is a strong step in the right direction. By using the rec-onciliation process to repeal the most 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.019 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7158 October 23, 2015 
damaging parts of ObamaCare, we are 
keeping our promise to the American people to protect them from this fa-tally flawed law. 
Let me take you down to the ground 
level, where I live. I was mayor in Johnson City, Tennessee. I just met with the folks there. They have $185,000 they have to pay into a reinsurance fund. They have 1,000 employees and a large HR department. 
They have had to hire a consultant 
to figure out whether they are com-plying with all of the regulations, and the city manager said: Under no cir-cumstances will we hire anybody to work more than 25 hours a week be-cause we cannot afford to do that in our local situation. 
Mr. Speaker, I came to Congress to 
help reform our Nation’s healthcare system, and there is no question it was broken before ObamaCare. Unfortu-nately, this law has only made things harder and more expensive for too many Americans. 
I hear over and over again Repub-
licans don’t have any alternatives. Well, here is one right here, the Restor-ing Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act, a 193-page bill which lowers cost, increases access, and gives more freedom to patients. Also, H.R. 2300, Dr. P
RICE’s bill, does 
the same thing. 
I strongly encourage support for this 
bill. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ). 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. 
Speaker, here we go again. We are back here using valuable legislative time to make a doomed attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act. 
Next week the highway bill will ex-
pire. The week after that we are facing the prospect of defaulting on our Na-tion’s debt. Next month we could shut down government because we don’t have a long-term budget. 
Yet, here we are again, repealing the 
Affordable Care Act, defunding Planned Parenthood, because maybe the 65th time it will stick? 
I would like to remind my colleagues 
that the Affordable Care Act has in-sured over 17 million Americans and that Planned Parenthood provides care to 2.7 million patients a year, often in underserved areas of our country. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle seem determined to replay these issues, despite the fact that we have already voted on them. 
Mr. Speaker, we have a lot of very 
important time-sensitive issues we need to deal with. We need to fund our highway system. We need to pay our bills. We need to keep government open. These are the very basic func-tions we were elected to perform. These are the minimum of what families need and expect from us. 
Instead, we are wasting precious time 
debating backward, ideological bills that roll back important progress made for women and families who are work-ing hard to get to and stay in the mid-
dle class. 
I urge my colleagues to vote down 
this partisan attempt to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act and defund Planned Parenthood. Let’s get back to solving this Nation’s problems. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), a member of 
the committee. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for affording me the opportunity to ad-dress such a critical issue. 
This reform package will protect tax-
payer dollars while reforming some of the most egregious portions of the Af-fordable Care Act. As a member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, I am proud to support language included in this bill that would repeal the harmful auto enroll-ment mandate of the ACA. This provi-sion, which would apply to companies with 200 or more employees, would oth-erwise move employees into a preapproved government-managed health insurance plan. 
Mr. Speaker, creating more red tape 
and mandates was never the solution to curb rising healthcare costs and to increase access to insurance markets. I was a freshman Member in Congress in 2009 when many of the individuals speaking today took part in a 24-hour- long markup of an earlier version of the ACA. 
Mr. Speaker, some of these provi-
sions lacked all common sense and that holds true today. Half a decade later the Department of Labor is still strug-gling to find a way to enforce auto en-rollment. 
Say what you want about the Afford-
able Care Act, this is plain unworkable. Repealing this provision will save $1 billion and maintain flexibility for em-ployers in structuring health insurance benefits for their employees. 
Mr. Speaker, my Democratic col-
leagues on the other side of the aisle are just in denial. Since its passage, the ACA has been amended more than 50 times, and the bulk of these were changes they supported and were signed into law by the President. We should not stop there. 
H.R. 3762 is the next great change to 
the ACA, and the American people de-serve as much. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, could I in-
quire of the gentleman from Virginia how many more speakers he has? 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I am prepared to close. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Chairman K LINE, Chairman P RICE, and 
Chairman U PTON for their work on this 
Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Free-dom Reconciliation Act, H.R. 3762. 
You know, when I go out in our dis-
trict, people want choice. I think the top-down elements of the Affordable 
Care Act are creating tremendous bur-dens on our people who demand that we give particularly our small business community and our employees the op-portunity to have the right choice. 
The Restoring Americans’ Healthcare 
Freedom Reconciliation Act is impor-tant legislation that repeals many of the most harmful provisions in ObamaCare. ObamaCare has had a dev-astating effect since its passage. 
H.R. 3762 repeals the individual and 
employer mandates, the medical device tax, and the outrageous Cadillac tax which, again, does not allow for folks to choose the plan they want. This thereby unburdens our families and our businesses from the harmful effects of these mandates. 
I came to Congress to create jobs, 
grow the economy, and reduce the size and scope of the Federal Government and restore fiscal responsibility in Washington. 
Passing a balanced budget amend-
ment that repeals the job-killing ObamaCare provisions is a good start. Republicans in Congress are continuing to fight to rein in Washington’s spend-ing problem and get our economy on the right track. 
I stand in strong support of Restoring 
Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-onciliation Act and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important legis-
lation to give our people the oppor-tunity to choose how they would like to have their health care rendered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
S
IMPSON ). The gentleman from Virginia 
has 41⁄2minutes remaining, and the 
gentleman from Minnesota has 30 sec-onds remaining. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I include in the R
ECORD three letters, 
one from the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employ-ees of the AFL–CIO, another from the AFL–CIO, and another one from Amer-ica’s Essential Hospitals. 
AFSCME, 
Washington DC, October 22, 2015. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 1.6 
million members of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), I urge you to oppose the budget reconciliation bill (H.R. 3762). This bill would gut the Affordable Care Act (ACA), jeopard-izing the ability of millions of Americans to see a doctor, get medications or go to the hospital when needed. H.R. 3762 would create extensive upheaval in health care coverage for children, working families, retirees and individuals with disabilities. 
This bill eliminates both the employer and 
individual responsibility requirements which the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation estimate would cause as many as 15 million to lose their health coverage, 20% of whom would be children. In the individual market, pre-miums would increase by an estimated 20% over premiums expected under current law. Rather than helping Americans achieve greater financial security in an unbalanced economy, H.R. 3762 would put millions at risk of financial hardship and even ruin from an unexpected illness. 
The bill would repeal the Prevention and 
Public Health Fund, eliminating the nation’s largest single investment in prevention and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.020 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7159 October 23, 2015 
undermining efforts to bend the cost curve 
by preventing chronic diseases. Repealing this fund also puts our nation at risk of being unprepared for emerging epidemics and other public health crises. 
We are also opposed to the repeal of the 
modest excise tax on the medical device in-dustry, which has profited substantially from the expansion of health coverage under the ACA. We also oppose the elimination of federal funding for women’s health services provided by Planned Parenthood for one year. This provision will block millions of women from having access to health care services. 
The bill also repeals the 40% tax on high 
cost, employer-sponsored health benefits. We agree that the 40% tax should be repealed in order to keep health care affordable for working families. However, repeal of this tax should not be included in a bill that would eliminate health coverage for millions of workers. 
We urge you to oppose H.R. 3762. 
Sincerely, 
S
COTT FREY, 
Director of Federal Government Affairs. 
AMERICAN FEDERATION OF LABOR  
ANDCONGRESS OF INDUSTRIAL OR-
GANIZATIONS , 
Washington, DC, October 22, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 
AFL–CIO, I urge you to oppose the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconcili-ation Act (H.R. 3762). This bill will under-mine the coverage expansions of the Afford-able Care Act (ACA) and restrict women’s ac-cess to safety-net medical services. 
The ACA has enabled 171.6 million unin-
sured people to gain health insurance cov-erage. Many of these individuals—2.3 mil-lion—are young adults who are trying to es-tablish financial independence. Many others are people who could not obtain coverage from their employer or who found coverage in the individual market to be unaffordable. We cannot take a giant step backward in ex-posing these individuals to the risk that their medical care will be unaffordable or that a catastrophic illness will bankrupt their families. H.R. 3762 will repeal elements of the ACA that enable the coverage expan-sions to work, resulting in a loss of coverage for millions. 
The reconciliation package also directly 
targets Medicaid funding for nonprofit pro-viders of women’s health care services, eliminating payments for these services for one year for certain providers. The Congres-sional Budget Office (CBO) estimates that many women will lose access to medical services. Their report on the bill notes, ‘‘The people most likely to experience reduced ac-cess to care would probably reside in areas without access to other health care clinics or medical practitioners who serve low-income populations.’’ It is simply unacceptable to cut women off from these services. 
It is true that the legislation repeals the 40 
percent health benefits tax, which we believe should not be part of a health reform law aimed at keeping care affordable. The tax was intended to increase the out-of-pocket costs of people with employer-based coverage so they would use fewer services, thereby re-ducing expenditures on health care. We op-pose this policy because it will shift costs to workers without directly addressing the major cost drivers in the healthcare system. However, repeal of the tax does not belong in legislation intended to eliminate coverage for millions of workers. 
We urge you to vote against this harmful 
bill. 
W
ILLIAM SAMUEL , Director, 
Government Affairs Department. AMERICA ’SESSENTIAL HOSPITALS , 
Washington, DC, October 21, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, 
DC. 
Hon. N ANCY PELOSI , 
Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEARSPEAKER BOEHNER AND REPRESENTA -
TIVE PELOSI : On behalf of America’s Essen-
tial Hospitals, it’s more than 250 member hospitals and health systems, and the mil-lions of people we serve every year, I am 
writing to express my grave concern regard-ing H.R. 3762, Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015. America’s Essential Hospitals is the leading association and champion for hos-pitals and health systems dedicated to high- quality care for all, including the most vul-nerable. Our members are vital to their com-munities, providing primary care through trauma care, disaster response, health pro-fessional training, research, public health programs, and other services. 
H.R. 3762 includes a number of provisions 
that we believe would damage the ability of all people—particularly the low-income and vulnerable—I to access high quality health care. While we appreciate the legislation’s inclusion of a repeal of the Independent Pay-ment Advisory Board, which could usurp Congress’ authority over health care entitle-ments, there are five provisions in the legis-lation that we oppose as written: 
While America’s Essential Hospitals does 
not have a formal position on either the indi-vidual or employer mandates, we steadfastly support policies that promote health care coverage. We know that health care cov-erage—whether it be through employer-based insurance, Medicare, Medicaid, through an exchange, or in another venue—ultimately promotes access to care and saves lives. Independent analysists have consistently found that repeal of the individual and em-ployer mandates would significantly erode coverage. Without provisions to retain cov-erage for affected individuals, we believe Congress should reconsider eliminating the mandates. 
America’s Essential Hospitals firmly op-
poses repeal of the Prevention and Public Health Fund. The fund represents a signifi-cant and needed investment in prevention and public health, particularly for the Cen-ters for Disease Control (CDC), which re-ceives more than 90 percent of the fund’s re-sources. In 2015 the fund provided (among other items): 
∑one-third of the funding for the CDC’s 
immunization programs 
∑all of the funding for state block grants 
to detect and respond to infectious diseases 
∑half of the funding for CDC efforts to pre-
vent heart disease, stroke, and diabetes. 
We strongly urge Congress to protect this 
vital source of funding. 
Finally, in an effort to prohibit funding to 
a specific health care provider, the reconcili-ation bill would amend Medicaid statute in an unprecedented way. In what is known as the ‘‘any willing provider’’ provision, federal Medicaid law allows beneficiaries to receive services from any provider that is qualified to perform the service or services. This pro-vision—which has never been waived for fee- for-service population—promotes access care for beneficiaries in a program that all too often lacks adequate access due, in part, to inadequate reimbursement. By undermining this critical protection, the reconciliation legislation would set a destabilizing prece-dent that could lead to further restrictions to access for our nation’s most vulnerable people. 
America’s Essential Hospitals appreciates 
the opportunity to provide our thoughts on the pending reconciliation legislation. We 
strongly urge you to reconsider this bill and work with all stakeholders to find con-sensus-based innovative ways to reduce health care spending without damaging ac-cess to care for millions of people. 
Sincerely, 
B
RUCE SIEGEL , MD, MPH, 
President and CEO. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield any remaining time left to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. V
AN 
HOLLEN ) and ask unanimous consent 
that he be allowed to control that time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, we have 
heard a good debate here today. We have talked about doing some com-monsense things. This bill does not re-peal all of ObamaCare, but it certainly repeals some egregious aspects of it. 
The one that our committee worked 
on ending the auto enrollment feature saves $7.9 billion and removes some-thing that even the administration can’t figure out how to implement. 
So I urge my colleagues to support 
this legislation. 
I yield the remainder of my time to 
the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. T
OM 
PRICE) and ask unanimous consent that 
he be allowed to control that time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Minnesota? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia has 9 minutes re-maining, and the gentleman from Maryland has 12
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. May I in-
quire, Mr. Speaker, of my friend from Maryland how many speakers he has remaining? 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, we 
have more speakers, but they are not with us on the floor at the moment. I am not sure exactly how many there are either. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Does the chairman have additional 
speakers? 
Mr. PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
am prepared to close. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, in 
that case, in the interest of time, would the gentleman be interested, since we have 9 minutes and 12
1⁄2min-
utes left and no other speakers, in agreeing that we will each take 5 min-utes to close? 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I am happy to do that. Yes. 
b1115 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman. 
I yield myself the balance of my 
time. 
I have been listening to the debate, 
and I am sorry to report that as I come here to close the debate, not much has changed from when we started this de-bate this morning. This is still, in my view, an unproductive end to an al-ready unproductive and shameful week. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:10 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.004 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7160 October 23, 2015 
We saw in this House just yesterday 
the spectacle of a kangaroo court-style special Benghazi hearing, using tax-payers’ dollars, engaged in a political witch hunt, abuse of power, misuse of taxpayer dollars, and in fact the Re-publican majority leader himself, Mr. M
CCARTHY , told the country that that 
was all about bringing down Secretary Clinton’s poll numbers. 
Then, just earlier this week, we pre-
tended, in passing a piece of legisla-tion, that the United States doesn’t have to pay all the bills that are due and owing. We passed a piece of legisla-tion that says we will only pay some of our bills but not all of our bills. No American citizen can get up in the morning and say: ‘‘You know what? I am not going to pay my mortgage bill. I will only pay my car payment.’’ When a country like the United States puts its full faith and credit at risk, it puts the entire economy of our country and the international economic order at risk. 
But to add insult to injury, in pass-
ing a piece of legislation that said the United States will only pay some of our bills, so forget about that full faith and credit, we passed legislation that says, well, we are going to pay the big bondholders first. So China gets paid first. Wall Street gets paid first. Troops don’t get paid. Veterans don’t get paid. Doctors providing Medicare services, they don’t get paid. 
Now here we are, for the 61st time, 
passing a piece of legislation to dis-mantle the Affordable Care Act, which, according to the analysis of the Con-gressional Budget Office, will cost 15 million Americans access to affordable health care, including 3 million chil-dren. 
Now, I have heard some of our col-
leagues come to the floor and say, well, we want to improve the Affordable Care Act in certain ways. We under-stand that the Affordable Care Act is not perfect, but a piece of legislation that takes away affordable health care from 15 million Americans, that is nothing to celebrate. That is nothing to be proud of. We shouldn’t be doing that here on the floor of the House, taking away access to health care for women at places like Planned Parent-hood, when the chairman of the Over-sight Committee, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , has 
also stated on national television that they didn’t violate any laws and later said that they hadn’t engaged in inap-propriate activity. 
When our Republican colleagues got 
that kind of answer with respect to Benghazi, when the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence in the House and the Committee on Armed Services in the House concluded that there had been no wrongdoing in the tragedy in Benghazi, our Republican colleagues invented the Select Com-mittee on Benghazi. When they didn’t get the answer they wanted on Planned Parenthood, they invented a special committee on Planned Parenthood that is going to waste taxpayer money, just as the Select Committee on 
Benghazi has. 
Mr. Speaker, I showed, earlier, a 
chart that shows just how fed up the American people are with what is hap-pening here in the House. The problem is everything we have done this week, from the Benghazi hearings to pre-tending the United States will only pay part of its bills—and when we do, we are going to pay China first—to dis-mantling the Affordable Care Act or attempting to do it for the 61st time. They want us working on the impor-tant issues. 
A few weeks from now, our national 
transportation infrastructure system is going to run out of money. In just a few more weeks, the Federal Govern-ment will shut down if we can’t come together and work something out. I have introduced the Prevent a Govern-ment Shutdown Act. I tried to get a vote on it here on the floor today, but the Committee on Rules said no. Their priority was not to prevent the govern-ment from shutting down in a couple weeks. Their priority was, for the 61st time, to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, even at the cost of 15 million Americans’ affordable health insur-ance. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s get on with the big 
issues of this country. Let’s invest in our infrastructure. Let’s shut down some of the tax loopholes that per-versely incentivize American corpora-tions to move jobs and capital overseas and invest it here at home. Let’s make sure we lift the unproductive caps, se-quester caps that are slowing down economic growth right now, according to the Congressional Budget Office. Let’s invest in our kids’ education. Let’s invest in scientific research, and let’s do it while we shut down some of these ridiculous tax breaks for hedge fund managers. We should end this in-version that is going on where U.S. cor-porations just change their address to some tax haven overseas to escape their responsibility to the American taxpayers and their country. 
We have got a lot of pressing issues 
to take care of—instead, Benghazi, pay China first, pass this legislation to take away health care from 15 million Americans, including 3 million Amer-ican kids. 
We can do better. We can do a lot 
better, Mr. Speaker. Let’s defeat this legislation and get on with the real work of the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned at the 
outset of this, we heard a lot of things talked about on the other side, many of which had nothing to do with the piece of legislation before us. 
What we are talking about with this 
legislation are the harmful effects of ObamaCare. What has ObamaCare ac-tually done? 7.5 million Americans paid the individual mandate tax in 2014, an average of about $200. That is going up 
in terms of numbers and in terms of dollars. 
Sixty-seven percent of the American 
people have seen increased deductibles since this law went into place, so much so that many individuals aren’t able to pay their deductible, which means they are denied care, they don’t have care. They may have coverage, but they don’t have health care. A premium in-crease of $3,775, on average, instead of the $2,500 premium decrease that was promised by the President. 
The co-ops, the cooperative program, 
will cost $2.4 billion, yet more than 420,000 Americans will lose coverage from the co-op program because it doesn’t work, like the rest of this law. 
Mr. Speaker, the majority of the 
American people continue to oppose this law. Why? Let me suggest to you it is because the principles of health care have been violated by the law. 
We all want a system that is afford-
able for everybody. Does that occur in ObamaCare? No. 
We want a system that is accessible 
for everybody. Is that the case in ObamaCare? Absolutely not. 
We want a system of the highest 
quality of care. As a formerly prac-ticing physician, I can tell you that my former colleagues tell me that the quality is going down. 
We want a system that is full of inno-
vation and responsiveness to the pa-tients and choices for patients. Have any of those increased in ObamaCare? No. No. No. 
That is the problem, Mr. Speaker. 
That is the problem that we have, and that is that the principles of health care are violated. 
What does this bill before us today 
do? It reduces the deficit by nearly $130 billion. It increases gross domestic product by over $55 billion. It elimi-nates the work disincentives and in-creases the labor supply. That means more jobs, Mr. Speaker. It increases capital investment. That means more jobs. It decreases Federal borrowing. That means more jobs and a healthier economy. 
Who is supporting the bill? All these 
groups are supporting the bill. In fact, Mr. Speaker, we have 42 individual groups supporting the bill: Susan B. Anthony List, Family Research Coun-cil, Americans for Tax Reform, Na-tional Taxpayers Union, Concerned Women for America, National Right to Life Committee, National Retail Fed-eration, Americans for Prosperity, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council, Ameri-cans United for Life, and on and on and on. They support this because they know that this is what the American people want and it is what they de-serve. 
SUSAN B. A NTHONY LIST, 
October 21, 2015. 
US House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE , On behalf of the 
Susan B. Anthony List (SBA List) and our 386,000 members nationwide, I urge you to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.023 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7161 October 23, 2015 
support the ‘‘Restoring Americans’ 
Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act’’ (H.R. 3762). 
This bill blocks a large portion of federal 
funding to Planned Parenthood, America’s largest seller of abortions, for one year. The funding is instead re-directed to community health centers, which provide comprehensive health care for women but do not perform abortions. 
Planned Parenthood does not need or de-
serve taxpayer funding. Most recently, un-dercover videos show that Planned Parent-hood, America’s largest abortion business, has been engaged in unethical and possibly illegal abortion practices connected to the trafficking of unborn children’s organs for profit. 
These videos offer just a glimpse into the 
abortion industry’s day-to-day horrific prac-tices. Over one million abortions are per-formed annually in the United States, with nearly 330,000 occurring in Planned Parent-hood facilities, all the way up to 24 weeks of pregnancy, past the time when recent stud-ies show that a substantial percentage of these children can be saved if treated with the best techniques of modern perinatal medicine. 
Regardless of whether Americans identify 
as pro-life or pro-choice, we should all be able to agree that taxpayer dollars should not be subsidizing an already cash-flush in-dustry. 
Instead, these tax dollars would be put to 
better use at local community health cen-ters, which provide all the same health serv-ices Planned Parenthood does (and usually more), but do not perform brutal abortions and harvest body parts. 
Finally, this bill would repeal parts of the 
Affordable Care Act, which SBA List has long opposed because of its anti-life provi-sions. 
For these reasons, I urge you to support 
this pro-life, pro-woman bill. 
Sincerely, 
M
ARJORIE DANNENFELSER , 
President, Susan B. Anthony List. 
FAMILY RESEARCH COUNCIL , 
October 20, 2015. 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 
Family Research Council (FRC) and the hun-dreds of thousands of families we represent, I urge you to vote in favor of the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconcili-ation Act, which eliminates a significant portion of federal funding for Planned Par-enthood Federation of American (PPFA) as well as several key provisions of the Patient Protection Affordable Care Act (PPACA) through the budget reconciliation process. Americans are outraged as they are made aware of what happens at abortion clinics, where life is only valued by the sum of body parts. FRC strongly supports the effort to eliminate a significant portion of PPFA’s federal funding through this effort. FRC has also supported repealing the Affordable Care Act and supports several provisions con-tained in this bill to repeal key provisions. FRC reserves the right to score in favor of votes for the Rule and will score in favor of votes for the bill. 
PPFA, despite its nonprofit status, re-
ceived over $528 million in federal, state and local government grants and contracts in 2013–2014, and reported a total revenue of over $1.3 billion. According to a March 2015 
GAO report, PPFA received $401.29 million in reimbursements from federal-state programs such as Medicaid, CHIIP and Medicare in 2012. Of that $400.45 million was provided to PPFA through Medicaid. For 2010–2012 those three programs funded PPFA a whopping $1.186 billion, of which 99.9% came from Med-icaid. While an effort to defund Planned Parent-
hood has been blocked in the Senate due to the 60 vote cloture threshold, we believe an effort to defund a significant portion of PPFA’s government revenue through the reconciliation process, which is subject to a 51 vote threshold, is entirely appropriate and possible. While past efforts to defund abor-tion in reconciliation were subject to a Byrd rule point of order, the provision in the House bill is different. It excludes funding for certain entities. 
Specifically, the House reconciliation bill 
will restrict for one year funding under sev-eral mandatory programs such as Medicaid to entities that receive over $350 million and which provide abortion services, other than for cases resulting from rape or incest or cases in which the life of the mother is at 
risk. CBO estimates this provision would save an estimated $235 million. The rec-onciliation instructions would allow funding in the amount of $235 million to community health centers, which do not provide abor-tion. In essence, the Committee’s reconcili-ation instructions would defund a significant amount of federal funds PPFA receives and redirect funding to other health centers. 
Adding these defunding measures to budget 
reconciliation provides a way forward to defunding PPFA and passing this in the Sen-ate with 51 votes. To avoid such an approach would diminish much of the effort Members in the House and Senate have engaged in so far to defund PPFA. 
This bill would also repeal key provisions 
of the PPACA which have the effect of threatening life-saving treatment, which en-courage subsidies for abortion coverage and which threaten conscience. Specifically, the bill would repeal the Independent Payment Advisory Board which is established to con-trol health care costs but which will result in government rationing of lifesaving care. 
The bill also would repeal the employer 
mandate and its penalties, thereby allowing employers to offer health care plans to their employees that are pro-life and avoid drop-ping their employees into exchange plans which may cover elective abortion. More-over, repealing the employer mandate grants employers the option to forgo health care coverage and thereby escape the HHS pre-ventive care services mandate, sometimes called the ‘‘contraception mandate’’, in which all employers offering group coverage must provide drugs and devices that can cause abortion in violation against their conscience. While the Supreme Court pro-tected closely held businesses in the, ‘‘Hobby Lobby,’’ case, non-profit employers such as the Little Sisters of the Poor and numerous other employers are still subject to the HHS mandate. Employers should not be forced by the federal government to cover health in-surance that violate their conscience. 
Last, the bill would repeal the individual 
mandate, allowing individuals to refuse to purchase insurance where there are no or few pro-life alternatives. This is especially rel-evant for individuals who live in 26 states that did not opt out of elective abortion cov-erage. Currently, of the 24 states that allow abortion coverage (and which the federal government may subsidize), 4 states have no pro-life plans, and in 9 states 90% of the plans cover elective abortion. Under the PPACA, those purchasing plans with elective abortion must pay an abortion surcharge, and the federal government subsidizes such plans in violation of the long-standing Hyde Amendment. Pro-life individuals in these states should have more options. The abor-tion funding schemes in the PPACA would still need to be addressed. However, repeal-ing the individual mandate removes pen-alties that force people to purchase health plans they find objectionable as it relates to abortion coverage. For these reasons, FRC supports the ‘‘Re-
storing Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-onciliation Act.’’ Again, FRC reserves the right to score in favor of votes for the Rule and will score in favor of votes for the bill. 
Sincerely, 
D
AVID CHRISTENSEN , 
Vice President of Government Affairs. 
NATIONAL RIGHT TO LIFE 
COMMITTEE , INC., 
Washington, DC, October 19, 2015. 
DEARMEMBER OF CONGRESS : The National 
Right to Life Committee (NRLC), the federa-tion of state right-to-life organizations, urges you to support the ‘‘Restoring Ameri-cans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act’’ (H.R. 3762), which the House of Rep-resentatives will consider on October 23. NRLC intends to include the roll call on final passage of H.R. 3762 in our scorecard of key right-to-life votes of the 1141h Congress, and we reserve the right to also score the vote on the Rule as well. 
NRLC strongly supports the language in 
the bill that would block, for one year, most federal payments to affiliates of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America (PPFA). It would close the largest pipeline for federal funding of Planned Parenthood, Medicaid, and apply as well to the CHIP and the Title V and Title XX block grant programs, thus covering roughly 89 percent of all federal funds to Planned Parenthood. The amounts denied to Planned Parenthood in effect are reallocated to community health centers. 
Over one-third of all abortions in the U.S. 
are performed at PPFA-affiliated facilities. Longstanding objections to the massive fed-eral funding of PPFA have been reinforced by recent widely publicized undercover vid-eos, which illuminate the callous brutality that occurs daily in these abortion mills. For additional up-to-date information on the ex-tent of Planned Parenthood’s involvement in abortion, see: wwvv.nr1c.org/communica-tions/ppfamediabackground/. 
In addition, NRLC has always opposed the 
Obamacare law and advocated its repeal. With respect to H.R. 3762, we particularly en-dorse the components that would repeal the Independent Payment Advisory Board (IPAB) and the ‘‘excess benefits tax’’ (‘‘Cad-illac Tax’’), both dangerous mechanisms that would ultimately contribute to the rationing of lifesaving care. 
We urge that you vote for the Rule, oppose 
any Motion to Recommit, and vote to pass this vital pro-life bill. 
Sincerely, 
C
AROL TOBIAS , 
President. 
DAVID N. O’S TEEN , PH.D, 
Executive Director. 
DOUGLAS D. J OHNSON , 
Legislative Director. 
NATIONAL RETAIL FEDERATION , 
Washington, DC, October 22, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. N ANCY PELOSI , 
Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER BOEHNER AND DEMOCRATIC  
LEADER PELOSI : I write to share the strong 
support of the National Retail Federation (NRF) for H.R. 3762, the Restoring Ameri-cans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015. Please note that NRF may con-sider votes on H.R. 3762 and related proce-dural motions as Opportunity Index Votes for our annual voting scorecard. 
The Affordable Care Act (ACA) remains a 
great concern for NRF and the greater retail community. The ACA adversely influences 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.013 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7162 October 23, 2015 
staffing patterns, discourages full-time em-
ployment and adds to the cost of goods in re-tail stores. NRF opposed enactment of the ACA in 2010 but has also worked steadfastly to change the law since its enactment. We support reasonable efforts to reduce the ACA’s cost burdens and ease compliance con-cerns. 
Many important retail priorities to change 
and improve the ACA are included in H.R. 3762. Repealing the employer mandate, the already harmful Cadillac Tax and automatic enrollment provisions are all strong NRF-en-dorsed goals. We have supported bipartisan repeal efforts on each of these issues. NRF urges bipartisan support for these initiatives and the underlying legislation. 
Budget Reconciliation offers an expedited 
path past the Senate procedural hurdles that have hampered progress on many of these priorities and advance them to the Presi-dent’s desk. We urge the President to sign this legislation at his first opportunity. 
For all of these reasons, NRF strongly sup-
ports H.R. 3762. We therefore ask for your vote in favor of H.R. 3762 when it reaches the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
D
AVID FRENCH  
Senior Vice President, Government Relations. 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE , 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA , 
Washington, DC, October 22, 2015. 
TOTHEMEMBERS OF THEU.S. H OUSE OF  
REPRESENTATIVES : The U.S. Chamber of 
Commerce, the world’s largest business fed-eration representing the interests of more than three million businesses of all sizes, sectors, and regions, as well as state and local chambers and industry associations, and dedicated to promoting, protecting, and defending America’s free enterprise system, supports several key provisions in H.R. 3762, the ‘‘Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Free-dom Reconciliation Act of 2015.’’ 
Key provisions in H.R. 3762 would repeal 
many of the most harmful sections of the Af-fordable Care Act (ACA). Indeed, repealing the employer mandate, the 40% excise tax on so-called ‘‘high-cost’’ employer sponsored health plans, the medical device tax, and auto-enrollment requirements would help control increasing health care costs and pro-tect the employer-sponsored health care sys-tem. 
Due to the tremendous harm that these 
particular ACA provisions are causing em-ployers and employees alike, the Chamber urges you to support H.R. 3762 and repeal the provisions in the ACA that are undermining the employer-sponsored health care system that over 160 million Americans rely on for their health care benefits. 
Sincerely, 
R. B
RUCE JOSTEN . 
AMERICANS FOR PROSPERITY , 
October 22, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVES , Since President 
Obama’s healthcare law went into effect two years ago, the American people have been saddled with cancelled healthcare plans, higher taxes, and premium increases. On be-half of more than 2.8 million Americans for Prosperity activists in all 50 states, I write in support of the ‘‘Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015’’ (H.R. 3762) because it would relieve the American people of many of ObamaCare’s most significant burdens. 
Americans for Prosperity has consistently 
endorsed many of these reforms in the past in standalone legislation—repealing the mandates on individuals and employers, re-pealing the medical device tax, repealing the tax on high cost employer-sponsored health plans, and repealing the Prevention and Pub-lic Health Fund. Overall, the reforms in-
cluded in this package represent significant steps as we work toward full repeal of the President’s healthcare law. 
The reforms included in this package enjoy 
broad bipartisan support. Earlier this year, 46 House Democrats joined 234 of their Re-
publican colleagues in supporting the stand-alone legislation to repeal the medical de-vice tax (H.R. 160). Current legislation re-pealing the so-called ‘‘Cadillac tax’’ (H.R. 2050) has 146 Democrats and 19 Republicans listed as co-sponsors. Past Congresses ap-proved legislation repealing the ObamaCare Slush Fund (H.R. 1217) and delaying the indi-vidual mandate (H.R. 4015) with bipartisan votes, as well. 
We encourage you to support the reconcili-
ation package when it comes to the floor for a vote. Thank you for your consistent lead-ership on this important issue. 
Sincerely, 
B
RENT GARDNER , 
Vice President of Government Affairs, 
Americans for Prosperity. 
SMALL BUSINESS & ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
COUNCIL , 
Vienna, VA, October 21, 2015. 
Hon. T OMPRICE, 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN PRICE: On behalf of the 
100,000 members of the Small Business & En-trepreneurship Council (SBE Council), I am pleased to support H.R. 3762, the ‘‘Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconcili-ation Act of 2015.’’ 
The Affordable Care Act (ACA), commonly 
referred to as ObamaCare, is raising health insurance costs for small businesses and the self-employed, increasing deductibles on policies, increasing patient’s out-of-pocket exposure, and limiting health care choices. Higher costs and more regulatory hurdles mean less investment and fewer jobs being created by small businesses. 
H.R. 3762 repeals several important provi-
sions of ObamaCare. Among other provi-sions, it would repeal the individual mandate that forces all Americans to buy expensive health insurance; repeals the employer man-date that forces America’s job creators to provide health insurance or pay taxes; re-peals the Cadillac tax on robust health insur-ance plans; repeals the medical device tax that is adversely impacting innovative small companies that dominate the medical device sector; and repeals the Independent Physi-cians Advisory Board (IPAB) that would de-termine medical services for seniors. 
Thank you for your leadership on this 
issue. SBE Council looks forward to working with you to advance H.R. 3762 into law. 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN KERRIGAN , 
President and CEO. 
AMERICANS UNITED FOR LIFEACTION , 
Washington, DC, October 21, 2015. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of Ameri-
cans United for Life Action (AUL Action), the legislative arm of Americans United for Life, the legal architects of the prolife move-ment, I urge you to support continued efforts in the House to defund abortion providers, including Planned Parenthood, by voting for H.R. 3762, the ‘‘Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act.’’ AULA is grateful to House leadership for taking concrete actions to investigate Planned Parenthood in three Committees and now in the Select Committee. Including defunding abortion providers in H.R. 3762 is further evidence of House leadership’s com-mitment to Life, which we urge you to sup-port. 
AUL Action has long called on Congress to 
disentangle the American taxpayer from the Abortion Industry. The video footage re-
cently released by the Center for Medical Progress (CMP) capturing Planned Parent-hood’s top doctors and other personnel dis-cussing its practice of harvesting the body parts of aborted babies in exchange for money has shocked the conscience of the na-tion. Planned Parenthood’s abhorrent and potentially illegal practice uncovered by the CMP is further proof that subsidizing Planned Parenthood is an inappropriate use of taxpayer dollars. 
Planned Parenthood’s Senior Medical Di-
rector, Dr. Deborah Nucatola, discussed in one of the videos how she strategically ‘‘crushes’’ the babies she aborts in order to best harvest their hearts, lungs and livers. These videos shed light for the American people to see Planned Parenthood for what it truly is, the abortion industry that puts profits ahead of anything else. 
The recorded conversations also raise seri-
ous concern that Planned Parenthood may be violating federal fetal tissue trafficking laws, the Partial Birth Abortion Ban—a law that Planned Parenthood’s Dr. Nucatola flip-pantly describes as ‘‘open to interpreta-tion’’—and the federal Born Alive Infant Protection Act. As Americans United for Life has documented, Planned Parenthood’s harvesting of baby body parts is one of a growing list of scandals that should make Planned Parenthood ineligible for the tre-mendous amount of taxpayer dollars it takes in annually. 
In FY 2014, Planned Parenthood reported 
that 40 percent of its nearly $1.3 billion in revenue came at the taxpayers’ expense. A 
report issued by the Government Account-ability Office in March 2015 documented that Planned Parenthood receives half a billion dollars annually from federal and joint fed-eral-state programs. The federal government has a responsibility to the American people to ensure the integrity of these programs. 
Relying on a heavy stream of funding from 
the government, Planned Parenthood oper-ates the largest abortion business in the na-tion. Planned Parenthood clinics perform nearly 900 abortions every single day—327,653 abortions in 2013. According to Planned Par-enthood’s most recent annual report, abor-tions were 94 percent of its pregnancy re-lated services. 
Taxpayers should not be forced to subsidize 
Planned Parenthood’s abortion business. AULA thanks the House for passing impor-tant pieces of legislation including H.R. 3435, the ‘‘Women’s Public Health and Safety Act,’’ sponsored by Rep. Sean Duffy (R–WI). This bill would explicitly permit a state to exclude abortion providers and facilities where abortions are performed from its Med-icaid program. AUL Action scored in favor of this important piece of legislation and urges the Senate to take up the companion piece of legislation, S. 2159, sponsored by Sen. David Vitter (R–LA). 
I hope you will support continued efforts in 
the House to disentangle the taxpayer from the scandal ridden abortion industry by vot-ing for passage of H.R. 3762, the ‘‘Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconcili-ation Act.’’ 
Sincerely, 
C
HARMAINE YOEST, Ph.D., 
President & CEO, Americans United for Life 
Action. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, what the American people have heard and seen today is a real contrast. There is no doubt about it. On the one hand, those of us on this side of the aisle are fighting to protect the American people from the harm that ObamaCare is doing to our healthcare system and to our economy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.014 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7163 October 23, 2015 
On the other hand, most of our 
friends on the other side of the aisle are doing everything that they can to protect a broken status quo. They are defending a law that is contributing to higher healthcare costs, to less access to care, to lower quality of care, and an economy that is leaving too many Americans behind. 
Interestingly enough, many of the 
provisions in the bill that we are talk-ing about today have enjoyed bipar-tisan support in the past. When our Democrat colleagues bemoan the fact that we are actually trying to provide folks relief from the individual man-date or the employer mandate or the punitive taxes on medical innovation and the onerous provisions within ObamaCare, their protestations simply ring hollow. 
I don’t doubt their sincerity. I am 
sure that our friends believe that, with enough Washington bureaucratic engi-neering, they can craft a healthcare system that will effectively serve the American people, despite the evidence that proves otherwise. We fundamen-tally disagree. 
We think a healthcare system that is 
responsive to the needs of patients and families and physicians will not come by way of Washington decree or man-dates or tax penalties. We think that if you want to increase quality, afford-able health care, if you want to im-prove the responsiveness of our system, then you need to trust the American people, trust them to make decisions for themselves and for their families rather than try to force them into some Washington-created definition of care. 
The legislation we have been debat-
ing today will provide strong relief from the most coercive components of the President’s healthcare law. It will pave the way for the sort of patient- centered healthcare reform that we ought to be implementing. In doing so, it will save the American taxpayer $130 billion over the next 10 years by low-ering the amount of deficit spending we see here in Washington, and it will ex-pand economic growth and oppor-tunity. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-
leagues so very, very much. I want to thank the chairs of the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and their committee members. I want to thank my colleagues here in this Chamber for this spirited and impor-tant debate. I look forward to the American people having the oppor-tunity to learn more about who is real-ly fighting to protect and promote the ability of patients and families and doctors to make medical decisions, not Washington, D.C. 
I urge support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3762, the budget reconciliation bill. This bill is little more than a partisan attack on the health coverage for millions of Americans and access to wom-
en’s health care. 
This legislation is the 61st repeal vote on 
the Affordable Care Act, which has succeeded in expanding health coverage to over 17 mil-lion Americans, including nearly 20,000 resi-dents in the 29th District of Texas. 
Included in this legislation is a repeal of the 
Prevention and Public Health Fund, the fed-eral government’s only dedicated investment in prevention and the Nation’s largest single investment in prevention. The Prevention Fund was enacted as part of ACA in response to the overwhelming bipartisan support for pre-vention efforts and recognition of the lack of targeted and sustained federal initiatives to address chronic and costly illnesses. 
This bill would also strip funding for Planned 
Parenthood for 2016. Eliminating federal sup-port for Planned Parenthood would limit or prevent women from accessing important health services such as contraception, cancer screenings, and STI tests and treatment. Women in communities with a shortage of other health care providers who serve low-in-come patients would be the ones most likely to experience barriers to care. 
As the current ranking member of the 
Health Subcommittee that worked endless hours authoring the Affordable Care Act six years ago, I ask my Republican colleagues to offer reasonable proposals to improve ACA. There are areas of the current law that I and many of my Democratic colleagues on this side of the aisle would be willing to consider 
changing. Unfortunately, the bill before the House today is another extreme proposal that would gut the heart out of ACA and take away the health coverage for millions of Americans. 
Mr. Speaker, we will not let that happen. 
ACA has been a success beyond the wishes of its supporters and the most important ex-pansion of health coverage since Medicare and Medicaid while slowing the growth of health care prices in nearly half a century. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against this ex-
treme proposal. President Obama has already said he will veto this bill if it reaches his desk. I promise that his veto will be sustained by Congress. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I request 
that this article from White House Blog enti-tled, ‘‘The Faces of Health Care: Joanne W.’’ regarding the benefits of the Affordable Healthcare Act be submitted. 
Joanne was able to sign up for Medicare at 
66. Her doctor told her there was an advance-ment to Medicare through ACA. After being on disability with no other health insurance, Joanne went in for a free annual wellness check once she had Medicare. At that very check they detected early caratoid artery stenosis—a condition that has no early symptoms, but if not treated can lead to a stroke or cardiac arrest. Because it was de-tected early she was immediately given medication and advice on diet and exercise. ‘‘Who would have thought after all my sup-port for the ACA, my life would be saved by it,’’ she wrote in a letter to the President. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
will vote against H.R. 3762, the Restoring American’s Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act. This legislation is not a serious effort at deficit reduction. Rather it is an assault on the American public by gutting the Affordable Care Act (ACA), and badly undercutting women’s health services. 
The budget reconciliation process is sup-
posed to reduce funding shortfalls, but instead this bill would increase America’s long-term 
deficits. Not only would it take health care away from 16 million Americans, but it would also make our families less safe by eliminating the Prevention and Public Health Fund, a pro-gram that, for example, has helped thousands of adults and teenagers quit smoking, deaths from which cost taxpayers over $100 billion each year. 
This latest repeal effort comes after millions 
of Americans are newly enrolled in health in-surance, many using financial assistance or enrolling in expanded Medicaid programs. In Oregon, over 100,000 individuals have en-rolled using the health exchange marketplace and 75 percent of those Oregonians receive fi-nancial assistance. Over 1 million Oregonians have coverage through the expanded Med-icaid or Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP). This legislation takes away this cov-erage or dramatically increases premiums— undermining important patients’ rights and benefits along the way. 
What’s worse than the substance of this bill 
is the fact that this charade used up precious time that ought to have been used to address real problems. In just a few days, America’s Highway Trust Fund will expire. If Congress rolled up its sleeves and found a solution to pay for America’s crumbling infrastructure, we could put hundreds of thousands of people to work, reduce the deficit, improve the economy, and strengthen the quality of life in commu-nities across America. 
In less than two weeks unless Congress 
acts, America will default on our debt. When we came within one day of default in 2011, Republicans caused serious damage to the U.S. economy. The stock markets were hit hard, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunging 2,000 points in July and August of 2011. Standard & Poor’s, the ratings agency, downgraded the U.S. credit rating. As a result, taxpayers spent $1.3 billion more in interest payments because of the downgrade. In the four years since, due to the GOP’s continued brinksmanship, the S&P has not reversed that downgrade. 
It’s time to act responsibly and deal with dif-
ficult issues by offering real and thoughtful so-lutions. Let’s be clear—this vote, the 61st vote to repeal the ACA, is anything but responsible or thoughtful, and it is reckless in the extreme to hold the entire U.S. economy hostage to fringe economic demands. The Republican party needs to sideline reckless actors and the ideas they present, not bring them to the floor. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 483, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.025 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7164 October 23, 2015 
minute vote on passage of the bill will 
be followed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 240, noes 189, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 568] 
AYES—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—189 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty 
Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meadows Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) 
Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walker Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—5 
Castor (FL) 
Deutch Kelly (IL) 
McNerney Payne 
b1157 
Mr. NADLER changed his vote from 
‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana changed his 
vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
my friend, Mr. M
CCARTHY , the major-
ity leader, for purposes of telling us what the schedule will be for next week. 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Before I get into next week’s sched-
ule, I do want to thank the gentleman for joining me in the Second Congres-sional Hackathon. 
Today’s Hackathon is an opportunity 
to bring people together to envision a modernized Congress. Even as we speak, the congressional community, open government advocates, and code developers from the technology sector are gathered to explore how we can le-verage technology to improve how Con-gress works for the American people. It is a good reminder that, even as we may disagree on many policy issues, we can work together to improve this in-stitution. 
I want to thank the gentleman’s staff 
as well as the Clerk’s office for their work on today’s Hackathon. 
Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House 
will meet at noon for morning-hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning-hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. On Friday, no votes are expected in the House. 
Mr. Speaker, the House will consider 
a number of suspensions next week, in-cluding a necessary short-term exten-sion of the authorities under the high-way trust fund. A complete list of sus-pensions will be announced by close of business today. 
In addition, the House will consider 
H.R. 1090, the Retail Investor Protec-tion Act, sponsored by Representative A
NNWAGNER . This bill provides relief 
from the Department of Labor’s pro-posed rule to redefine ‘‘fiduciary.’’ Once finalized, the Department’s rule will shut out millions of low- and mid-dle-income investors from getting re-tirement savings advice. Instead, our bill will ensure coordination between the Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission to determine whether it is even necessary to estab-lish a uniform standard. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House will 
also need to consider legislation relat-ing to the Nation’s debt limit. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for that information, and I want to join him. He and I both had the opportunity to speak to participants in the Hackathon that is going on as we speak. Mr. Cantor and I were coopera-tive in this effort as well, and Mr. M
CCARTHY and I have continued this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.026 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7165 October 23, 2015 
tradition. Like Mr. M CCARTHY , I be-
lieve this will be of great assistance in moving us forward with technology to make our institution more trans-parent, the people’s business more available to them, and that we will benefit from this in this institution. 
In addition to that, of course, we be-
lieve it will have ramifications beyond this institution as they brainstorm and come together on how technology can be used better in our democracy both in terms of our government and poli-tics, but also in terms of our economy and growth of jobs. 
So I thank the gentleman and his 
staff. 
I want to mention my own staffer, 
Steve Dwyer, who is one of the real tal-ents in my office and, in my opinion, within the House staff, Republican and Democrat, working together on behalf of the better use of technology. 
So I thank my friend for his observa-
tion. 
Mr. Speaker, this week we have had 
two bills that we have spent significant time on that purported to deal both with debt and with deficit reduction, neither of which I think anybody in this House, Republican or Democrat, would place much of a bet on becoming law. They were message bills. We now dealt with legislation to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act for the 61st time, and we dealt with a bill to close down Planned Parenthood, which clearly is not going to happen. Indeed, it should not happen. Ninety-seven percent of what they do is providing health care to women who need healthcare serv-ices. 
So we passed, also, a bill that the 
gentleman, the majority leader, points out we need to do something to extend the debt limit. He is right on that. We do need to do it. But we spent a period of time on a bill called debt prioritization. I call that a charade, Mr. Speaker. I believed it was a cha-rade. I believe that once you don’t pay one of your bills, you have defaulted. Whether or not you prioritize and pay 10 bills that you owe first, get those paid, if you don’t pay the other 10, it is default. But we do need to pass a debt limit extension. We need to pass a clean debt limit extension. We will run out of time on November 3. 
Mr. Speaker, my friend, the majority 
leader, was just talking to Mr. R
YAN, 
who possibly will be the next Speaker of this institution. Mr. R
YAN said, 
when asked a question in 2011, shortly after the Republicans took charge of this House—to be specific, on January 6, 2011—will the debt limit be raised? Does it have to be raised? Mr. R
YANan-
swered yes. 
Even more compellingly, Mr. H EN-
SARLING , one of the most conservative 
Members of this body, said that not raising the debt is not an option. He went on to say: What I do think is, yes, it would be catastrophic to have the Nation default upon its debt. 
H
ENSARLING said that to The Hill on 
April 10, 2011. Mr. Speaker, I believe if we bring a 
clean bill to this floor Tuesday or Wednesday of next week, almost every Democrat will vote for it. Why? Be-cause we agree with J
EBHENSARLING  
not to do so would be catastrophic. It would also be irresponsible and malfea-sance. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the majority lead-
er, who has said that we need to do it, we must do it, can the majority leader tell us when that bill will be brought to the floor? 
I yield to my friend. 
b1215 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
It is one thing to pass the debt limit; 
it is another thing not to deal with the problem and not find a solution. That is why, in this House, we are very proud of the fact, when Republicans took the majority, we had always of-fered a budget that balances. We passed one. The balances were outraising new taxes within the decade. Unfortu-nately, the White House has never found a way to do that. 
As the gentleman mentioned, the 
Secretary has moved the date from reaching the debt limit up to November 3. As I mentioned in the schedule, the House is expected to address this issue next week. There are bipartisan discus-sions that are ongoing, and I will keep Members abreast and advise them as soon as a path forward is determined. 
I am hopeful that we stop kicking 
the can down the road. In our own budgets that balance, we know the debt limit will have to be raised. That is why you quote our Members saying that. We also acknowledge that it has to be solved. That is why we put a bal-anced budget up to pay for it going for-ward. That is why I am hopeful, in these bipartisan discussions, that we start the down payment where we don’t have to worry about raising the debt limit, that we are actually paying off the debt and not leaving this to our children and grandchildren. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, that is a 
nice theory, nice rhetoric. We don’t have an agreement on a number of things the gentleman says. What we do have agreement on, I presume, is that the gentleman, the majority leader from California, wants to see a solvent nation, a nation that pays its bills, a nation that does not create a lack of confidence in our own country and around the world, a nation that does not take hostage either its government by shutting it down or take hostage its creditworthiness by bringing us to the brink, time after time after time, on whether or not we are going to do something that Mr. H
ENSARLING and 
Mr. R YAN and Mr. B OEHNER —I didn’t 
quote him, but I have got a quote here from Mr. B
OEHNER —said that if we 
don’t do, it will have extraordinarily adverse effects on America and on every American. And the answer that I heard, Mr. Speaker, is an answer that, if you don’t do something we want you to do, we may not extend the debt 
limit. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I would ask the 
majority leader, is that his position? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
I hear a lot of things on the floor, but 
I have never heard the things that you just said about me on this floor spoken. 
Mr. HOYER. What is that? Mr. M
CCARTHY. That I would hold 
anything hostage. 
Mr. HOYER. No, I didn’t refer to 
you—— 
Mr. M CCARTHY. So what you heard 
from me—and let me say my own words once again, and I will be very clear about it. I said we will deal with this next week. I also said we are having bi-partisan discussions. I also said, if you want to know the confidence of the world around us with how America deals with it, don’t avoid the issue. Don’t leave this debt for a future gen-eration. 
It is hard for me to believe that the 
entire other side of this aisle wouldn’t want to do something about the debt. It is hard for me to believe that we want to continue just to build it up, that somehow that is a positive experi-ence. 
So don’t play one against the other. 
Why don’t we come together, find a way to raise it, but find a way that we don’t continue to add to it. Because I will tell you, as I go across the coun-try, it is not Republicans or Democrats who say that. It is all Americans who say that because they have to deal with that in their own house. 
I am not going to say you said some-
thing different than the words you used, and the only thing I would ask is that you do the same for me. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the majority leader’s admonition, but the government was shut down be-cause we wouldn’t repeal the Afford-able Care Act. In other words, the gov-ernment was taken hostage because we wouldn’t repeal the Affordable Care Act. We came very close, with 167 Re-publicans to do so, to shutting down the Department of Homeland Security. Now, Mr. M
CCARTHY voted to keep it 
open, Speaker B OEHNER voted to keep 
it open, and Mr. S CALISE voted to keep 
it open. But only 72 colleagues of theirs on the Republican side joined them. 
So I do not refer to Mr. M
CCARTHY  
personally, but the strategy seems to be that we won’t do something that ev-erybody in this body ought to believe needs to be done, and that is to ensure that America remains a creditworthy nation, unless we do something that, frankly, I don’t think, Mr. Speaker, my Republican colleagues have pursued too diligently; because over the last Congresses that they have been in charge, they put bills on this floor that have cut revenues by over half a tril-lion dollars without paying for it. Pre-sumably my children, my grand-children, and my great-grandchildren will have to pay that debt. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.028 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7166 October 23, 2015 
So this is not about tradeoffs. This is 
about making sure that our Nation re-mains solvent, responsible, and credit-worthy. And, indeed, because the rest of the world relies on the value and stability of the dollar to value its prod-ucts, its currency, it will affect the whole world. 
So I am pleased to hear that the ma-
jority tells me that it needs to be on the floor. But I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, I have been, for 2
1⁄2months, 
urging us to do what the majority lead-er now says we need to do: get to an agreement. 
They passed a budget; he is correct. 
It implemented sequester. They didn’t follow it. And 102 Republicans have said they won’t vote for a CR that fol-lows the sequester because they want to increase defense, because they think sequester will hurt defense if it is fol-lowed. And, in fact, when the bill came to the floor, they didn’t follow their se-quester. They used OCO, which, by the way, does not score, but it is real money and exacerbates the deficit. 
So when you are talking about alter-
natives, the alternative is not just about whether we invest in our na-tional security by investing in defense. We need to do that, and I, for 35 years, have been a strong supporter of that. I also believe that we need to invest in our highways if we are going to do an-other temporary, because we have not, in 90 days, been able to come to grips. The gentleman talks about coming to grips with alternatives. We are going to do another short-term highway ex-tension bill. Why? Because the major-ity party hasn’t figured out how to pay for it. 
And the debt limit may be on the 
floor, but what I hear, Mr. Speaker, is it may be on the floor if something else happens. Well, I hope something else happens. I hope we get a longer term funding agreement. But very frankly, Mr. Speaker, we have got six appro-priation bills that haven’t even been brought to this floor, and there is no constraint on the Republicans bringing it to the floor. They are in charge, Mr. Speaker. But half of the appropriation bills that were the responsibility of this House to pass have not been brought to the floor. 
And, Mr. Speaker, they say, well, the 
Senate hasn’t been passing them. Well, we are not in charge of the Senate. We are responsible for actions on this floor. And one of our responsibilities, Mr. Speaker, is to pass a debt limit ex-tension. 
And I understand, Mr. Speaker, that 
the majority leader said that there aren’t 30 votes or 40 votes on each side of the aisle to pass a clean debt limit extension. Mr. Speaker, I find that in-credibly hard to believe because, as Mr. H
ENSARLING said, if we don’t do that, it 
will have a catastrophic consequence on the country and on the inter-national community. 
I hope, Mr. Speaker, that the leader 
is right, that we bring a bill to the floor unrelated to disagreements. Some legitimate, most legitimate differences 
we have between us, we will have to work them out. But in that process, we ought not to put the credit of the United States at risk. We ought not to put individual American consumers at risk of having their interest rate raised because we couldn’t pass a debt limit extension. We ought to act responsibly, Mr. Speaker. 
I hope the leader is right. I hope this 
bill comes to the floor. I hope it is clean, so that it will not be weighted down by political controversies that are so self-evidently existing in this body for all the American people. 
We have got a Speaker who is resign-
ing, couldn’t fill the Speakership. You may now fill it maybe next week, maybe as early as next week, but this body has not been functioning effec-tively. Let us not risk the credit of the United States and international sta-bility. Let’s bring a clean debt limit extension to this floor, and, hopefully, all of us will vote for a solvent nation. 
There is no deal on that. I presume 
that every Member of this body wants a solvent nation. Let us hope, Mr. Speaker, that we summon our responsi-bility and our duty to this country and our constituents to get that done. 
I yield to my friend. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
$154,161—$154,161—that is the respon-
sibility of every single American based upon the debt that we have right now of $18 trillion. My friend on the other side of the aisle thinks it is un-Amer-ican that we do anything about that, that the only road we should follow is just raise it and keep adding to it, that somehow that will build confidence in this country, somehow that will give more opportunity to future genera-tions, by bringing a debt limit bill to the floor that raises the debt limit but starts changing the trajectory of where it is going is wrong. 
That is what is wrong with Congress 
because, I will tell you, I don’t hear that anywhere across America. I don’t have my phones lighting up, saying: ‘‘Just keep raising the debt and do nothing about it.’’ It is the complete opposite. And I don’t think the gen-tleman gets any different calls than I do. 
My words were the House is expected 
to address this issue next week. Now, we play politics with a lot of stuff in here, but I am tired of that. I could play any amount of games that you want to play. I can sit here and I can quote H
ARRY REIDon the other side of 
the aisle, and S CHUMER , a good deal, to 
make sure no appropriation bill went through and then blame the Repub-licans. They talk to the White House, and it is all in the papers. It is a whole strategy. They have a title for it. It is the ‘‘Summer of Destruction.’’ 
But do you know what, count me out 
of that. Put me in the column that I want to start talking about the ways we find solutions. I will be the first one who comes to the table and tells you I know I am not going to get everything 
I want. 
I want to lay one goal out for you. I 
want a debt limit that gets raised but does something about the debt, and I don’t think that is wrong, and I don’t think I am causing problems. I think I am giving more opportunity. 
I don’t want to be in the category 
that sits and lays blame on everybody else. I haven’t been here very long; but the short term I am here, I want to make a difference. I am not going to blame others for the past, but the one thing I can do is change the future. So put me in that column, and I will be at any table that other people across the aisle want to be with me. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, it is hard 
to answer that presentation because, in my view, it conflates two issues. 
I have been on this floor willing to 
deal with the other side on a regular basis to bring down our debt and to apply discipline. Part of applying dis-cipline is paying for what you buy. And the gentleman is right; we had PAYGO. But when the Republican side of the aisle took over, they negated that; and they negated it specifically for tax cuts because, I suppose, they believe they will pay for themselves. 
b1230 
I have been here for a longer time 
than Mr. M
CCARTHY , Mr. Speaker. In 
1981, they did that, and we increased the deficit under Mr. Reagan by 189 percent. We could have dealt with it then. Then we had a commission that was called Simpson-Bowles, which tried to deal with what the gentleman is talking about, and all three Repub-lican Members from the House of Rep-resentatives voted ‘‘no’’ on it. Why? Because it asked us to pay for what we bought. 
So, Mr. Speaker, talking about A 
when you need to do B is a way of not dealing with B. Do we need to deal with the debt? We absolutely do, and the bills that are supposed to do that, as I just indicated, have not been brought to the floor. They represented seques-ter. The gentleman, apparently, is for sequester. I am not for sequester, al-though the gentleman would say, ‘‘Oh. Well, it is your party which instituted sequester,’’ which is not right. 
Mr. Speaker, we need to do a debt 
limit extension, and we need to reduce the debt of this country. It will be hard to do the latter. It ought to be easy to do the former. It will require courage to do the latter; but when Mr. Camp, the former chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, brought a tax re-form bill to the table, it was dismissed out of hand by his Republican col-leagues in the last Congress. Why? Be-cause he paid for it. Dismissed out of hand. Never brought to this floor. 
Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, I am just 
very hopeful that, in fact, we will do the only responsible thing we can do at this late date. Remember, Mr. Speaker, for 2
1⁄2months, I have been asking that 
we have a way forward. The Republican 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.030 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7167 October 23, 2015 
Party, Mr. Speaker, has been some-
what distracted. I understand that. Hopefully, we will get a way forward and a responsible way forward; but we only have 5 days to do this debt limit, and let us not take an action which is catastrophic, which is what J
EBHEN-
SARLING said it would be if we don’t 
adopt it. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, OC-
TOBER 23, 2015, TO MONDAY, OC-TOBER 26, 2015 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, October 26, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morning- hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
ARDY ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Cali-fornia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
NATIONAL FOREST PRODUCTS 
WEEK 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recogni-tion of National Forest Products Week and in support of our Nation’s for-esters, our timber producers, our re-searchers, and the forest products in-dustry as a whole. 
Pennsylvania, of course, derives its 
name from ‘‘Penn’s Woods,’’ and as his-tory shows us, our forests have played a central role in the building of this country. Today, the Commonwealth has 16.7 million acres of forest land, 70 percent of which is privately owned and managed. The forest products in-dustry in Pennsylvania employs 10 per-cent of our State’s workforce; and ac-cording to the Pennsylvania Forest Products Association, it generates ap-proximately $5.5 billion annually. 
While Pennsylvania is well known for 
its high-quality hardwoods, the forest products industry also plays a funda-mental role in actively managing our forests. Active management is essen-tial in order to foster healthy lands as well as economically healthy commu-nities. 
As chairman of the House Agri-
culture Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry, I am proud to join sev-eral of my colleagues in the House to recognize National Forest Products Week; and as the Representative of Pennsylvania’s Fifth District, I will continue to advocate for policies which maintain our forests so that they can power our economy and create family- sustaining jobs for decades to come. PLANNED PARENTHOOD, A PRE-
MIER HEALTHCARE ORGANIZA-TION 
(Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, here we go again. 
Today, we saw the Republicans’ lat-
est attempt to punish Planned Parent-hood, one of the Nation’s premier healthcare organizations, only because it provides an array of services, includ-ing legal abortions. 
Mr. Speaker, at some time in her 
lifetime, one in five American women is going to turn to Planned Parent-hood. In fact, Planned Parenthood pro-vides 400,000 Pap smears, 500,000 breast exams, 4.5 million STD tests, and pre-vents 500,000 unwanted pregnancies each year. 
This Chamber’s latest fiasco would 
leave millions of women with no place to go for basic preventative healthcare services. 
Mr. Speaker, I am sad to say that the 
Republicans are more obsessed with the uteruses of American women than of the real issues facing us today. 
f 
IN HONOR OF AIRMAN 1ST CLASS 
KCEY RUIZ 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to remember a brave young airman who lost her life in defending our great Nation. 
Airman 1st Class Kcey Ruiz of 
McDonough, Georgia, was killed on Oc-tober 2 when her C–130J crashed in Af-ghanistan. Kcey was only 21 years old. 
A graduate of Dutchtown High 
School, Ms. Ruiz had an opportunity to learn about healthcare sciences. Her admiration of health care influenced her decision to become a nurse. 
Ms. Ruiz’ desire to serve others led 
her to enlist in the United States Air Force. After graduating basic training, Ms. Ruiz was assigned to the 66th Secu-rity Forces Squadron at Hanscom Air Force Base. Upon her deployment to Afghanistan, she often spoke of how privileged and how proud she was to be doing such important work. 
Kcey Ruiz was a fierce competitor, a 
natural leader, a beloved daughter, a courageous airman, and an incredible role model. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join with me in remembering a true American hero, Airman 1st Class Kcey Ruiz. 
f 
TIMBER 2.0 
(Mr. KILMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, folks in 
the rural communities of my region don’t want our top export to be our 
kids. With that in mind, we are work-ing to make sure that the timber in-dustry can grow in a way that doesn’t put conservation at odds with job cre-ation. 
Earlier this week, I joined a summit 
on the Olympic Peninsula to talk about and strategize with regard to cross-laminated timber and other mass timber products. As local businesses and government and community lead-ers, we discussed how these mass tim-ber products can utilize an abundant and sustainable resource while building on a workforce and infrastructure that set our region apart and can give the Nation greener buildings. Construction sites around the country could soon use sturdy, innovative, renewable wood products that are grown and manufac-tured on the Olympic Peninsula. 
As Agriculture Secretary Tom 
Vilsack said at a sawmill in Aberdeen recently: ‘‘This is how we’ve got to do business. Working together and finding common ground is the only way for-ward.’’ 
In working together, we can develop 
timber 2.0, innovate, and build opportu-nities in rural communities and make sure that Washington State leads the way. 
f 
HONOR OUR FALLEN HEROES ACT 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
announce the introduction of the Honor Our Fallen Heroes Act, which came about thanks to the hard work of one of my constituents, Pam Rogers of Exeter, New Hampshire. 
Pam contacted me through my We 
the People initiative, which is a plat-form for concerned citizens to offer leg-islative ideas. Pam sought to bury, with the full recognition he deserves, an ancestor who fought in the Civil War. 
Pam discovered that Private Samuel 
Zortman died at the age of 21 in a Con-federate prison camp. Conditions were brutal. He died of starvation. His cap-tors buried him in a mass grave and has since been moved to a national cemetery in South Carolina. An empty tomb near his hometown in Pennsyl-vania memorializes Private Zortman; but despite ample evidence of his serv-ice and death as a POW, the Veterans Health Administration cannot award him a headstone at a U.S. military cemetery. 
My bill clears up this technicality so 
that Pam and her family can finally lay to rest one of their own with full honors. The bill she helped produce would bring comfort to more like her. Our commitment to those who have bravely served our Nation should never end. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.032 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7168 October 23, 2015 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 1151 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to withdraw my name as a cosponsor of H.R. 1151. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
f 
STEVE, THIS SONG IS FOR YOU 
(Mr. SCHIFF asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Congressman S
TEVE ISRAEL and his beloved New 
York Mets after they defeated the Los Angeles Dodgers last week—and I will have no interest in extending my re-marks. I lost a bet with Congressman I
SRAEL . 
So now, Steve, this song is for you: 
Meet the Mets, Meet the Mets, Step right up and greet the Mets. Bring your kiddies, Bring your wife, Guaranteed to have the time of your life; Because the Mets are really sockin’ the ball, Knocking those home runs over the wall. East side, west side, everybody’s coming 
down, 
To meet the M-E-T-S, Mets of New York 
town. 
Mr. Speaker, please tell me my time 
has expired. 
I don’t want to give the impression I 
am not happy for the Mets. I am, real-ly. I say: Thank God the Mets are going to the World Series—and not the Yankees. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF TOTI 
MENDEZ 
(Mr. CURBELO of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, today, I rise in remembrance of Ramiro ‘‘Toti’’ Mendez, who tragically passed away 15 years ago. 
Toti was an accomplished baseball 
player. While at Westminster Christian School in 1998, he was the Miami-Dade County Player of the Year. He was sit-ting out the season as a medical red-shirt at Florida International Univer-sity when he suddenly and heartbreakingly passed away from viral cardiomyopathy, which is an in-flammatory disease of the heart mus-cle. It was a tragedy that came so un-expectedly for family and friends, in-cluding me. Toti was just 20 years old, with a bright future ahead of him. 
New developments in the diagnosis 
and treatment of patients suspected of having this condition are starting to be utilized, but the early detection of car-diac issues is imperative to saving lives. 
Earlier this week, I had the honor of 
participating in the dedication of the Toti Mendez Cardiopulmonary Diag-nostic Suite at Florida International 
University. This facility will give med-ical students an opportunity to en-hance the art of auscultation, allowing for cardiac abnormalities to be de-tected sooner. I am proud that FIU is honoring Toti’s legacy with the open-ing of this important facility. 
I also want to recognize the work of 
Toti’s mother, Maruchi Mendez, to bring awareness to this very important issue through the establishment of a scholarship fund and a foundation in honor of her son, who was beloved by every single person who knew him. 
f 
HEAD START’S 50TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
(Ms. D ELAURO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
recognition of our Nation’s flagship program for young children: Head Start. October is National Head Start Awareness Month, and 2015 marks 50 years since the program’s founding. 
President Lyndon Johnson said Head 
Start would open up ‘‘a new war front on poverty . . . to make certain that poverty’s children would not be for-evermore poverty’s captives.’’ 
I have the honor of counting the fa-
ther of Head Start, Edward Zigler, among my constituents. When Pro-fessor Zigler recently went for surgery at the Yale-New Haven Hospital, he discovered that his anesthetist, Dr. John Paul Kim, was a Head Start alumnus. Dr. Kim credited his success in life directly to Head Start, and he is not alone. 
Research proves that Head Start 
graduates are less likely to be held back a grade or to get into trouble with the law and are more likely to go on to college and professional careers. 
But our work is not yet done. Head 
Start currently only has the resources to reach 4 in 10 eligible students. If we are serious about helping children thrive, we must meet this demand. 
f 
b1245 
PINE KNOB ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
(Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to share the achieve-ments of a school in my district, Pine Knob Elementary School, in Clarkston, Michigan. 
For generations, Americans have 
held on to the longstanding belief that their children’s future should be better than their own, and the key to a brighter future starts with the best education possible. 
Pine Knob Elementary School em-
braces that vision by setting their stu-dents on a path to success early on in the educational experience. Teachers and faculty are focused on emphasizing personal growth in addition to excel-
ling in numerous areas. They encour-age students to think outside the box and be kind to one another all along through the process. 
Their mentorship goes beyond the 
classroom where teachers assist with a variety of clubs and activities that their students participate in after school. In addition to student council or the broadcast news, kids can join a computer coding club where they can learn to write programs. It is popular choice among students today and, obvi-ously, a highly sought-after skill in to-day’s workforce. 
Above all, these students love learn-
ing. The results are in the 96 percent attendance rate their school has held for several years. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to see Pine 
Knob Elementary School become one 
of the 335 schools in the country to earn a Blue Ribbon Award this year, a highly regarded symbol of excellence. 
I applaud their effort, and I wish 
their school many more years of suc-cess. 
f 
WEEK IN REVIEW 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
some of the good news this week is my introduction, with 16 original cospon-sors, of H. Res. 489, congratulating Texas Southern University for 88 years. TSU is celebrating their 88 years at their homecoming this weekend. 
TSU is a school that has graduated 
not only Barbara Jordan and Mickey Leland, but tens upon tens of great NFL football players. Tonight we will honor TSU. I pay tribute to Texas Southern University by introducing H. Res. 489. 
Unfortunately, there are some bad 
things that have happened. Let me cite H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act, that cuts $278.2 billion in discre-tionary funding that would help many of our children and education and the environment and health care and, as well, providing, if you will, the cuts in the Affordable Care Act. I like the idea of the Cadillac tax provision, but that is not the basis of the bill. H.R. 3762 is a bad bill. 
Then, of course, there were 11 hours 
of testimony. What did we find in the Benghazi hearing? We found that Sec-retary Clinton could, in fact, present the facts to the American people and be transparent as we knew; but we found no new facts, no smoking gun. It is time to end the Benghazi hearings and committee. 
f 
OBAMACARE AND RECONCILIATION 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, after 2 
years, the full impact of ObamaCare on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.034 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7169 October 23, 2015 
rural areas is clear: higher costs, fewer 
hospitals, fewer insurance options, and fewer doctors. 
Insurance premiums in rural north-
ern California average 25 percent more than in southern California, and the re-gion will be hit with premium in-creases of an additional 29 percent this year. About 50 rural hospitals across America have closed, and over 280 more are now on the brink of closure. 
Finally, in much of my district, cost-
ly ObamaCare mandates have left my constituents with just one option for insurance, a plan that many doctors in the region won’t even accept. 
Mr. Speaker, the debate is over. 
ObamaCare is destroying the ability of rural Americans to receive and afford health care. Along with the EPA, unmanaged or closed-off Federal lands, it looks like the President has a war on rural America. 
It is high time that we end this failed 
law and focus on meeting the needs of those with preexisting conditions and those without health care, not simply increasing cost to those who already have insurance. 
The budget reconciliation that just 
passed today will need only 51 Senate votes. It will help rural America on the ACA by opening up more options to people for their health care. It will re-peal the ACA taxes and individual em-ployer mandates, which, again, will help give more options to rural Amer-ica, and it will defund Planned Parent-hood, which many people are demand-ing. Indeed, this is a big step for good and responsible healthcare choices. 
f 
LET’S GO, NEW YORK METS 
(Mr. ENGEL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, baseball 
has often been called the national pas-time, and those of us in New York have watched this past week with pride as the New York Mets have advanced to the World Series, representing the Na-tional League. 
I have watched those players play as 
a team, and they have worked really, really hard. Perhaps we in the Congress can learn a little bit from them, that teamwork is possible and that we need all of us to pull together to move ahead. 
I am going to be at the World Series. 
I am going to really enjoy watching the New York Mets win. I am going to really enjoy the young players. 
I want to congratulate the owner-
ship, Fred and Jeff Wilpon and Saul Katz. I want to congratulate all of the great players of the Mets, from Daniel Murphy to David Wright, to Yoenis Cespedes, and the great young pitching of deGrom and Harvey and Syndergaard. They really, really make us proud. 
I just want to sum up this 1 minute 
in three little words: Let’s go, Mets. LONG-TERM HIGHWAY BILL 
(Mr. HARDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, today I 
stand to recognize an important step that took place this week. Yesterday the House Transportation and Infra-structure Committee, a committee I have the privilege to serve on, marked up and passed a long-term highway bill. 
Included in that multiyear bill that 
authorizes the transportation needs of our Nation is a vital designation for the State of Nevada. With my assist-ance, this highway bill contained the designation of Interstate 11, which will run from the city of Las Vegas north along the I–95 corridor up to I–80. This designation is the next step in advanc-ing the Intermountain West corridor, which is crucial for my State, all west-ern States, and this country. 
As the vice chairman of the High-
ways and Transit Subcommittee, I am proud to have worked with my col-leagues to help make sure that the peo-ple in Nevada gain this instrumental project. The future of I–11 is growing. Jobs are on the horizon. 
f 
DEBT CEILING 
(Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, on 
November 3, our Treasury Department has informed us that we are going to begin to default on payment obliga-tions that the United States Govern-ment has already entered into. 
So let’s be clear. We are talking 
about obligations that this House made, the President has signed, and that we have obligated ourselves to pay. 
This default would be the first time 
ever. It is going to damage our credit. It is going to increase our borrowing cost. It is going to damage our econ-omy. It is really going to damage the welfare of millions of our constituents. 
These are financial obligations that 
the Congress has already entered into and agreed to pay. We put the name of the United States behind these com-mitments. These are our bills. We need to pay them. 
We should not be playing political 
brinksmanship with the future of the United States economy, but this is where some in the majority have brought us to once again. 
f 
MISSOURI’S FOREST PRODUCTS 
(Mr. SMITH of Missouri asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to celebrate National For-est Products Week. 
Forest products provide more than 
60,000 jobs and inject more than $9 bil-lion in Missouri’s economy. In south-
east and south central Missouri, we produce everything from charcoal, lumber, wood flooring, whiskey and wine barrels, pallets, telephone poles, railroad ties, gunstocks, and much, much more. 
The number one obstacle to expand-
ing in Missouri is the availability of timber. Folks cannot get enough wood to make more products and employ more people. 
At the same time, we have trees 
dying in the Mark Twain National For-est faster than the government will allow industry to cut them down. Each year 50 million board feet of timber, with an estimated value of nearly $5 million, dies in the Mark Twain Na-tional Forest. Instead of being har-vested, this timber is wasted and be-comes a fire hazard. 
We have increased the amount of the 
timber harvest at Mark Twain Na-tional Forest from 38 to 50 million board feet recently, but we can do much better. Better forest manage-ment is good for the forest and will put people back to work. 
f 
YOUTH JUSTICE AWARENESS 
MONTH 
(Mr. CA ´RDENAS asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, did 
you know that a child in the United States can go to jail just for skipping school or running away from an abu-sive home? 
Did you know that the United States 
is the only country in the world that locks up kids for life without the possi-bility of parole, when nearly three in ten of those kids did not actually com-mit the crime and may not have been there at the time that someone was hurt? 
For years we have been funding a ju-
venile justice system that is robbing children of their future and wasting billions of taxpayer dollars every year. 
Today experts, academics, police de-
partments, police chiefs, and sheriffs agree that we must change that sys-tem. 
President Obama designated October 
as Youth Justice Awareness Month be-cause it is time to stop wasting billions of dollars on a system that doesn’t make our communities safer and is de-stroying a generation of our children. 
This week I introduced two bills to 
make sure kids don’t get put in jail for dumb reasons and to fund evidence- based intervention and prevention pro-grams. 
We must do better. We must not give 
up on our children. 
f 
PAKISTAN’S ACTIONS 
(Mr. ROHRABACHER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.035 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7170 October 23, 2015 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, 
we are in the process of deciding the defense authorization legislation that will determine how much we spend for our security. Yet, this bill, what we are talking about, includes tens of mil-lions, if not hundreds of millions, of dollars for Pakistan. 
Pakistan is a country that represses 
its own people, the Baloch people. We give Pakistan military assistance to fight radical Islam, and they use that money to kill the people of Balochistan and their own Sindhis population. They use that money to destabilize Afghani-stan. 
We all remember, of course, that this 
is the same country, Pakistan, that provided safe haven for Obama bin Laden for years, and now, when bin Laden was identified by Dr. Afridi, a courageous Pakistani, the Pakistan Government has him in a dungeon and we are doing nothing to help him. 
Why are we acting so stupidly? The 
Pakistanis are even giving their re-sources off to Communist China, the Port of Gwadar. 
Pakistan is not our friend when they 
act like this. We need to put our foot down and say: If you are going to act in a hostile way, Pakistan, you are not going to receive 1 red cent of American tax dollars. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
THE SELECT INVESTIGATIVE PANEL OF THE COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
ARDY ). The Chair announces the 
Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to section 2(a) of House Resolution 461, 114th Congress, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the fol-lowing Members to the Select Inves-tigative Panel of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce: 
Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Tennessee, Chair 
Mr. P ITTS, Pennsylvania 
Mrs. B LACK , Tennessee 
Mr. B UCSHON , Indiana 
Mr. D UFFY , Wisconsin 
Mr. H ARRIS , Maryland 
Mrs. H ARTZLER , Missouri 
Mrs. L OVE, Utah 
f 
CRITICAL ISSUES FACING THE 
AMERICAN PEOPLE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) 
for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it has 
been an interesting day and an inter-esting week. I was in here listening to the colloquy between Majority Leader M
CCARTHY and the minority whip. 
I had heard my good friend, a very in-
telligent, clever, witty friend from Maryland, Mr. H
OYER , indicate that 
Republicans bring us to the brink time and time again, talking about, I guess, the debt ceiling. 
Sometimes it is just good to stop 
from the rhetoric here and the lines like ‘‘bringing us to the brink,’’ and it 
is really good to look at what the his-tory of the situation is. 
b1300 
Until Newt Gingrich led with the 
Contract With America, Republicans recaptured the majority in the House and Senate, for the first time in 40 years, the Democrats kept bringing us to the brink. It didn’t matter who was in the White House. The Democratic Congress kept bringing us to the brink, spending more and more money. 
We thought it was a great deal of 
money. They kept bringing us to the brink. It seemed so irresponsible not to be interested in trying to have a more balanced budget. There would be people like Phil Gramm, with the Gramm- Rudman law, that tried to force a bal-ancing. 
In fact, I know the President will 
probably in weeks to come continue the mistaken rhetoric. He is such a nice guy, but he is so often mistaken or whoever puts those mistakes in his teleprompter. 
But the fact is that, repeatedly, this 
requirement that Congress raise the debt ceiling if more debt is to be in-curred has been used as a vehicle to get laws passed that tried to rein in the ir-responsible spending that has been going on for many decades. 
I believe it was Morgenthau, Frank-
lin Roosevelt’s Secretary of Treasury, who wrote in 1940: After 8 years, we have spent more money than anyone ever in history, and we have nothing to show for it but more debt. That was quite an admission, that the New Deal was a total failure, and it actually was. 
It wasn’t until World War II actually 
ended the Depression in America that we came out of the Great Depression. It was certainly none of the socialist policies that the United States began engaging in. 
I know just since I have been here in 
January of 2005, in 2006, as I recall, we were having debate. Republicans were in the majority. My friends, Mr. Speak-er, on the Democratic side of the room over here were repeatedly making the point about how irresponsible it was for Republicans to be spending—I think at the time it was around $160 billion— more than we were bringing in to the Federal Treasury. 
I agreed. Actually, we should have 
balanced the budget back in 2005 and 2006. We were only $160 billion, at one point, away from doing that. 
I think that was part of the reason 
the Democrats continued beating up on Republicans for overspending what was coming in, $160 billion or so. 
Little would I ever dream that, after 
being pummeled verbally by my Demo-cratic friends, as a Republican spend-ing $160 billion more or so than we had coming in, that those same friends would do the unthinkable and increase that debt in one year more than 10 times the $160 billion. 
You would have thought that perhaps 
they would remember some of those things they used to say with such vit-
riol right here on the House floor about how spending more than $160 billion more than we were taking in was so ir-responsible. 
You would have thought they might 
have remembered some of those be-cause, when you say one thing one year and then you get the majority and you are 10 times worse than what you ac-cused the other side of—more than 10 times worse—some people feel a little sensitive. 
We have to be careful because we cer-
tainly don’t want to violate the House rules on what we say here. But, you know, some people feel guilty when they accuse somebody else of doing something they are 10 times more guilty of. 
But, apparently, that guilt didn’t 
exist. If it did, it was short lived and didn’t prevent even my friend from Maryland from coming to the floor today and again launching the inappro-priate statement that it is Republicans that keep bringing us to the brink. 
I realize that it was our own Speaker 
that went on the Jay Leno show and said that Republicans shut down the government, but, you know, sometimes he is engaged in activity that keeps him from realizing exactly what is going on. 
But if you go back and look at the 
actual R
ECORD , September 29, Sep-
tember 30 of 2013, the record is very clear. There was one party in Congress that was trying to be responsible, that was trying to rein in spending, that was trying not to shut the government down, was compromising against our-selves repeatedly, and it was the Re-publican Party. 
We didn’t get a lot of help across the 
aisle. In fact, what we had from the other end of the hall here, from Major-ity Leader R
EID, was an all-out effort 
to shut down the government. And that is a fact as to who shut down the gov-ernment. If anyone bothers to go look, yes, you will see we had a spending bill that gave H
ARRY REIDeverything he 
and the President wanted plus some. 
It was hard for a guy like me to vote 
for that. But, yes, in the initial bill, we defunded ObamaCare. Why wouldn’t we? We know. We hear from constitu-ents how bad that is, how they have lost their insurance, lost their doctor, they can’t get the medicine they did before. Instead of paying $105 now they are paying $100 for prescriptions. We are hearing all those things. So why wouldn’t we vote to do what we believe is best for our constituents? We did. 
We voted to fund everything they 
wanted plus some, but defund ObamaCare. Yes, that is what we passed first. H
ARRY REIDwould not 
bring it to the floor for a vote. So we compromised against ourselves because there was no negotiating. 
I believe—and, Mr. Speaker, this is 
just my thought—it sure seemed there was plenty of evidence to show that H
ARRY REIDbelieved the conventional 
wisdom here in Washington, that if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.037 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7171 October 23, 2015 
there were a shutdown of the govern-
ment, no matter who did it, no matter that the Democrats themselves did ev-erything they could to shut the govern-ment down, it wouldn’t matter because their friends in the mainstream media would blame the Republicans. 
Who knew we would have a Repub-
lican Speaker that didn’t know the fact and would say, yeah, Republicans shut it down, but they knew the main-stream media would blame Repub-licans. And they needed a shutdown be-cause the conventional wisdom here in Washington at the time—still is—if there is a shutdown, then mainstream media blames Republicans and then the Democrats get the majority back in the House or, if they didn’t have it, as they don’t have it now, they get it back in the Senate. So they have been wanting a shutdown. 
You can go back to, I think, March of 
2011. H
ARRY REIDwould not yield at all 
when we got down to a midnight dead-line, and our Speaker came in and basi-cally caved just a few months after we took the majority in March of 2011 and said we have got to avoid a shutdown at all costs. 
So around 10:30, 11:00, Republicans 
completely caved and gave H
ARRY REID 
what he wanted because he wanted a shutdown. You could say that is bring-ing us to the brink for political pur-poses. That is exactly what it is. 
So we came back, and we bet against 
ourselves. We passed a bill that gave H
ARRY REID everything he and the 
President wanted plus some, but we put in a provision, not the complete defunding of ObamaCare, but just sus-pending it for a year. 
I frankly thought that, because there 
were Democrats on the ropes in the Senate, if they wouldn’t even vote on that or voted against it, they would lose their seats. 
I bet you could find some Senators 
who lost their seats in that next elec-tion that wish they had taken that vote and voted to postpone ObamaCare for a year. They probably would have kept their seats. But they didn’t. They didn’t even get to vote on that bill on the Senate floor. 
I thought it was unwise. Having ne-
gotiated big deals back in Texas, I thought it was unwise to bet against ourselves yet again when the Senate would not even engage in any kind of compromise. They wanted a shutdown. But, no, we had another vote. 
We said: Okay, H
ARRY REID. We will 
give you everything you want, Presi-dent Obama everything he wants, plus a little bit. But since the President suspended the employer mandate ille-gally, unconstitutionally, for a year, how about if we suspend the individual mandate for a year? That was not al-lowed to come to the floor for a vote. 
Even though we were doing every-
thing we could to keep the government going, H
ARRY REIDwanted a shutdown, 
would not allow a vote. I thought, at 1:10 a.m., when our leadership came here to the floor on October 1 and asked us to vote for folks to be con-
ferees that would work all night and avoid a shutdown by 8 a.m., capitulate where they have to, but get a deal done, that it was really capitulation and that H
ARRY REIDwould be crazy 
not to go ahead and appoint Senate conferees so they could have a deal by 8 a.m., the country would never realize there was even an 8-hour shutdown. But H
ARRY REIDwould not even allow 
the Senate to vote to have conferees to work out a deal by 8 a.m. He didn’t. 
So H
ARRY REIDforced the shutdown, 
no doubt with encouragement of the President. Sure enough, the main-stream media blamed Republicans. That cost Republicans tremendously in the election the following year. Oh, wait. No, it didn’t, actually. 
The American people actually, I 
think, ended up appreciating that Re-publicans were standing for the idea that we are on the brink because of all the decades of overspending, except for that little interlude in the 1990s when the Republicans took the majority here in Congress. 
As part of their Contract With Amer-
ica, they became very responsible, and they pushed through budgets that Bill Clinton didn’t want to sign, but even-tually took credit for, that actually brought the budget into alignment. Other than that, Democrats have brought us to the brink repeatedly, and H
ARRY REIDand President Obama con-
tinue to do that. 
So who would have ever dreamed in 
2006 that here in 2015 we would have Democrats crowing over the fact that: Gee, we may get our deficit in 1 year down to $400 billion, $500 billion. Wow, won’t that be great? Because, once again, their memories have not allowed them to accuse themselves back during those days when they were blaming Re-publicans for running up a $160 billion or so deficit in one year. 
Now, my friend from Maryland also 
pointed out that Dave Camp had a tax reform bill, and in his words it was dis-missed out of hand because it was not paid for. My friend, Mr. H
OYER , is such 
a smart guy. I admire him. I love talk-ing to him. He has got a great sense of humor. But he is wrong on that. It hap-pens. He is wrong. 
It was not dismissed out of hand be-
cause it was not paid for. It was dis-missed out of hand because it was not a significant enough reform in the right direction of what we need: a com-plete simplification of the Tax Code that so many of us are asking for. 
I like a flat tax. Others like a fair 
tax. I sure can see their point. It has got some good points. But let’s have that debate. Throw out the Internal Revenue Code. Throw out the tens of thousands of pages that have been added in interpretation and regulation. Let’s have something that Americans can simply fill out easily where they 
don’t even need an accountant, some-thing like a flat tax: the more you make, the more you pay. 
Dave Camp’s tax reform bill—and I 
just love the guy. He is a fine Amer-ican. We were so thrilled when he was 
able to beat back the cancer that over-took him. He is a great guy. He worked hard. 
But, in my estimation, his problem 
on his tax reform bill was he tried to placate too many Democrats, which kept it from being as good as I and many others thought it should be. 
b1315 
So I appreciate the points being made 
here on the floor, but I thought it called out for a little elaboration and correction. 
Now, we also had a hearing yesterday 
that went on for a number of hours. It was an important hearing, and I know there were people that kept talking about, gee, there have been seven hear-ings or eight hearings or whatever there have been, or seven or eight in-vestigations. None of them had the documentation that is now only start-ing to be obtained from a recalcitrant State Department and Obama adminis-tration. 
Yeah, it is easy to get an okay when 
you don’t turn over the documents that show lie after lie, misrepresentation. Yeah, it is easy. All you do is just not let anybody see the documentation for the misrepresentation that came. 
Now, my staff says you have got to 
read this article, and it uses the L word a number of times—the L word being ‘‘lie.’’ It uses that a number of times. But I don’t want to even come close to getting in trouble for violating any rule here on the House floor because the content is too important. So we will just say, instead of lies, we will just call them unfortunate wrong statements, so with that substitution. 
Then I find out, gee, it is my friend, 
Ben Shapiro, that wrote this. I hope that doesn’t hurt Ben that I mentioned we are friends. 
But anyway, ‘‘Hillary Clinton’s 5 Big-
gest Unfortunate Mistaken Representa-tions in Her Benghazi Testimony,’’ in the article, it points out: 
‘‘Hillary, as always, is the poor, put- 
upon victim of a vast right-wing con-spiracy.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I know you will remem-
ber back in the nineties when her hus-band was accused of doing things that it turned out he really did; instead of making clear her husband had made mistakes—and she had made it clear there would be no more—she went after the women. She had a war on women and went after any women who actu-ally accused her husband of impro-priety, and even used and coined that phrase, ‘‘this vast rightwing con-spiracy’’ during her war on women who just tried to point out what her hus-band had done to them. 
But the article says: ‘‘She set up a private email server 
and deleted relevant emails from it for purely political reasons; she pressed for a pointless invasion of Libya for polit-ical reasons, chortled at its conquest for political reasons, watched it de-scend into chaos while doing nothing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.038 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7172 October 23, 2015 
for political reasons, and then allowed 
her ambassador to twist in the Libyan tornado without proper security for po-litical reasons; finally, she covered up that disaster by lying about its causes for political reasons. But those who ask questions about such matters are partisan politicians.’’ 
The article goes on further down: ‘‘Hillary kept claiming that she 
cared deeply about her good friend Chris Stevens. At one point, she whipped out her pre-planned righteous indignation to complain, ‘I would imagine I’ve thought more about what happened than all of you put together. I’ve lost more sleep than all of you put together.’ This was salt in the wound, the equivalent of Johnny Cochran la-menting his worries over the fate of Ni-cole Brown Simpson.’’ 
I have got to inject at this point, I 
was there for a good bit of the hearing because a friend, a real patriot, she served in the Navy, that is where she met a guy named Ty Woods, one of the greatest American patriots this coun-try could ever hope to have as a son. She married Ty. They had even had an-other child right before—not just months before—he found himself in Benghazi. 
And another former Navy SEAL, like 
Ty, that cared more about his country and serving others than his own self-in-terests came and joined him, as I un-derstand, when Ty was getting ready to go to the roof to try to protect those people. He knew David Ubben, with the State Department, was formerly an Army Ranger, and David went with him, grabbed an M4. They went to the roof to protect the Americans that were in the building beneath them. 
I will never forget reading the name 
of the first Navy SEAL that this ad-ministration released, and the story— obviously, this language had to come from this administration—it struck me as such a slap in the face to this former Navy SEAL, because I have known so many Navy SEALs and former Navy SEALs. I am proud of every one I have known—well, maybe except for a former Governor, who is creating chaos for Chris Kyle’s widow. 
But when I read the words, after Glen 
Doherty, a former Navy SEAL, con-tractor, and it said, from the informa-tion released from this administration, that he died while taking cover. 
Now, I didn’t know anything about 
Benghazi at that point, about the spe-cifics, but I knew enough Navy SEALs to know, if he died, it wasn’t taking cover. It was probably giving cover or maybe moving to get a better vantage from which to defend other people. Those are the Navy SEALs I know, generally speaking. 
Then we find out he didn’t die taking 
cover. Ty Woods didn’t die taking cover. I don’t know if that was the State Department’s release to try to minimize how heroic those people were 
because they violated orders and said: We are going to help those people that are penned down in Benghazi. Those are heroes. I know my friend, D
UNCAN HUNTER , 
had moved to try to get a Congres-sional Medal of Honor. I think it is time we take those back up. Though they weren’t in the military, they de-serve the highest honor this body could give them posthumously. 
And David Ubben, I never brought it 
up during the months that he had asked me not to after I met him on one of my visits out to Bethesda, or Walter Reed combined with it now. But he was up there on the roof. There were three mortars that came in. The first one missed. 
Having been in the Army 4 years, I 
know they used to teach us, if there are three mortars or three artillery rounds coming in, then you better move before the fourth one hits, be-cause they will use those three to tri-angulate your position, and the fourth one will be on top of your head. 
So when I heard David said there had 
been three mortars come in, I said: Oh, so they bracketed you. He said: Oh, no, no, no. I don’t want you to get the wrong idea. We knew as soon as the first one missed, they knew exactly where our position was. It was short, but there was no question, they knew exactly at what angle to put that mor-tar so that it would come down on our heads. And that’s what the second and third mortar did. 
There was no bracketing. They knew 
their position. Pre-planned attack. They had the coordination perfectly, exactly where that mortar needed to be. 
The first one was short, as he said, 
but the second and third were right on top of their targets. And that is what killed Glen and Ty as they were giving cover—not taking cover, giving cover. 
In fact, I heard yesterday—it wasn’t 
in the hearing, wasn’t said in the hear-ing, but I heard from somebody who had talked to a Delta Force individual. When he heard the name Ty Woods, he said: You know, that guy, he and Glen took on a whole city. 
They didn’t care. They were going to 
protect the United States civil serv-ants that were in the building that they went to the roof of, and they gave their lives giving them cover. 
David Ubben lost much of his right 
leg, but, after many surgeries, hope-fully it is near the point now of being usable. He is a hero. This administra-tion didn’t even want to give him the right credit. 
And then to have them—and Ben 
Shapiro points it out here. They used this video, and even to say to any one of the survivors, as Mrs. Clinton did: We will get the guy that did the video. 
They didn’t care about the video. I 
have talked to many of the family members of those who were killed. They didn’t care about the guy that did the video. They cared about the people that killed their loved one. 
Dorothy Woods is a hero. So, for Mrs. 
Clinton to sit there and arrogantly, condescendingly say to the panel, ‘‘I’ve lost more sleep than all of you put to-gether,’’ with Dorothy Woods sitting 
right there, was just another dagger to her heart because she still loses sleep. 
Let’s go back to that night. We still 
don’t know what Hillary Clinton and our President did specifically after they found out. Either the President was preparing for his fundraiser in Las Vegas the next day, or he just went to bed, with his personal Ambassador to Libya missing. Either they went to bed or did something far more embar-rassing for them not to be willing to tell us what they did that night. 
I mean, I was only in the Army 4 
years, but I cannot imagine what kind of mind will allow itself to go to sleep or just blow things off and move on to another project when somebody work-ing directly for you has either been killed, you know people have been killed, and the Ambassador is missing in a hostile area that, turns out, begged for security, additional security 600 times. 
This is disgraceful, just disgraceful. 
They had nothing to do with the video. 
My friend J
IMJORDAN said: You tell 
the American people one thing; you tell your family an entirely different story. 
And, in fact, she told the Egyptian 
Prime Minister the day after the at-tacks: We know the attack in Libya had nothing to do with the film. It was a planned attack, not a protest. 
As I recall, not only was that simply 
not true, she took State Department funds, as I understand it, and spent tens of thousands of dollars on a com-mercial to facilitate and to perpetuate this lie, and spent that in foreign Mus-lim countries, running it on their tele-visions to say we had nothing to do with the video. 
Mr. Speaker, I meant to get into the 
fact that I haven’t changed my vote for Speaker. I am still for D
ANWEBSTER . 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 1 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, Octo-ber 26, 2015, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3231. A letter from the Secretary, Com-
modity Futures Trading Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Re-peal of the Exempt Commercial Market and Exempt Board of Trade Exemptions (RIN: 3038-AE10) received October 21, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
3232. A letter from the Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s no-tification of its 2015 compensation program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.040 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7173 October 23, 2015 
adjustments, including the Agency’s current 
salary range structure and the performance- based merit pay matrix, in accordance with Sec. 1206 of the Financial Institutions, Re-form, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
3233. A letter from the Under Secretary, 
Acquisition, Technology and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s report to Congress entitled ‘‘Dis-tribution of Department of Defense Depot Maintenance Workloads for Fiscal Years 2014 through 2016’’ pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2466(d)(1) and 2466(d)(2); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
3234. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report to Congress entitled, ‘‘Health and Human Services Secretary’s First An-nual Report on Transparency in the Review and Approval of Section 1115 Demonstra-tions’’, as required by Sec. 10201 of the Af-fordable Care Act; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
3235. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Partial Approval and Par-tial Disapproval of Air Quality State Imple-mentation Plans; Nevada; Infrastructure Re-quirements for Ozone, NO2 and SO2 [EPA- R09-OAR-2014-0812; FRL-9935-82-Region 9] re-ceived October 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3236. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Outer Continental Shelf Air Regulations Consistency Update for Maryland [EPA-R03-OAR-2014-0568; FRL- 9917-72-Region 3] received October 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3237. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designated Facilities; New York [EPA-R02-OAR-2015-0509; FRL-9936-09- Region 2] received October 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3238. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Florida; Regional Haze Plan Amendment — Lakeland Electric C.D. McIntosh [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0337; FRL- 9936-05-Region 4] received October 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3239. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Ap-proval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Arizona; Phased Discontinuation of Stage II Vapor Recovery Program [EPA-R09- OAR-2014-0256; FRL-9935-66-Region 9] re-ceived October 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3240. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; OR; Portland, Medford, Salem; Clackamas, Multnomah, Washington Counties; Gasoline Dispensing Facilities [EPA-R10-OAR-2011- 0799; FRL-9936-03-Region 10] received October 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3241. A letter from the Chairman and Co- 
Chairman, Congressional-Executive Commis-sion on China, transmitting the Commis-sion’s 2015 Annual Report as established by the U.S.-China Relations Act, 19 U.S.C. 1307; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3242. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Commerce, transmitting a report certifying that the export of the listed item to the People’s Republic of China is not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry, pursuant to Sec. 1512 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 1999 (Pub. L. 105-261), as amended by Sec. 146 of the Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Pub. L. 105-277), and the President’s September 29, 2009 delegation of authority [74 Fed. Reg. 50, 913 (Oct. 2, 2009)]; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3243. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-166, ‘‘Unemployment Profile Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3244. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-170, ‘‘4095 Minnesota Avenue, N.E., Woodson School Lease Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3245. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-165, ‘‘Behavioral Health Coordi-nation of Care Amendment Act of 2015’’, pur-suant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
3246. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-167, ‘‘Injured Worker Fair Pay Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3247. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-169, ‘‘1351 Nicholson Street, N.W., Old Brightwood School Lease Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3248. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-168, ‘‘Grandparent Caregivers Program Subsidy Transfer Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3249. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting a report pursu-ant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3250. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting a letter following up on previous letters regarding 
the debt limit and to provide additional in-formation regarding the Department of the Treasury’s ability to continue to finance the government; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3251. A letter from the Inspector General, 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a data brief on Medicare pay-ments for clinical laboratory tests performed in 2014, pursuant to the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, Pub. L.113-93; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 765. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend the 15-year recovery period for qualified leasehold improvement property, qualified restaurant property, and qualified retail improvement property; with an amendment (Rept. 114–306). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 961. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend the subpart F exemption for active financing income; with an amendment (Rept. 114–307). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1270. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the amendments made by the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act which dis-qualify expenses for over-the-counter drugs under health savings accounts and health flexible spending arrangements; with an amendment (Rept. 114–308). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1430. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the look-through treatment of payments between related controlled foreign corporations; with an amendment (Rept. 114– 309). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 2940. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve and make permanent the above-the-line de-duction for certain expenses of elementary and secondary school teachers; with an amendment (Rept. 114–310). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23OC7.000 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7174 October 23, 2015 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. F RELING -
HUYSEN ): 
H.R. 3815. A bill to deter terrorism, provide 
justice for victims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CALVERT (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. 
COOK, and Mr. R OHRABACHER ): 
H.R. 3816. A bill to deny Federal funding to 
any State or political subdivision of a State that has in effect any law, policy, or proce-dure that prevents or impedes a State or local law enforcement official from main-taining custody of an alien pursuant to an immigration detainer issued by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. POCAN (for himself and Mr. 
K
ATKO ): 
H.R. 3817. A bill to amend the Child Nutri-
tion Act of 1966 to clarify the availability and appropriateness of training for local food service personnel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. B
RAT, 
Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K INGof 
Iowa, and Mr. P OEof Texas): 
H.R. 3818. A bill to repeal the Cuban Ad-
justment Act, Public Law 89-732, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. SHUSTER (for himself, Mr. 
R
YAN of Wisconsin, and Mr. D EFA-
ZIO): 
H.R. 3819. A bill to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Natural Re-sources, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for 
herself, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. S CHIFF , 
Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): 
H.R. 3820. A bill to establish the San Ga-
briel National Recreation Area as a unit of the National Park System in the State of California, to modify the boundaries of the San Gabriel Mountains National Monument in the State of California to include addi-tional National Forest System land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-
self and Mr. T
ONKO ): 
H.R. 3821. A bill to amend title XIX to re-
quire the publication of a provider directory in the case of States providing for medical assistance on a fee-for-service basis or through a primary care case-management system, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. FLORES: 
H.R. 3822. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow qualified scholar-ship funding corporations to access tax-ex-empt financing for alternative private stu-dent loans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas (for 
himself, Mr. O
LSON , Ms. H AHN, and 
Mr. B ABIN): 
H.R. 3823. A bill to provide for direct hire 
authority for positions in the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. HARDY: 
H.R. 3824. A bill to reform oversight of law 
enforcement activities of the Forest Service and the Department of the Interior and to improve coordination and cooperation with local law enforcement agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 3825. A bill to improve transportation 
safety, efficiency, and system performance through innovative technology deployment 
and operations; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. WALDEN (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENAUER ): 
H.R. 3826. A bill to amend the Omnibus 
Public Land Management Act of 2009 to mod-ify provisions relating to certain land ex-changes in the Mt. Hood Wilderness in the State of Oregon; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 3827. A bill to improve the program 
under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 for using amounts for rental voucher assistance for project-based rental assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. 
C
LYBURN , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mrs. 
DINGELL , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. H OYER , 
Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. D OGGETT ): 
H. Res. 489. A resolution commemorating 
the 88th Anniversary of Texas Southern Uni-versity; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H. Res. 490. A resolution honoring the 
lives, work, and sacrifice of Joseph Curseen, Jr., and Thomas Morris, Jr., the two United States Postal Service employees and Wash-ington, DC, natives who died as a result of their contact with anthrax while working at the United States Postal Facility located at 900 Brentwood Road, NE, Washington, DC, during the anthrax attack in the fall of 2001, United States Postal Service employees, who have continued to work diligently in service to the people of the United States notwith-standing the anthrax attacks, as well as the three other Americans who died and the 17 who became ill in the attacks; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution, By Mr. KING of New York: 
H.R. 3815. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power . . . To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof 
By Mr. CALVERT: 
H.R. 3816. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is Section 8 of Arti-cle I of the Constitution, specifically Clauses 1 (relating to providing for the general wel-fare of the United States) and 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) of such section. 
OR The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18. 
By Mr. POCAN: 
H.R. 3817. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-
ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 3818. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 (the Natu-
ralization Clause), which gives Congress sov-ereign control over immigration and the vesting of citizenship in aliens. In March 1790, Congress passed the first uniform rule for naturilaztion under the new Constitu-tion. In Chirac v Lessee of Chirac (1817), the Supreme Court affirmed this power rests ex-clusively with Congress. 
By Mr. SHUSTER: 
H.R. 3819. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (related to laying and collecting Taxes, and providing for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States), Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes), and Clause 7 (related to establishment of Post Offices and Post Roads). 
By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: 
H.R. 3820. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Art. 1, Sec. 8 ‘‘The Congress shall have 
Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York: 
H.R. 3821. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. FLORES: 
H.R. 3822. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. The Congress 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23OC7.100 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7175 October 23, 2015 
all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-
form throughout the United States. 
By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: 
H.R. 3823. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. HARDY: 
H.R. 3824. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 3825. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. WALDEN: 
H.R. 3826. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to 
the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 3827. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Con-
stitution of the United States 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 169: Mr. H ANNA and Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 213: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 242: Ms. A DAMS and Ms. H AHN. 
H.R. 304: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 495: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 674: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 718: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 732: Mr. Z ELDIN , 
H.R. 745: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. T ONKO , and 
Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 842: Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 866: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 868: Mr. G OODLATTE and Mr. L AB-
RADOR . 
H.R. 913: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 953: Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 963: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico. 
H.R. 980: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia and 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 990: Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 1061: Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. 
MCCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1174: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
RUSH, and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 1197: Ms. A DAMS , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. S MITH of 
Missouri. 
H.R. 1209: Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 1284: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1288: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1292: Mr. J ONES , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. 
JOLLY . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1342: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 1391: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 1453: Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. B RATand Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
of Illinois. 
H.R. 1479: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 1549: Mr. C OFFMAN and Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN . H.R. 1550: Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. D ELBENE, 
Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
MCHENRY , and Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 1608: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. 
H.R. 1684: Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 1752: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. P OLIS, 
Mr. R USH, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
CUELLAR , Ms. D EGETTE , and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1818: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 1853: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. K EATING , 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. F RANKS of Ari-
zona, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. T AKANO , and Ms. 
SINEMA . 
H.R. 1856: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 1902: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1943: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 1945: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 2016: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 2017: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 2071: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. C OSTELLO  
of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2114: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 2125: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 2130: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas 
H.R. 2145: Mr. S TUTZMAN . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 2231: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
HECKof Washington, Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. 
LYNCH . 
H.R. 2237: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 2307: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 2411: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 2429: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 2450: Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. W ILSON of Flor-
ida, and Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 2461: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mrs. W AGNER , 
and Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 2477: Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 2500: Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 2515: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California and 
Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 2546: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 2597: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2626: Mr. M ULLIN and Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. H ARPER and Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 2660: Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 2661: Mr. M CNERNEY and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT . 
H.R. 2715: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. G RAYSON , and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 2752: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 2758: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 2799: Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 2853: Mr. W ELCH and Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 2880: Mr. M CGOVERN and Ms. M CCOL-
LUM. 
H.R. 2896: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Mr. 
PITTENGER . 
H.R. 2901: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mrs. 
MILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 2972: Mr. H ECKof Washington and Mr. 
DOGGETT . 
H.R. 2980: Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 2994: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 3016: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 3048: Mr. M CKINLEY and Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 3065: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 3096: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 3187: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 3198: Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C UELLAR , and Mr. 
VARGAS . 
H.R. 3216: Mr. J ONES , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 3238: Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 3248: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 3326: Mr. C ALVERT and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 3381: Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. 
PINGREE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. 
FORBES . H.R. 3445: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 3459: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. L OUDERMILK . 
H.R. 3478: Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 3481: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 3497: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 3520: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. W ALZ, and Mrs. 
BEATTY . 
H.R. 3542: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 3566: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 3573: Mr. F LORES and Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 3591: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN . 
H.R. 3602: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 3625: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 3640: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 3646: Mr. K LINE and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio. 
H.R. 3654: Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. S MITH of New 
Jersey, Mr. S IRES, Mr. R IBBLE , and Mr. 
ROHRABACHER . 
H.R. 3686: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. 
WAGNER , and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 3687: Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 3696: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-
nois, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. V ELA, and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 3706: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. D ONOVAN , and 
Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. 
H.R. 3710: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 3713: Mr. E LLISON , Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. R USH, Mr. A LGREEN  
of Texas, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. C LAY, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-
nois, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Ms. 
GABBARD . 
H.R. 3729: Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 3742: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 3750: Mr. C HABOT , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. P OEof Texas, and 
Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 3756: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York. 
H.R. 3757: Mr. C UELLAR . 
H.R. 3761: Ms. K APTUR , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
JEFFRIES , and Mr. C ASTRO of Texas. 
H.R. 3765: Mr. M ARCHANT and Mr. S MITH of 
Texas. 
H.R. 3772: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 3779: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 3785: Ms. B ASS, Ms. H AHN, Mr. B EN 
RAYLUJ´ANof New Mexico, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 3797: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 3799: Mr. D ESJARLAIS and Mr. 
WESTERMAN . 
H.R. 3802: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.J. Res. 59: Mr. B RAT. 
H.J. Res. 67: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.J. Res. 68: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H. Con. Res. 40: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. E LLI-
SON, and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. 
H. Res. 28: Mr. P ALLONE . 
H. Res. 194: Mrs. B EATTY and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H. Res. 220: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H. Res. 289: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H. Res. 293: Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. L AMBORN , Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
TEDLIEUof California, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
MEEHAN , and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H. Res. 343: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
Mr. R IGELL , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
CLEAVER , and Mr. S TUTZMAN . 
H. Res. 393: Mr. S WALWELL of California 
and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H. Res. 394: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Ms. 
MOORE , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H. Res. 419: Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of 
New York and Mr. K ILMER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.023 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7176 October 23, 2015 
H. Res. 440: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. 
BARR, and Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H. Res. 445: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H. Res. 451: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. T IBERI . 
H. Res. 456: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H. Res. 467: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. A DAMS , and 
Mr. T AKANO . 
H. Res. 469: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H. Res. 485: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. R OG-
ERSof Alabama, and Mr. Z ELDIN . 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 1151: Mr. S CHIFF . PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions 
and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
33. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urging Congress to propose, for ratification by the legislatures of the sev-eral states, an amendment to the United 
States Constitution which would clarify that any person chosen to be Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives must be an actual currently-serving member of the U.S. House of Representatives; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
34. Also, a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Wat-
son, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urg-ing Congress to propose, for ratification by special conventions held within the indi-vidual states, an amendment to the United States Constitution which would require that both houses of Congress approve, by a three-fifths vote of all members elected and 
serving in each body, any declaration of mar-tial law, or suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, by the President of the United States, and further providing that such Con-gressionally-approved martial law declara-tion, or suspension of the writ of habeas cor-pus, not exceed 30 days’ duration, and clearly describe the geographic territory covered by such declaration or suspension; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— 
ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS 
The following Member added his 
name to the following discharge peti-tion: 
Petition 1 by Mr. HECK of Washington on 
H.R. 1031: Mr. Grayson. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.021 H23OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1521 October 23, 2015 
NATIONAL STRATEGIC AND CRIT-
ICAL MINERALS PRODUCTION ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, October 22, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1937) to require the Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture to more efficiently de-velop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical importance to United States economic and national security and manufacturing com-petitiveness: 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, I will vote 
against H.R. 1937, a bill that weakens envi-ronmental safeguards while bolstering the min-ing industry’s special privileges on federal lands. 
The language in the bill is written in such a 
way to cover virtually all hardrock mining on federal lands. Instead of using a scientific defi-nition of a critical mineral, a mineral for which there is no substitute, H.R. 1937 considers gravel and sand to be critical minerals, leading to fast-tracked permits for practically any hardrock mines, even when the materials are plentiful. In addition, the bill classifies hardrock mines as infrastructure projects in order to allow hardrock mines to access a streamlined permit process intended for actual infrastruc-ture projects such as surface transportation and pipelines, which have far less of an envi-ronmental impact. 
The bill directs the Bureau of Land Manage-
ment and the Forest Service to simplify the process for obtaining permits to extract min-erals from federal lands, including eliminating adequate reviews under the National Environ-mental Policy Act (NEPA). It is widely known that the NEPA review process, through the formulation of alternative proposals and the consideration of public input, leads to im-proved federal decision-making and better projects. In the end, NEPA saves time, money and reduces negative impacts. Furthermore, NEPA is the primary balancing mechanism against the mining industry’s privileged access to billions of dollars worth of minerals on fed-eral lands. The mining industry already enjoys access to hardrock minerals on public lands without paying taxpayers anything. 
Finally, the bill limits the ability of aggrieved 
communities to use the court system to hold the government accountable when contamina-tion from hardrock mining threatens their groundwater or drinking water. H.R. 1937 ex-empts legal cases brought against hardrock mines from the Equal Access to Justice Act, which means that winning plaintiffs cannot col-lect attorney fees from the government, ulti-mately ensuring that poor communities will never challenge these decisions in court. I support efforts to strengthen our mining 
regulations. H.R. 1937, however, is a step in the wrong direction. We should be looking to reform the antiquated General Mining Law of 1872. Nearly a century and a half later, a law signed by President Ulysses S. Grant remains the law of the land and carries with it a toxic legacy. The GAO estimates that there may be more than 160,000 abandoned hardrock mines and that 20% of these sites (roughly 33,000) have degraded the environment by contaminating surface water and groundwater or leaving arsenic-contaminated tailings piles. 
In its place, the Hardrock Mining Reform 
and Reclamation Act, H.R. 963, is a meaning-ful attempt at comprehensive reform and yet it remains stuck in committee. Unlike the bill being considered on the floor today, H.R. 963 would protect communities and their sur-roundings by balancing mining with other uses of public land. This legislation would put in place environmental controls to protect water, create jobs and protect natural areas by fund-ing the clean-up of abandoned mines, and compensate taxpayers for the extraction of natural resources. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MR. FRED S. 
JEALOUS 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor a great American, Mr. Fred S. Jealous, on the occasion of his retirement after more than 30 years of dedicated public service. Fred is a beacon of compassion, justice, and community service. Over the many years that he and his wife, Ann Todd Jealous, have lived on the Monterey Peninsula, Fred has devoted 
countless hours of his professional and volun-teer time to weaving, reinforcing, and repairing the social fabric of our community. 
Fred originally hailed from Connecticut. In 
1963, he earned a B.A. in history from Clark University in Worcester, MA. He went on to earn a Masters of Arts in Teaching from Anti-och College in Yellow Springs, OH, in 1963. He then answered the call for public service and entered the Peace Corps, teaching math and English in rural Turkey. Upon his return from Turkey, Fred renewed his studies, this time in the field of Psychology, at the U.S. International University in San Diego. 
In 1967, love for Ann Todd brought Fred to 
Baltimore, MD. However, as an interracial cou-ple, they had to travel to Washington, D.C., to marry. In Baltimore, Fred became active in the civil rights movement agitating for the integra-tion of public places. Fred and Ann moved to the Monterey Peninsula where he and Ann settled in Pacific Grove and raised their two children Ben and Lara. 
It was on the Central Coast that Fred hit his 
stride as a community builder and activist. He worked with the Veterans Administration to de-
velop education programs for disabled vet-erans, served as executive director of the Sali-nas Volunteer Center, and founded the Mon-terey County Men’s Alternatives to Violence. In 1987, Fred took this last effort a step further and founded the Breakthrough Men’s Commu-nity as a non-profit organization to provide men with skills to free themselves from non- productive, painful, or abusive aspects of their lives. Staffed by volunteer graduates of the program, Breakthrough helps men work on communication and listening skills, self-es-teem, parenting, alternatives to sexual obses-sion, reducing homophobia, and building healthy, inclusive communities. Fred has re-mained at the helm of Breakthrough since its founding and is now preparing to pass on that leadership. 
Fred has truly made our community a better 
place. He is truly an example and inspiration for those who have the great fortune to know him. That is perhaps most true for Fred’s son Ben, who followed his father’s—and moth-er’s—example to become the President and CEO of the NAACP. I know I speak for the whole House in extending to Fred Jealous our deep appreciation for his life’s work and offer our best wishes to him and his family on this next chapter in his remarkable life. 
f 
HONORING DONALD SHUMWAY ON 
THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIRE-MENT FROM THE CROTCHED MOUNTAIN FOUNDATION 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
express my congratulations to Donald Shum-way on his retirement as the CEO and Presi-dent of the Crotched Mountain Foundation, and thank him for the outstanding work he did during his career. 
Mr. Shumway’s continuous progression 
within various health services agencies such as becoming the Commissioner of the NH De-partment of Health and Human Services and head of the Division of Mental Health exempli-fies his intelligence, positive attitude, and com-mitment to protecting and serving his commu-nity with the utmost professionalism. 
Although Mr. Shumway will now shift his 
focus from serving his community to his fam-ily, it’s clear he leaves behind an example of strong leadership and compassion for others to emulate in his absence. 
It is with great admiration that I congratulate 
Donald Shumway on his retirement, and wish him the best on all future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC8.001 E23OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1522 October 23, 2015 
IN COMMEMORATION OF THE 50TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE KAWNEER COMPANY’S BLOOMSBURG PLANT 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor 
to help commemorate the 50th anniversary of the founding of the Kawneer Company’s Bloomsburg plant. The plant is an essential manufacturing center in my district, and pro-vides necessary materials for the construction of a multitude of education facilities, healthcare centers, public buildings, and retail stores across America. With close to 400 em-ployees, the Bloomsburg facility provides work to many of my constituents. 
Since 1965, the Kawneer Company has en-
joyed tremendous success as a crucial manu-facturing facility in the heartland of Pennsyl-vania. The company has helped fuel the inspi-ration of architects and building teams for more than 100 years, and has continuously implemented new manufacturing capabilities in order to improve efficiency and quality. Alcoa purchased the facility in 1998, and today, Kawneer Company’s Bloomsburg plant is an integral part of Alcoa’s Global Business and Construction Systems business. 
Built on the Susquehanna River, the plant 
has persevered numerous times through dev-astating floods. Most recently, a flood nearly destroyed the facility, filling the shop floor with over five feet of water. Kawneer employees, in conjunction with Alcoa and the state of Penn-sylvania, were able to reinvigorate the plant with new life and used the rebuilding oppor-tunity to learn and grow. The plant’s recent in-corporation of a flexible robotic line is a sym-bol of Kawneer’s commitment to development, efficiency, and progress. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize 
the Kawneer Company’s Bloomsburg plant as it celebrates its 50th anniversary. I am incred-ibly grateful for the presence of this productive manufacturing facility which continues to bring prosperity and employment opportunities to my constituents. I look forward to the plant’s continued success and innovation in the years to come. 
f 
HUNGARY AND THE HARD WAY 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, 59 
years ago today, the Hungarian people rose up against the Soviet-installed communist dic-tatorship—a revolution that remains a model of patriotism, heroism, and resistance against tyranny today. I submit the following remarks delivered last evening at an event commemo-rating this momentous anniversary by Louis S. Segesvary, Ph.D., of the American Hungarian Federation. 
[From American Hungarian Federation] 
HUNGARY AND THE HARDWAY 
(By Louis S. Segesvary, Ph.D.) 
It was in the month of October, on the 
twenty-third day in 1956, that the small Eastern European nation of Hungary rose up in a revolution against the Soviet Union 
that represented the first major challenge to its military dominion since World War II. 
Nearly six decades have passed since then, 
yet it would be a mistake to discount the significance of this revolution merely be-cause of the passage of time. This was David facing down Goliath in the modern era, and as such it remains and will remain an inspi-ration to freedom loving people everywhere. 
Historians have explained to us the cause 
of the Hungarian uprising against the mighty Soviet empire as one of chafing under the weight of totalitarian occupation. But this explanation is hardly enough. Many peoples have suffered similar fates without risking the human costs associated with rev-olution. Those that have been willing to pay the price have been far fewer, and the more formidable the force of the occupier, the even fewer number. Bravery has always been the difference. 
In this respect, Hungary and the United 
States share a similar past. Both risked rev-olutions against the greatest powers of their times. Only the American patriots were suc-cessful while Hungarians were seemingly not. 
But it is just at this point that we must be 
the most careful in assessing the signifi-cance of Hungary’s revolt against the Soviet Union, which pitted a nation of only ten mil-lion against the armed forces of a world su-perpower. For the sheer courage displayed in this uprising against the most hopeless of odds not only stunned the world but inspired it. As the French writer and Nobel Laureate Albert Camus put it at the time, 
‘‘Hungary conquered and in chains has 
done more for freedom and justice than any people for twenty years. . . Those Hungarian workers and intellectuals, beside whom we stand today with such impotent sorrow, un-derstood this and have made us the better to understand it. That is why their hope is also ours. In spite of their misery, their chains, their exile, they have left us a glorious herit-age which we must preserve: freedom, which they not only chose, but which in a single day they gave back to us.’’ 
Practical consequences as well were to fol-
low the Hungarian revolution even as it was crushed by columns of Soviet tanks, for the sacrifices of the freedom fighters helped lead eventually to a crescendo of falling dominos and the dissolution of the entire Soviet Union itself. The seven days of freedom Hun-garians had achieved in 1956 meant that Go-liath had been mortally wounded, his aura of invincibility shattered. It was just a matter of time before he collapsed into the dust once again just as in biblical times. 
Today Hungary is a fledgling democracy 
experiencing the kind of attacks that don’t come from the muzzles of AK–47s or the can-nons of Soviet era tanks. Caught in the whirlwind of the migrant crisis enveloping Europe, with nearly 400,000 political and eco-nomic migrants transiting the country so far this year on their way to Austria and Ger-many, it has been subject to harsh public criticism for not being accommodating enough to this flood of humanity. 
Regrettably, the fact that Hungary has 
faithfully adhered to the very protocol estab-lished by the European Union to deal with asylum seekers in requiring their registra-tion on entry is generally ignored. But even more fundamentally, the civilizational issues associated with nation states are just as often disregarded. Whatever one thinks of Hungary’s insistence on protecting its bor-ders, one also has to consider the broader im-plications of what chaos will do to Europe’s cultural distinctiveness. 
Albert Camus’ stirring words on the Hun-
garian revolution are well known. Not as well-known are his prophetic words, just as profound, about the dangers associated with 
the breakdown of civilizational rules. While the pitfalls of anarchy meant the unpleasant task of having to make order, he wrote, there had to be order, because without order, he would die, ‘‘scattered to the winds.’’ 
He could have been speaking here once 
again about Hungary as well. Only this time it was about a people seeking to preserve the national identity they had secured for them-selves with their own blood six decades ear-lier. It is a stand that not everyone will agree with, it is a stand that can be debated, but it is a stand that is once again reso-nating throughout the world. 
The stakes in this debate are not to be 
taken lightly because we should never forget that how this migrant crisis is resolved will affect not only this generation of Europeans but generation after generation to come. In a very real sense, these future generations are fated to live with the consequences of the choices made today with no other recourse to them. That means the decisions by all of us affected by this crisis need to be as wise as we can make them and our consciences as clear as we can keep them. 
The choices Hungary has taken so far in 
upholding the asylum precepts of the Euro-pean Union and safeguarding its borders rep-resent the hard way, a path of thorns on which Hungary has so often found itself in its brilliant but tragic history. It has risked its reputation on these choices, and only time can tell us how sagacious they have been. In the meanwhile, let us hold our rush to judgement. Especially on a day in which we honor Hungary for its great sacrifices for freedom. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CONGREGACIO ´N 
MITA CHURCH ON ITS 75TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Congregacio ´n Mita Church on 
its 75th anniversary and recognize their con-tributions to the community. 
The Congregacio ´n Mita Church was found-
ed in 1940 in the town of Arecibo, Puerto Rico, by Juanita ‘‘Mita’’ Garcı ´a Peraza. At a 
time when women were not allowed to offi-ciate in church, Juanita became a trailblazer, founding her congregation with a message of love, freedom, and unity. 
The church began with a small group of 
only 11 members. In this founding group was Teo´filo ‘‘Aaro ´n’’ Vargas Seı ´n, current President 
and Spiritual Leader of the church. In 1943, the congregation opened its first church in the humble community of Las Monjas in San Juan, Puerto Rico. In 1947, the church relo-cated to the Hato Rey sector of San Juan, where it is currently headquartered. A year later, in 1948, the congregation opened its first church outside Puerto Rico in New York City. As membership grew, Juanita saw the need for a new place of worship and in 1960 the congregation built a new church in Hato Rey. 
As part of her missionary work, Juanita es-
tablished several ministries, social institutions, and music groups. Some of these include: the Ministry of Preachers and Deacons (1941), a ministry of volunteer neighborhood watchmen called ‘‘Guardas’’ (1947), the Strings Band (1950), and a bible school for children called 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23OC8.003 E23OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1523 October 23, 2015 
‘‘El Consejero’’ (1956). In 1957, she founded 
‘‘La Banda Mita,’’ a marching band that is one of the premier music orchestras in Puerto Rico today. In 1963, the first international congrega-tion was founded in the city of Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic. 
Alongside Juanita from the beginning was 
Aaro´n. Aaro ´n began his Ministry at the young 
age of 15. He served as the church’s first ad-ministrator, as well as the first preacher, the senior guarda, and the lead percussionist of the marching band. When Juanita passed away in 1970, Aaro ´n assumed leadership of 
the Congregation. 
Under Aaro ´n’s leadership, the church grew 
extensively. It expanded nationally to Illinois (1969), Connecticut (1972), New Jersey (1976), Florida (1988), Massachusetts (1990), Texas (1998), Ohio (2008), and North Carolina (2011). It also expanded internationally to Co-lombia (1970), Mexico (1980), Venezuela (1982), Costa Rica (1986), Panama (1987), Ecuador (1991), Canada (1992), El Salvador (1993), and Spain (2000). In Florida, con-gregations were established in Orlando, Ocala, Miami, and Tampa. 
Assisting Aaro ´n with the church’s great ex-
pansion was Rosinı ´n Rodrı ´guez Pe ´rez, current 
Vice-President and Spiritual Leader of the Congregation. Together they founded institu-tions dedicated to provide social services to the community at-large. Some of these in-clude: the Colegio Congregacio ´n Mita (1981), 
a K–12 school in Puerto Rico accredited by the Middle State Association; the El Paraı ´so 
Nursing Home (1985), a care center for sen-iors; and the Office for Counseling and Social Work (1985). The latter provides a wide range of professional services by certified social workers, psychologists, and gerontologists free of charge to members and nonmembers ev-erywhere the church is established, including Orlando, FL. 
In addition, they created music groups with 
the goal of developing love for the arts and music in children and adolescents. These in-clude: the Harps Group (1987), the Children’s Choir (1989), the Youth Choir (2004), and more recently, a Violin Orchestra (2007). Many of these groups, including the marching band, have smaller representations in most of the countries where the church is established. 
In 1990, on the occasion of its 50th anniver-
sary, the church built its main house of wor-ship in San Juan, Puerto Rico with capacity for up to 10,000 parishioners. Today, Mita’s work continues its extraordinary expansion with hundreds of thousands of members in more than 300 congregations in 12 countries around the world. 
I am happy to recognize the accomplish-
ments of the Congregacio ´n Mita Church on 
this memorable date, the birthday of their leader Aaro ´n, and wish them continuous suc-
cess in the future. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BILL 
ARNSPARGER 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of an exceptional man, Mr. Wil-liam Stephen Arnsparger, of Paris, Kentucky. Bill Arnsparger was a part of the Greatest 
Generation, answered his nation’s call to serv-ice during World War II. He spent most of his life as a football coach, attaining greatness around the country. It is my honor to recog-nize him before the House of Representatives. 
Mr. Arnsparger was born in Paris, Kentucky 
in 1926. He attended Paris High School, where he was All State in football. After grad-uation, he joined the United States Marine Corps and was stationed in China. Following the war, Arnsparger earned his bachelor’s and master’s degrees from Miami University (Ohio), where he also played football. His coaching career began immediately after grad-uation as an assistant coach at Miami under Woody Hayes. 
Arnsparger went on to serve as an assistant 
coach at the college level at Ohio State, the University of Kentucky, and Tulane University. He was head coach at Louisiana State Univer-sity. Arnsparger coached in the NFL for the Baltimore Colts, the Miami Dolphins, the New York Giants, and the San Diego Chargers. He also served as athletic director at the Univer-sity of Florida. Arnsparger was famous for being the architect of the ‘‘No Name Defense’’ and the ‘‘Killer B’s’’ of the Miami Dolphins. Bill was inducted into the Miami Dolphins Honor Roll as well as Halls of Fame at Paris High School, Miami University, Kentucky Athletic, Florida Athletic, and the Kentucky Pro Football Hall of Fame. 
Mr. Arnsparger passed away peacefully on 
July 17, 2015 in Paris, Kentucky. Like many in his generation, he served his country bravely during his time in the military. He went on to live an exemplary life in his chosen profession of football. He was truly an outstanding Amer-ican, a patriot, and a role model to us all. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, on roll call 
no. 560, due to a previously scheduled event, I was not present for this vote. Had I been present, I would have voted no. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 1956 
HUNGARIAN REVOLUTION 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, 
today marks the 59th anniversary of the 1956 Hungarian Revolution against Soviet tyranny. Though the Soviet tanks put down the uprising that time, it lit a torch of resistance that the communists could never put out and ultimately democracy prevailed. I submit the following re-marks by Marion Smith, Executive Director of the Victims of Communism Memorial Founda-tion, at an event last evening commemorating the 1956 Hungarian Revolution. COMMEMORATING THE 1956 H UNGARIAN  
REVOLUTION  
(By Marion Smith) 
[From Victims of Communism Memorial 
Foundation] 
For a few days in 1956, Budapest became 
the capital of freedom. The city, which was gutted and nearly destroyed by the ruthless military showdown between Soviet and Nazi troops in World War II, became the city of hope and heartbreak in 1956. The Hungarian nation’s patriotic glory and enviable spirit broke the yoke of the Soviet Empire, if only for a few days. 
Ruszkik haza!—Russians, go home!—a 
crowd eventually growing to 300,000 de-manded as young people, who had everything to lose, gathered in the heart of the city. Hungarians began to tear off red stars from buildings, they toppled the statue of Stalin in front of the Hungarian Radio and tore out the Soviet symbol from the middle of the Hungarian flag, framed pictures of Lenin, Marx and Stalin were gathered on the street and burnt in bonfires. The flames of freedom lit up the nights. 
The Soviet military stationed in Hungary 
was considerably large. It should have been relatively easy to put down what the regime called a fascist ‘‘counter-revolution’’. But it wasn’t. Moscow underestimated the resil-ience of the people and the determination of Hungarians to fight. For their freedom, for their family, for their life. 
From the West, Hungarians received sym-
pathy and prayers. But not much more. And yet, these mostly young patriots succeeded in driving out the Soviet tanks all the way to the outskirts of Budapest. A free and democratic Hungary seemed within grasp. 
But the Communist Politburo in Moscow 
was not yet ready for a breakup of the Iron Curtain and on November 4, Soviet tanks rolled through the city. 30,000 troops and more than a thousand tanks eventually put down the lightly armed civilians of Buda-pest. 
The Soviets gave Hungary a new leader, 
Ja´nos Ka ´da´r. He announced over the radio 
that the ‘‘Hungarian Revolutionary Worker- Peasant Government’’ was formed to protect Hungary’s ‘‘socialist achievements’’. And people who disagreed, people who took a part in the fights had to pay the price. For many, the ultimate price. Some were simply shot on the streets like dogs, some disappeared in the middle of the night, some spent years in the prisons at Andra ´ssy u ´t 60, where the 
House of Terror today commemorates the brutality of the communist secret police. 
Although the system was dubbed ‘‘goulash 
communism’’ for its more relaxed policies that allowed for some dissent, the one-party system, political censorship, food shortages of a centrally planned economy, and the ar-bitrary coercion of citizens by state officials remained until the very last days of the re-gime. 
Almost sixty years after the Hungarian 
revolution, and more than 25 years after the regime change, it is more important than ever for Hungarians and Americans alike to remember that communism was not a beau-tiful utopia. It was and is an ideology that enables tyranny. Communist regimes every-where systematically killed a portion of their own people as a matter of policy in peacetime, denied citizens their basic rights, robbed them of their food and of their labor, and tore families apart in maintaining a po-lice state. 
The mass exodus, one of the largest the 
U.S. has seen at the time, of political dis-senters from Hungary on the heels of the 1956 revolution revealed the true intolerance of the ‘‘socialist dream’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC8.002 E23OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1524 October 23, 2015 
The Victims of Communism Foundation, 
through our Witness project tells true sto-ries about life communist regimes. To under-stand the depth and scope of the evil of com-munism we have to listen to those who knew it all too well, those like: 
Be´la Krasznay who spent nearly eight 
years in the notorious Recsk labor camp dur-ing the 1950’s as a political prisoner due to his family background (landed-owners and military officers). 
Ja´nos Horva ´th who served as the youngest 
member of the Hungarian parliament in 1948, was imprisoned for four years by the com-munist regime because of his political beliefs only to return to the Hungarian parliament, becoming its oldest living member until his retirement in 2014. 
Lı´via Gyarmathy who was ordered by the 
state to become a chemist, despite wanting to go to medical school and eventually be-came a filmmaker, and produced the first ever film about the Recsk labor camp—the Hungarian Gulag. 
Da´niel Magay, whose idyllic childhood was 
wrecked when communist authorities tar-geted his father, a popular landowner. Though his efforts to escape communism brought Da ´niel to the 1956 Olympic Games 
and, eventually, San Francisco, Da ´niel re-
mains deeply shaped by having grown up under that brutal system. 
We must not think that the fall of the So-
viet Union meant the ‘‘end of history’’ or even the end of communism. As Charles de Gaulle, the former French president said: ‘‘Stalin didn’t walk away into the past, he dissolved into the future.’’ 
Today, one fifth of the world’s population 
lives in a one-party communist state. 
This very summer, new statues of Stalin 
have been erected in several Russian towns by Russia’s Communist Party whose leader promised new statues in Irkutsk in Siberia and to Eastern Ukraine. 
In Donetsk, where the Soviets are respon-
sible for the death of millions of Ukrainians in the period of forced starvation known as Holodomor, a new cult of Stalin is on the 
rise with new street posters of the bloody murderer on display. 
Russia is eager to display the red flag with 
hammer and sickle as a sign of past glory at sporting events from the Sochi Olympics to the FINA World Championships in Kazan. All this while Russian authorities have shut down the Soviet era archives, revised chil-dren’s text books and harassed or jailed his-torians or journalists who dare to tell the truth about life in the Soviet Union. 
And in our own country, a country that 
spent more resources on fighting com-munism than any other country in the world, we see a shocking lack of under-standing from teenagers and young adults who do not know the basics of 20th century history. They don’t understand how bank-rupt the Marxist ideology actually is and why the struggle we as Americans took against communist imperialism was and is worth it. 
The simple lesson of the Cold War is that 
there is absolutely nothing romantic, cute, or enviable about the socialist system and the communist utopia. Few nations know this better than the Hungarians, whose torn red white and green flag became, in 1956 a symbol for a universal desire for freedom. And so it remains today. CHIEF GARY W. WARMAN—A 
TEXAS LAWMAN 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Gary 
Warman, my friend who has served 35 years with the Humble Police Department, is retiring as a Texas lawman. Gary should be recog-nized for his fine career and his outstanding public service to the community of Humble and the great State of Texas. 
After graduating from Sam Houston High 
School in Houston, Texas, Gary joined the United States Marines Corps in 1968. He served a tour in South Vietnam at Marble Mountain near Da Nang Air Base. Gary is an honorable defender of liberty and freedom and I thank him for his service to our country. 
Following his service in the Marines, Gary 
moved back to Houston and began working as a millwright. 
His father was a millwright, so he naturally 
learned the trade. He worked in several power plants around the Houston area for the next five years. 
It wasn’t long before Gary decided to fulfill 
his childhood dream of being a policeman. In 1975, he made that dream come true by join-ing Harris County Constable Precinct 1 where he trained at the Texas A&M Police Academy. He worked for Constable Walter Rankin for two years, before joining Harris County Pre-cinct 4 under Constable C.R. Davis. 
In 1979, he was offered a job as a patrol of-
ficer and thus began his long career fighting crime with the Humble Police Department. He quickly rose through the ranks as patrol ser-geant, detective sergeant, lieutenant of detec-tive division, and lieutenant of patrol division. 
His personality and professionalism quickly 
gained him respect from the law enforcement community. 
He was promoted to Chief of Police in 2002. 
His 13 years of faithful service as Chief of Po-lice makes him the longest sitting Chief in the history of the City of Humble. 
Gary obtained additional police training 
along the way. He is a graduate of the FBI National Academy 174th session and Leader-ship Command College at Sam Houston State University. He also holds a Master Peace Offi-cer Certificate. He is a member of the Texas Police Chief’s Association, North Harris Coun-ty Criminal Justice Association, Arabia Shrine Temple, International Association of Police Chiefs and a life member of the Houston Live-stock Show and Rodeo. 
On behalf of the Second Congressional Dis-
trict of Texas, this remarkable Texan should be commended for his exemplary service and dedication to the City of Humble. He will be dearly missed by his fellow officers, City of Humble employees, citizens of Humble, Texas and me. We wish him happy hunting, fishing, and golfing. Thank you, Gary, for dedicating your life to public service and making our community a fine place to live and raise a family. Job well done. 
And that’s just the way it is. NATIONAL FOREST PRODUCTS 
WEEK 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of National Forest Products Week and in recognition of the 30,000 hardworking individuals employed by this industry in Wash-ington State; including the over 1,000 pulp and paper employees in my district alone. In Washington, the industry provides nearly 2 bil-lion dollars in annual compensation and is among the state’s largest manufacturing sec-tors. 
Forest products play a valuable role in our 
daily lives and are manufactured using recy-clable and renewable resources. They are used in our businesses, schools, and homes— whether they are books, paper, shipping boxes, or LCD monitors—these products con-tinue to meet the evolving needs of people around the world. The industry is an integral part of America’s manufacturing competitive-ness and allows us to communicate, teach, and learn. 
I am excited to celebrate National Forest 
Products Week and my constituents who con-tribute to this industry. I urge my colleagues to exercise common sense and sound science when it comes to rules and regulations that unnecessarily burden this vital U.S. industry. By doing so, we can guarantee these products remain globally competitive and ensure that 900,000 Americans and 30,000 Washing-tonians can continue working for this important industry. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PAUL GALLEGOS AS 
CITIZEN OF THE YEAR 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Paul Gallegos, who was honored as Humboldt County Citizen of the Year on October 23, 2015, a well-deserved award. Paul Gallegos’ history as an attorney and as the District Attorney for Humboldt County has been a benefit to the state and the community. 
Born in Arlington, Virginia, Paul Gallegos 
was one of 11 children. He graduated from Woodbridge Senior High School in Woodbridge, Virginia, then attended the Uni-versity of Southern California, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in econom-ics. Paul Gallegos went on to University of La-Verne School of Law, where he attained a Juris Doctorate degree. 
Paul Gallegos was district attorney for Hum-
boldt County from 2003 to 2015. He was a partner with his wife Joan at Gallegos & Gallegos, Attorneys at Law in Eureka, and fo-cused on state and federal civil and criminal litigation at the Law Office of Paul V. Gallegos in Claremont, CA. He is currently a partner at the Gallegos Law Firm. 
He has served with numerous legal associa-
tions, including: The California Public Defend-er’s Association; the National Public Defend-er’s Association; the California Trial Attorneys 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23OC8.005 E23OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1525 October 23, 2015 
Association; the National District Attorneys As-
sociation, the California District Attorneys As-sociation, and the National District Attorneys Association. He is part of the Federal Pro Bono Project and a current member of the Betty Kwan Chinn Foundation. 
Mr. Speaker, Paul Gallegos’ dedication to 
law and the community of Humboldt County is commendable and worthy of recognition. I urge my colleagues to join me in extending our congratulations to him. 
f 
AFRICA’S GREAT LAKES REGION: 
A SECURITY, POLITICAL, AND HUMANITARIAN CHALLENGE 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, to 
say that the Great Lakes region of Africa is troubled would be an understatement. Burundi is experiencing continued turmoil due to a re-cent contentious election. The Democratic Re-public of the Congo, or DRC, has had some level of conflict since the late 1990s. The Lord’s Resistance Army, also known as the LRA, has plagued several of these countries. Alleged plundering of DRC resources by Rwanda and Uganda have never been fully resolved. Nations in the region have been pre-occupied in the last two years with resolving the South Sudan civil war. 
Definitions vary, but the Great Lakes region, 
as defined by the U.S. Department of State, comprises Burundi, the DRC, Rwanda, and Uganda. The region is among the most dense-ly populated in Africa, especially around Lake Victoria and Lake Tanganyika, and enjoys rich agricultural potential, water resources, min-erals, and wildlife. However, political instability, conflict, humanitarian crises, and a lack of de-velopment remain key challenges. 
These four countries are the purview of the 
U.S. Special Envoy to the Great Lakes, Tom Perriello, whom we had before my sub-committee yesterday. We also had Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Linda Thomas-Greenfield, who has spent a great deal of her time in office dealing with Great Lakes issues. 
Yesterday’s hearing offered an opportunity 
to hear from these administration officials not only about continuing U.S. efforts to extinguish the LRA threat, but also the administration’s work with governments in the region on issues such as peace building, governance and ad-herence to international human rights and de-mocracy standards. 
In our subcommittee hearings over the last 
three years, we have uncovered numerous troubling situations: 
Even with the supposed end of operations 
by the M23 militia in eastern DRC in late 2013, there are several other militias still caus-ing instability in the region. 
The Kabila government in the DRC is re-
portedly using a ban on completing foreign adoptions as leverage to ward off actions to prevent him from prolonging his rule despite a constitutional bar to any reelection bid. 
Burundi President Pierre Nkurunziza’s deci-
sion to run for a third term, which some Bu-rundians and outside observers viewed as a violation of a landmark peace agreement— and, arguably, the Constitution of Burundi— 
has led to a political crisis and heightened concerns about regional stability. 
Human rights abuses in Rwanda were found 
to be targeted toward real or perceived polit-ical opponents prior to 2012, but after 2012, such abuses were seen as more random, ex-panding the targets of the regime. 
Maj. Robert Higero, a retired Rwandan mili-
tary officer, told our subcommittee on May 20th about his solicitation by the Rwandan in-telligence chief to kill to high-level defectors. He turned against the government and in-formed the targets who asked him to record the offer. He did, and the recording was vali-dated by the Globe and Mail in Canada and the British Broadcasting Corporation. The State Department has not only found the alle-gations to be credible but warned Maj. Higero to leave Belgium where his life was in danger. 
Although LRA killings have diminished in the 
past few years, kidnappings by the group have risen as it operates in smaller, scattered cells, using more adults as temporary labor. One witness at our hearing last month said an end to the U.S. support for the counter-LRA effort would be ‘‘devastating.’’ 
We have heard of the difficulties of address-
ing issues in this troubled region of Africa by both government and private witnesses over the past few years. However, the fates of these countries are interconnected, and our policies need to take this into account. 
There are numerous issues in the Great 
Lakes countries that require examination, and we discussed yesterday what should be a co-ordinated U.S. policy in this region and we heard from our witnesses what the prospects are for this policy to be implemented. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MR. WILLIAM 
OSBORNE’S ACHIEVEMENTS 
HON. DAVID SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to pay tribute to the accomplishments of Mr. William Osborne, as he retires from a long career spanning both the private and public sectors. Whichever job he held, it was clear that Mr. Osborne always had Georgia and its citizens on his mind. 
Originally a journalist, Mr. Osborne grad-
uated from the University of Georgia’s jour-nalism school with distinction and went on to work at the Atlanta Journal. After a few years, Mr. Osborne left the Journal to direct and help establish DeKalb County’s Research-Informa-tion office. The office was one of the first pub-lic information offices in the United States of America. When the National Association of Counties established their own public informa-tion office, Mr. Osborne was chosen to be vice president by his colleagues. 
Almost concurrently, he established the City 
of Atlanta’s public information office and held the position for a few months before setting his sights on helping to improve the education system in Atlanta and Conyers. As Director of Information and Community Relations and later of Evaluation and Dissemination of Pupil Personnel Services, he undertook the effort of desegregating and integrating Atlanta public schools in the 1960’s. He has helped to develop and improve com-
munities and cities throughout metro Atlanta as a consultant and throughout the southern United States as a part of the Council of State Governments. Mr. Osborne has advocated for citizens and the improvement of Georgia as well as throughout the United States. 
Mr. Osborne served as Executive Director 
for the Southern Governor’s Association and maintained their Atlanta office, working with 19 Governors and their key staff members. 
As the City Manager for Douglasville, for 
which he was reappointed 24 times, Mr. Osborne saw the city triple in population size. He worked with three different mayors and 30 different city council members. He oversaw and guided the city as its budget quadrupled in size. Under Mr. Osborne’s guidance and leadership Douglasville has continued to grow and prosper. He will certainly be missed by all who have had the honor of working with him. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 
achievements of Mr. Osborne and to com-mend his passion and dedication for the local government and citizens not only in Douglasville but throughout the State of Geor-gia. I ask my colleagues to join me in vener-ating this distinguished colleague and his serv-ice to the people of Georgia. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATED 
SERVICE OF NORTHWEST FLOR-IDA’S DAISY STEED 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize Ms. Daisy Steed on the occasion of her retirement as Manager of Ellyson Indus-trial Park in Pensacola, Florida. For more than 30 years, Ms. Steed has dedicated her life to serving the Northwest Florida community, and I am pleased to honor her outstanding achievements. 
Ms. Steed first came to Escambia County in 
1982 after serving 17 years with the City of Hartselle, Alabama, where she served in var-ious capacities, including as interim City Man-ager. An assiduous worker, Ms. Steed also held many different positions in Escambia County, one year serving in five different ca-pacities, before she was called on to help de-velop Ellyson Industrial Park and Marcus Pointe Commerce Park. As a result of her acumen, work ethic, and dedication to serving her community, Ms. Steed was named ‘‘Em-ployee of the Month’’ several times, and, in 1997, she was selected as ‘‘Employee of the Year’’ in recognition of her excellent perform-ance, courtesy, and professionalism. 
During her career managing Ellyson Indus-
trial Park, Ms. Steed was instrumental in re-cruiting more than 20 companies to the park, helping to bring jobs and bolster economic de-velopment in the Gulf Coast region. Ms. Steed’s success and dedication is also exem-plified by her work securing funding to help build a new National Guard Armory. As a strong supporter of our military and National Guard, and in recognition of her efforts to help shepherd the construction of the National Guard Armory, Ms. Steed was one of a select group of civilians to be awarded the ‘‘Leader-ship Award’’ from Major General Harrison. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23OC8.007 E23OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1526 October 23, 2015 
Thanks to her immense success in the role 
of Manager of the Ellyson Industrial Park, Ms. Steed is affectionately called ‘‘the Mayor of Ellyson.’’ Her level of professionalism and dedication to the enhancement of Escambia County’s economic and industrial development is apparent in the manner in which she rep-resents her Ellyson Industrial Park Association in her day to day life. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Gulf Coast 
community, I am pleased to congratulate Ms. Daisy Steed on her well-earned retirement after more than 30 years of dedicated service to the Northwest Florida community. My wife Vicki and I wish her all the best for continued success. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF 
MACEL FALWELL 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of 
myself and Representative R OBERT HURT, I 
submit these remarks to commemorate and celebrate the life of Macel Falwell. Mrs. Falwell passed away on October 15, 2015, at the age of 82. 
The widow of the late Reverend Jerry 
Falwell, founder of Thomas Road Baptist Church and Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia, Mrs. Falwell and her husband could never have imagined where God’s plan would take them during their 49 years of marriage. She was self-admittedly timid, but never shied away from life’s experiences and opportuni-ties. 
Mrs. Falwell was truly a pillar of the Lynch-
burg community. She touched many lives through her work with Thomas Road Baptist Church and other local organizations. Many remember the musical talents she shared with her congregation, while others reflect on her work with Liberty Christian Academy, including serving as President of the School Board. It is without a doubt that she leaves behind a rich legacy of service. 
But her greatest joy and role was as wife 
and mother. Mrs. Falwell is survived by three children: Jonathan, the pastor of Thomas Road Baptist Church, where his father preached for 51 years; Jeannie Savas, a sur-geon; and Jerry Jr., the current president of Liberty University. Our thoughts and prayers remain with her children, grandchildren, and many other beloved family members and friends. 
As her obituary described: ‘‘Mrs. Falwell 
was well known in the Thomas Road Baptist Church and Liberty University family as a woman of poise and grace. Never desiring the spotlight, she faithfully and quietly stood by her husband for many years as both institu-tions were founded and built but she was al-ways most comfortable in her role as a pas-tor’s wife. She was his greatest cheerleader, confidant, advisor and friend during their min-istry together.’’ 
While her presence will be greatly missed 
by those here on Earth, we know that she is now at peace in heaven with her husband. Countless people would echo the sentiment shared by Mrs. Falwell’s son, Jonathan, short-ly after her passing: ‘‘I can’t believe I’ve been 
so blessed to have her in my life.’’ 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE NAACP TO-LEDO BRANCH 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
highlight a significant event in the life and times of a Toledo, Ohio institution: 2015 marks the 100th anniversary of the Toledo branch of the NAACP. The organization celebrates this milestone with a special gala on Saturday, Oc-tober 24, 2015. 
The Toledo Branch of the NAACP was char-
tered on February 2, 1915. Today, one hun-dred years later, it is one of the oldest contin-ually operating branches in the country. The branch was formed by some of the leading citizens of the day including Albertus Brown— the first chapter president—Charles A. Cottrill and Della Fields. These three founders were able to grow that initial gathering to about 160 people. Since then, the Toledo NAACP branch has marched through time thanks in large part to what historian Kenneth Goings refers to as the ‘‘ ‘unsung heroes’ of the Toledo chapter— everyday men and women who worked behind the scenes over the years to make sure the chapter would make it to its 100th birthday.’’ 
In addition to the legion of ‘‘unsung heroes’’ 
the Toledo branch of the NAACP was led by several legendary leaders who served at the helm of the organization throughout the years. These leaders’ names reverberate through history, still recognized today through the buildings and streets named for them. We re-member their legacy and the shoulders on which the generations forward have stood through the century. 
During its rich history the Toledo NAACP 
has been a leader in the fight for empower-ment and justice for all. Its focus grew from battles against outright discrimination in the past to prosperity and ensuring the economic, educational, judicial and social equality as well as enfranchisement of all citizens. 
The Toledo branch explains, its ‘‘purpose is 
to serve our mission by having a relevant agenda that emphasizes career and economic development, next level entrepreneurship, po-litical empowerment, educational excellence, health and lifestyle awareness, civil rights and youth outreach.’’ Coupled with the mission and vision of the NAACP ‘‘to ensure the political, educational, social, and economic equality of rights of all persons and to eliminate racial ha-tred and racial discrimination and ensure a so-ciety in which all individuals have equal rights and there is no racial hatred or racial discrimi-nation’’ the Toledo branch’s 100 year history is a story of highs and lows in that journey. The organization has been at the vanguard of the events which have shaped our nation’s 20th century and beyond. Today, it continues on a path toward social justice reminiscent of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King’s admonition that ‘‘Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice ev-erywhere.’’ 
Experiencing a rebirth, the Toledo branch of 
the NAACP is headquartered in the city’s his-toric Dorr Street corridor, once home to a 
thriving African American business district and the center of its residential communities. The corridor’s own storied history marched along-side that of the NAACP in bringing prosperity to Toledo’s African American families. 
Former national NAACP chair Julian Bond 
once explained when discussing the organiza-tion, ‘‘. . . the NAACP branches—the grass-roots—kept plugging away. They kept doing what they do, and they do it well.’’ For 100 years the Toledo branch of the NAACP has done it well: as a champion of humanity and hope, a beacon of light and a wellspring of truth. As we look back on a century of service, of triumph and trials, we look forward to re-newed hope for the future. 
f 
NATIONAL FOREST PRODUCTS 
WEEK 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the importance of the forest products industry as we celebrate National Forest Products Week. The forest products in-dustry provides critical contributions to the economy of Georgia and the United States. 
In my home state of Georgia, forestry and 
logging activities employ over 8,600 people; wood products manufacturing facilities employ over 16,800; and pulp and paper manufac-turing facilities provide over 18,800 jobs— amounting to a minimum of 44,200 jobs pro-vided by the forest products industry in the State of Georgia alone. Furthermore, these in-dustries contribute over $2 billion to annual payrolls in Georgia, which underscores the vi-tality of the forestry industry to the state’s economy. 
In addition to the positive economic impact, 
the forest products industry has made impor-tant technological advances in building design to improve the energy efficiency, speed of construction, and environmental performance of buildings. Industry innovation has created new opportunities to expand the use of wood building materials in construction by providing more cost-savings, quicker construction times, and fewer impacts to the environment than al-ternative building materials. 
In fact, lumber is the only building material 
that naturally-impounds carbon, significantly reducing the overall carbon footprint of a con-struction project. Additionally, wood manufac-turing requires far less energy and results in fewer greenhouse gas emissions than other common construction materials, as noted in a study by the U.S. Forest Service. 
As Americans continue to improve the en-
ergy efficiency of our buildings, it is essential that we encourage the use of wood in homes and buildings, particularly federal government buildings, where the efficiency savings gained from using forest products can be passed on to the taxpayers. 
Given the positive economic and environ-
mental impact on Georgia and on the country as whole, I am pleased to honor the fine com-panies and employees of this industry during National Forest Products Week. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC8.008 E23OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1527 October 23, 2015 
RECOGNIZING THE CENTENNIAL 
ANNIVERSARY OF MILTON HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize Milton High School in Milton, Florida upon the occasion of its Centennial Anniversary. 
Milton High School, home of the Panthers, 
first opened its doors on November 1, 1915, welcoming 252 students in grades 1 through 12. Today, the school has a student body of over 1,700 students. 
As the only high school serving the City of 
Milton, the school has educated thousands of students over the course of its 100-year his-tory, and its graduates have gone on to achieve great success in many fields. Its strong athletic program continues to give stu-dents the opportunity to participate in many or-ganized sports including: soccer, football, baseball, cheerleading, and volleyball, among others. Milton High teams have won numerous awards and championships, including back-to- back state football championships. Addition-ally, MHS is home to the Mighty Black and Gold Marching Band and has a renowned fine arts department, several honor societies and service clubs, as well as a Navy Junior ROTC and an unparalleled computer technology lab, known as Milton Institute of Technology. 
Along with receiving an ‘‘A’’ academic rat-
ing, Milton High School was also recently named one of the best high schools in Amer-ica by U.S. News and World Report. Notable alumni from Milton High School include: Founder and Chairman of Aflac Paul Amos; PGA Tour golfers: Heath Slocum, Bubba Wat-son, and Boo Weekley; and former Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives Bolley ‘‘Bo’’ Johnson. However, Milton High School has also served as the foundation for doctors, lawyers, engineers, ministers, financial ex-perts, NASA experts, pilots, military heroes, college and professional athletes, educators, and countless other dedicated alumni who have impacted Florida and our Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, my wife Vicki and I would like 
to congratulate the Milton High School Pan-thers on 100 years of excellence, and we wish them all the best for continued success. 
f 
HONORING GEORGE AND AGNES 
FRANKLIN ON THE OCCASION OF THEIR 77TH WEDDING ANNIVER-SARY AND IN CELEBRATION OF THEIR 100TH BIRTHDAYS 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
express my congratulations to George and Agnes Franklin on celebrating their 77th anni-versary and in celebration of their 100th birth-days. 
This is a great milestone in a marriage and 
speaks highly to the love and commitment they have shown to one another and their family over the years. As they reflect on the great memories and 
milestones that have highlighted the past fifty years, I know they will think fondly on all they have shared together, and I wish them all the best for the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. WILLIAM T. 
STANLEY 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I would like to take this time to recognize the life of Mr. William T. Stanley, a scientist from the Field Museum located in Chicago, IL. Born in Lebanon, Bill grew up in Kenya and moved to the United States with intentions on becoming an animal scientist. 
Bill was in charge of some 29 million spe-
cies at the Field Museum in Chicago. Sci-entists and students would reach out to Bill for his resourcefulness in their respected field of study. He has helped many graduate students reach their potentials with his assistance to their thesis and dissertations. His knowledge and ability to explain specimens in detail moti-vated his audience to engage and learn. 
Reaching his goals to becoming a mamma-
lian researcher, his character touched the lives of everyone he came in contact with. Bill was known for not only his research but also his ability to fill the room with his good spirits and incredible sense of humor. Bill will be missed by his family, friends and the mammalian re-search in which he devoted his life too. 
I would like to thank William T. Stanley for 
his strong leadership and contributions to the city of Chicago and may he rest in peace. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LINDA ATKINS AS 
CITIZEN OF THE YEAR 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, Linda Atkins 
attended Berkeley High School, then earned a bachelor’s degree in social science from Cali-fornia State University in Sacramento. From 1976 to 1998 she was a State of California Ar-chitectural Associate, heavy equipment me-chanic, building maintenance worker and auto technician for the California Highway Patrol. Linda Atkins then spent three years working for Caltrans’ material engineering division. During her work with the state, she integrated several employment classifications as a tradeswoman and was a Service Employees International Union Local 1000 representative. Linda Atkins has also been a strong advocate for gay and lesbian state employees. 
In 1998, Linda Atkins was elected to the Eu-
reka City Council, where she is a council-woman to this day. Linda Atkins has been a longtime member of the Humboldt County Democratic Central Committee and has served as its chair; she is also a member of the Eureka Progressive Democratic Club. She has helped bring a diverse viewpoint to the city council and has been a strong participant in local elections. Linda Atkins was recognized as Community Partner of the Year in 2014. Mr. Speaker, Linda Atkins’ dedication to the 
state and the Humboldt County community is commendable and worthy of recognition. I urge my colleagues to join me in extending our congratulations to her. 
f 
HONORING SUE GOODNOW IN 
CELEBRATION OF HER 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
express my congratulations to Sue Goodnow in celebration of her reaching her 100th birth-day. 
As she reflects on the great memories and 
milestones that have highlighted the past hun-dred years, I know she will think fondly on all that she’s accomplished and the positive im-pact she’s had on New Hampshire. 
It is with great admiration that I congratulate 
Ms. Goodnow on achieving this wonderful milestone, and wish her the best on all future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RAMBAM MESIVTA, 
WINNER OF A NATIONAL BLUE RIBBON AWARD 
HON. KATHLEEN M. RICE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the Rambam Mesivta academy in Lawrence, New York, on receiving the National Blue Ribbon School award. As the only school on Long Island to receive a Blue Ribbon award this year, Rambam Mesivta has truly distinguished itself as an ex-ceptional academic institution deeply com-mitted to the educational and personal devel-opment of its student body. 
For 24 years, Rambam Mesivta has imple-
mented a rigorous curriculum that challenges its students to not only strive for academic ex-cellence, but also to become more engaged members of their community and better citi-zens of the world. In fact, within days of the 2004 earthquake and tsunami in Southeast Asia, which killed more than 250,000 people, students from Rambam Mesivta raised more than $6,000 to help rebuild schools and buy school supplies in Sri Lanka. 
Following the tragic 2014 terrorist attack at 
the Har Nof synagogue in Jerusalem, in which four Jewish worshipers were killed, a group of 10th graders from Rambam Mesivta re-sponded immediately with a campaign to raise money for the victims’ families. Within a day of the attack, the students had raised nearly $20,000, and within 10 days, they raised over one million. Nearly two months after they launched their campaign, this passionate and caring group of students raised over two mil-lion dollars. 
Rambam Mesivta has instilled in its students 
a dedication not just to their studies, but to public service and to helping those in need. I am truly proud to represent this wonderful school and its community in Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23OC8.009 E23OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1528 October 23, 2015 
Once again, I’d like to congratulate 
Rambam Mesivta on receiving the National Blue Ribbon Award and I want to thank its stu-dents, administrators and faculty for their in-credible work and their service to our community. 
f 
INCREASED VIOLENCE IN ISRAEL 
AND THE WEST BANK 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I am con-
cerned and saddened by the recent reports of increased violence in Israel and the West Bank. 
I join with Secretary of State John Kerry and 
United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki Moon in urging both Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to publicly condemn the violence, use rhetoric that will calm tensions in the region, and refrain from making public statements that will incite violence. 
It is my hope that Secretary Kerry’s visits 
with President Abbas and Prime Minister Netanyahu this week are helpful in putting an end to the violence that has already taken so many lives and allows for a constructive dia-logue that can ultimately lead to a peaceful resolution for the region. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF THE LIFE 
OF THE HONORABLE DICK ROSENBAUM 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and work of a dedicated public servant of California’s 18th Congressional Dis-trict. 
Dick Rosenbaum was born and raised in 
Queens, New York, and died on October 11, 2015, at the age of 81. He leaves his wife of 57 years, Ruth; his son, Dan Rosenbaum; his daughter, Amy Rosenbaum and three grand-children. 
Dick was a science prodigy who went to 
Brooklyn Tech and attended Cornell University on a full scholarship, and earned his Ph.D. in aeronautical engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He and his wife moved to Palo Alto in 1963, and he worked as a research scientist for Lockheed for 31 years. 
Dick Rosenbaum served three times on the 
Palo Alto City Council, from 1971 to 1975 and from 1991 to 1999, serving as Mayor in 1998. He was called a ‘‘fiscal bloodhound’’ by the Palo Alto Weekly and was prescient about the dangers of excessive city spending. He was a residentialist who valued the quality of life in Palo Alto, and worked to preserve historic buildings. He supported low income housing but opposed overly dense projects. He wrote frequently for the Palo Alto Weekly, usually about fiscal matters. He was loved and re-spected by his colleagues for his integrity and sense of humor. I had the privilege to rep-resent Dick and work with him on behalf of our mutual constituents. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House to join 
me in honoring the life and work of Dick Rosenbaum and in extending our condolences to his family. Our community and our country are stronger because of the life and work of Dick Rosenbaum. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GRAHAM NASH 
HON. DARRELL E. ISSA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize and pay tribute to the great musical contributions of singer and songwriter, Mr. Graham Nash. 
Over the decades, Mr. Nash has been a 
member of several legendary musical acts and written many powerful songs like ‘‘Teach Your Children’’ and love songs like ‘‘Our House’’ with Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young. I particu-larly remember the song ‘‘He Ain’t Heavy, He’s My Brother’’ when he was a member of The Hollies because we both lived in Ohio. 
Mr. Nash won a GRAMMY in 1969 for ‘‘Best 
New Artist’’ with Crosby, Stills, & Nash. Their debut album was nominated for Album of the Year and inducted into the GRAMMY Hall of Fame in 1999. Mr. Nash is also a two-time-in-ductee in both the Songwriter’s Hall of Fame as well as the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. 
Additionally, a New York Times best-selling 
author, an internationally renowned photog-rapher, and a philanthropist and activist, Mr. Nash used an array of artistic outlets to share his beliefs and talents around the world. 
Mr. Nash was born and raised in the United 
Kingdom. But he mentioned to me one of his proudest days was August 14, 1978—the day he became an American citizen. He is cur-rently a resident in California and I am proud he calls our great state home. 
A new exhibition titled ‘‘Graham Nash: 
Touching the Flame’’ at the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Museum in Cleveland, Ohio, docu-ments the extraordinary career of Mr. Nash. We are fortunate he has shared his creative musical talents and thought-provoking songs with the world. For these reasons, I commend Mr. Graham Nash as a remarkable lyricist and performer. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF SIMON KONOVER 
HON. JOHN B. LARSON 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, October 23, 2015 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to remember Simon Konover, who passed away on October 20, 2015 in Delray Beach, Florida at the age of 93. Konover was the founder and patriarch of The Simon Konover Company and Konover South, a di-versified, fully integrated real estate empire, based in West Hartford, Connecticut and Deerfield Beach, Florida. 
The Konover organization achieved national 
stature, based upon strong ethics and innova-tion. This family-owned business now spans three generations. The companies, established in 1957, have developed, constructed, owned and operated properties throughout the Mid-west and Eastern U.S., stretching from Maine 
to Florida. The company’s extensive portfolio has included shopping centers, hotels, resi-dential communities, office buildings, industrial buildings, mixed use and specialty properties. Over the course of its history the Konover companies have owned and operated 15 mil-lion square feet of retail, 20,000 apartment units, 2 million square feet of office space, 4000 hotel rooms and more. 
Konover is also recognized as an excep-
tional philanthropist, as a pillar of both the na-tional and Hartford Jewish communities, and as one of Connecticut’s outstanding civic lead-ers. His deeds, accomplishments and commit-ment are legendary. His life was devoted to community, enormous generosity and kind deeds. A complete list of organizations that he 
was involved in, and honors received, could fill pages and are too numerous to recount here. A sampling: Konover is a Junior Achievement Laureate and member of its Business Hall of Fame. He was recognized as Hotelier of the Year by the Connecticut Lodging and Res-taurant Associations. Konover was a trustee of the Doris and Simon Konover Family Founda-tion. He donated construction management services to Paul Newman’s Hole in the Wall Gang Camp for seriously ill children in Ashford, Connecticut and also initiated the creation of an affiliated camp in Israel. Konover built campus housing at the Univer-sity of Hartford, and along with his wife Doris, was instrumental in creating the Konover Campus Center there. They are founding sup-porters of the Center for Judaic Studies and Contemporary Jewish Life at the University of Connecticut, which among its numerous activi-ties expanded its study of human rights. 
In addition to endowing that Center’s first 
faculty chair, their other major donations to UCONN include the University Libraries, the Thomas J. Dodd Center, the Kosher Dining Center and UCONN Health Center. Konover received three honorary doctoral degrees: from UCONN, University of Hartford and Gratz College. Recognition of Konover’s community contributions are countless and include the Prime Minister’s New Life Award from the Na-tional Committee for Israel Bonds. He received the Distinguished Service Award to the Cause of Good Relations from the National Con-ference for Community and Justice. He is a founder of the United States Holocaust Memo-rial Museum in Washington, D.C. and served as President and Campaign Chairman for the Jewish Federation of Greater Hartford, where he was also honored as a Life Director. He re-ceived the JFACT Community Builder Award. He is a founding member of Beth El Temple in West Hartford and a major donor to the new Hebrew High School of New England in West Hartford and Hebrew University in Israel. 
Konover was born in the small shtetl of 
Makow Mazowieki in Poland, one of 8 chil-dren. At age 16 at the start of World War II in 1939, he was interned in a Nazi labor farm, where he survived unimaginable indignities. He narrowly escaped to Russia, where he was drafted into its army. He endured many hard-ships as a truck driver delivering supplies to the front line during the Battle of Stalingrad. He was imprisoned for one year in a Siberian hard labor camp until the war’s end in 1945. Konover often stated that he ‘‘lived minute to minute, not hour to hour.’’ He survived the war with his brother Harold, but lost his parents, five siblings, brothers-in-law, nieces, nephews, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23OC8.012 E23OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1529 October 23, 2015 
extended family members, friends and his en-
tire way of life in the Holocaust. In 1949 he immigrated to the United States, after first liv-ing as a refugee in France and Cuba. In the United States, he met his oldest brother David 
for the first time. David had left Poland before Simon was born. Konover fulfilled his desire to live a good, full and meaningful life. He 
chased and ultimately found his version of the American Dream. 
Konover leaves his wife Doris of 66 years. 
He is also survived by daughter and son-in- law Jane and Robert Coppa, his son and daughter-in-law Michael and Vicki Konover, and his son Steven Konover. He also leaves 
his four grandchildren Karen Coppa (with her husband Eric Kleinman), David Coppa, Kimberle Konover and Gregory Konover (with his wife Elise Konover), as well as three great- grandchildren. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23OC8.013 E23OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1126 Friday, October 23, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-
journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, October 26, 2015. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 13 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3815–3827; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 489–490 were introduced.
                 Pages H7173 75 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7175–76 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 765, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to permanently extend the 15-year recovery pe-riod for qualified leasehold improvement property, qualified restaurant property, and qualified retail im-provement property, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–306); 
H.R. 961, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to permanently extend the subpart F exemp-tion for active financing income, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–307); 
H.R. 1270, to amend the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 to repeal the amendments made by the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act which dis-qualify expenses for over-the-counter drugs under health savings accounts and health flexible spending arrangements, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–308); 
H.R. 1430, to amend the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 to make permanent the look-through treat-ment of payments between related controlled foreign corporations, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–309); and 
H.R. 2940, to amend the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 to improve and make permanent the above- the-line deduction for certain expenses of elementary and secondary school teachers, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–310).
                                                Page H7173 Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by voice vote.                                Page H7141 
Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Rec-onciliation Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 
3762, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to sec-tion 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, by a recorded vote of 240 ayes to 189 noes, Roll No. 568.
                          Pages H7143–64 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment printed in 
H. Rept. 114–303 shall be considered as adopted. 
                                                                                            Page H7143 
H. Res. 483, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 3762) was agreed to yesterday, Oc-tober 22nd. 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, October 26th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H7167 
Select Investigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce—Appointment: The Chair 
announced the Speaker’s appointment of the fol-lowing Members to the Select Investigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce: Rep-resentative Blackburn, Chair; Representatives Pitts, Black, Bucshon, Duffy, Harris, Hartzler, and Love. 
                                                                                            Page H7170 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One recorded vote devel-
oped during the proceedings of today and appears on page H7164. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 1:29 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23OC5.REC D23OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1127 October 23, 2015 
Committee Meetings 
REVIEWING THE ACCURACY OF MEDICAID 
AND EXCHANGE ELIGIBILITY DETERMINATIONS 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the Accu-racy of Medicaid and Exchange Eligibility Deter-minations’’. Testimony was heard from Carolyn Yocom, Director, Health Care, Government Ac-countability Office; and Seto Bagdoyan, Director, Audit Services, Forensic and Investigative Service, Government Accountability Office. 
FIGHTING FRAUD AGAINST THE ELDERLY, 
AN UPDATE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fighting Fraud Against the Elderly, an Update’’. Testimony was heard from Daniel Kauf-man, Deputy Directory, Bureau of Consumer Protec-tion, Federal Trade Commission; Stacy Canan, Dep-
uty Director, Office of Financial Protection for Older Americans, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau; Robert F. Harris, Cook County Public Guardian; and public witnesses. 
OVERSIGHT OF THE SEC’S DIVISION OF 
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-
ital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the SEC’s Di-
vision of Investment Management’’. Testimony was heard from David Grim, Director, Division of In-vestment Management, Securities and Exchange Commission. 
EVALUATING THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
IN THE GLOBAL ECONOMY 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-
rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating the Export-Import Bank in the Global Economy’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
OCTOBER 26, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23OC5.REC D23OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1128 October 23, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, October 26 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business. At 5 p.m., Senate will begin consider-ation of the nomination of Lawrence Joseph Vilardo, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, and vote on confirmation of the nomina-tion at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 p.m., Monday, October 26 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1522 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E1523 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1526 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1521 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1527 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1528 Farr, Sam, Calif., E1521 
Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E1526 Granger, Kay, Tex., E1523 Grayson, Alan, Fla., E1522 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E1521, E1527, E1527 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1524, E1527 Issa, Darrell E., Calif., E1528 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1526 Larson, John B., Conn., E1528 
Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E1528 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1525, E1527 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E1524 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1524 Rice, Kathleen M., N.Y., E1527 Scott, David, Ga., E1525 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1522, E1523, E1525 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Oct 24, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D23OC5.REC D23OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST